Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S889 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2016 No. 27 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , FEBRUARY 22, 2016 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, Your counsel stands firm and sure. Fashion the hearts of our lawmakers so that they desire to do Your will. Today, as we re-member George Washington’s Farewell Address, may we not forget that our Nation is not strong merely because of military might, but that integrity and righteousness are also critical to na-tional security. Lord, keep our Sen-ators from forgetting Your promise to surround the righteous with the shield of Your Divine favor. Help us all to continue to find hope in Your loving kindness, for we trust in Your Holy Name. May we take refuge in the un-folding of Your loving providence. And, Lord, thank You for the life and integrity of Justice Antonin Scalia. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. READING OF WASHINGTON’S FAREWELL ADDRESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to the order of the Senate of January 24, 1901, the Senator from Delaware, Mr. COONS , will now read Washington’s Farewell Address. Mr. COONS, at the rostrum, read the Farewell Address, as follows: To the people of the United States F
RIENDS AND FELLOW -CITIZENS : The period for a new election of a citizen to administer the executive government of the United States being not far dis-tant, and the time actually arrived when your thoughts must be employed in designating the person who is to be clothed with that important trust, it appears to me proper, especially as it may conduce to a more distinct expres-sion of the public voice, that I should now apprise you of the resolution I have formed, to decline being consid-ered among the number of those out of whom a choice is to be made. I beg you at the same time to do me the justice to be assured that this reso-lution has not been taken without a strict regard to all the considerations appertaining to the relation which binds a dutiful citizen to his country— and that, in withdrawing the tender of service which silence in my situation might imply, I am influenced by no diminution of zeal for your future in-terest, no deficiency of grateful respect for your past kindness, but am sup-ported by a full conviction that the step is compatible with both. The acceptance of, and continuance hitherto in, the office to which your suffrages have twice called me have been a uniform sacrifice of inclination to the opinion of duty and to a def-erence for what appeared to be your de-sire. I constantly hoped that it would have been much earlier in my power, consistently with motives which I was not at liberty to disregard, to return to that retirement from which I had been reluctantly drawn. The strength of my inclination to do this, previous to the last election, had even led to the prepa-ration of an address to declare it to you; but mature reflection on the then perplexed and critical posture of our affairs with foreign nations, and the unanimous advice of persons entitled to my confidence, impelled me to aban-don the idea. I rejoice that the state of your con-cerns, external as well as internal, no longer renders the pursuit of inclina-tion incompatible with the sentiment of duty or propriety and am persuaded, whatever partiality may be retained for my services, that in the present cir-cumstances of our country you will not disapprove my determination to retire. The impressions with which I first undertook the arduous trust were ex-plained on the proper occasion. In the discharge of this trust, I will only say that I have, with good intentions, con-tributed towards the organization and administration of the government the best exertions of which a very fallible judgment was capable. Not unconscious in the outset of the inferiority of my qualifications, experience in my own eyes, perhaps still more in the eyes of others, has strengthened the motives to diffidence of myself, and every day the increasing weight of years admon-ishes me more and more that the shade 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.000 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES890 February 22, 2016 
of retirement is as necessary to me as it will be welcome. Satisfied that if any circumstances have given peculiar value to my services, they were tem-porary, I have the consolation to be-lieve that, while choice and prudence invite me to quit the political scene, patriotism does not forbid it. In looking forward to the moment which is intended to terminate the ca-reer of my public life, my feelings do not permit me to suspend the deep ac-knowledgment of that debt of gratitude which I owe to my beloved country for the many honors it has conferred upon me, still more for the steadfast con-fidence with which it has supported me and for the opportunities I have thence enjoyed of manifesting my inviolable attachment by services faithful and persevering, though in usefulness un-equal to my zeal. If benefits have re-sulted to our country from these serv-ices, let it always be remembered to your praise and as an instructive exam-ple in our annals that, under cir-cumstances in which the passions agi-tated in every direction were liable to mislead, amidst appearances some-times dubious, vicissitudes of fortune often discouraging, in situations in which not unfrequently want of success has countenanced the spirit of criti-cism, the constancy of your support was the essential prop of the efforts and a guarantee of the plans by which they were effected. Profoundly pene-trated with this idea, I shall carry it with me to my grave as a strong incite-ment to unceasing vows that Heaven may continue to you the choicest to-kens of its beneficence; that your union and brotherly affection may be perpetual; that the free constitution, which is the work of your hands, may be sacredly maintained; that its admin-istration in every department may be stamped with wisdom and virtue; that, in fine, the happiness of the people of these states, under the auspices of lib-erty, may be made complete by so care-ful a preservation and so prudent a use of this blessing as will acquire to them the glory of recommending it to the ap-plause, the affection, and adoption of every nation which is yet a stranger to it. Here, perhaps, I ought to stop. But a solicitude for your welfare, which can-not end but with my life, and the ap-prehension of danger natural to that solicitude, urge me on an occasion like the present to offer to your solemn contemplation, and to recommend to your frequent review, some sentiments which are the result of much reflec-tion, of no inconsiderable observation, and which appear to me all important to the permanency of your felicity as a people. These will be offered to you with the more freedom as you can only see in them the disinterested warnings of a parting friend, who can possibly have no personal motive to bias his counsel. Nor can I forget, as an encour-agement to it, your indulgent recep-tion of my sentiments on a former and not dissimilar occasion. Interwoven as is the love of liberty with every ligament of your hearts, no recommendation of mine is necessary to fortify or confirm the attachment. The unity of government which con-stitutes you one people is also now dear to you. It is justly so; for it is a main pillar in the edifice of your real independence, the support of your tran-quility at home, your peace abroad, of your safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty which you so highly prize. But as it is easy to foresee that, from different causes and from different quarters, much pains will be taken, many artifices employed, to weaken in your minds the conviction of this truth; as this is the point in your polit-ical fortress against which the bat-teries of internal and external enemies will be most constantly and actively (though often covertly and insidiously) directed, it is of infinite moment that you should properly estimate the im-mense value of your national Union to your collective and individual happi-ness; that you should cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming yourselves to think and speak of it as of the palladium of your political safety and prosperity; watching for its preservation with jeal-ous anxiety; discountenancing what-ever may suggest even a suspicion that it can in any event be abandoned; and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts. For this you have every inducement of sympathy and interest. Citizens by birth or choice of a common country, that country has a right to concentrate your affections. The name of American, which belongs to you in your national capacity, must always exalt the just pride of patriotism more than any ap-pellation derived from local discrimi-nations. With slight shades of dif-ference, you have the same religion, manners, habits, and political prin-ciples. You have in a common cause fought and triumphed together. The independence and liberty you possess are the work of joint councils and joint efforts—of common dangers, sufferings, and successes. But these considerations, however powerfully they address themselves to your sensibility, are greatly out-weighed by those which apply more im-mediately to your interest. Here every portion of our country finds the most commanding motives for carefully guarding and preserving the Union of the whole. The North, in an unrestrained inter-course with the South, protected by the equal laws of a common govern-ment, finds in the productions of the latter great additional resources of maritime and commercial enterprise and precious materials of manufac-turing industry. The South in the same intercourse, benefitting by the agency of the North, sees its agriculture grow and its commerce expand. Turning partly into its own channels the sea-men of the North, it finds its particular navigation invigorated; and while it contributes, in different ways, to nour-ish and increase the general mass of the national navigation, it looks for-ward to the protection of a maritime strength to which itself is unequally adapted. The East, in a like intercourse with the West, already finds, and in the progressive improvement of interior communications by land and water will more and more find a valuable vent for the commodities which it brings from abroad or manufactures at home. The West derives from the East supplies requisite to its growth and comfort— and what is perhaps of still greater consequence, it must of necessity owe the secure enjoyment of indispensable outlets for its own productions to the weight, influence, and the future mari-time strength of the Atlantic side of the Union, directed by an indissoluble community of interest as one nation. Any other tenure by which the West can hold this essential advantage, whether derived from its own separate strength or from an apostate and un-natural connection with any foreign power, must be intrinsically precar-ious. While then every part of our country thus feels an immediate and particular interest in union, all the parts com-bined cannot fail to find in the united mass of means and efforts greater strength, greater resource, proportion-ably greater security from external danger, a less frequent interruption of their peace by foreign nations; and, what is of inestimable value! they must derive from union an exemption from those broils and wars between them-selves which so frequently afflict neighboring countries not tied together by the same government, which their own rivalships alone would be suffi-cient to produce, but which opposite foreign alliances, attachments, and in-trigues would stimulate and embitter. Hence likewise they will avoid the ne-cessity of those overgrown military es-tablishments, which under any form of government are inauspicious to liberty, and which are to be regarded as par-ticularly hostile to republican liberty. In this sense it is, that your Union ought to be considered as a main prop of your liberty, and that the love of the one ought to endear to you the preser-vation of the other. These considerations speak a persua-sive language to every reflecting and virtuous mind and exhibit the continu-ance of the Union as a primary object of patriotic desire. Is there a doubt whether a common government can embrace so large a sphere? Let experi-ence solve it. To listen to mere specu-lation in such a case were criminal. We are authorized to hope that a proper organization of the whole, with the auxiliary agency of governments for the respective subdivisions, will afford a happy issue to the experiment. It is well worth a fair and full experiment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.001 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S891 February 22, 2016 
With such powerful and obvious mo-tives to union affecting all parts of our country, while experience shall not have demonstrated its imprac-ticability, there will always be reason to distrust the patriotism of those who in any quarter may endeavor to weak-en its bands. In contemplating the causes which may disturb our Union, it occurs as matter of serious concern that any ground should have been furnished for characterizing parties by geographical discriminations—northern and south-ern—Atlantic and western; whence de-signing men may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of local interests and views. One of the expedients of party to acquire influ-ence within particular districts is to misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts. You cannot shield yourselves too much against the jealousies and heart burnings which spring from these misrepresentations. They tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound together by fraternal affection. The inhabitants of our western country have lately had a useful lesson on this head. They have seen in the negotiation by the execu-tive—and in the unanimous ratifica-tion by the Senate—of the treaty with Spain, and in the universal satisfaction at that event throughout the United States, a decisive proof how unfounded were the suspicions propagated among them of a policy in the general govern-ment and in the Atlantic states un-friendly to their interests in regard to the Mississippi. They have been wit-nesses to the formation of two treaties, that with Great Britain and that with Spain, which secure to them every-thing they could desire, in respect to our foreign relations, towards con-firming their prosperity. Will it not be their wisdom to rely for the preserva-tion of these advantages on the Union by which they were procured? Will they not henceforth be deaf to those advis-ers, if such there are, who would sever them from their brethren and connect them with aliens? To the efficacy and permanency of your Union, a government for the whole is indispensable. No alliances, however strict, between the parts can be an adequate substitute. They must inevitably experience the infractions and interruptions which all alliances in all times have experienced. Sensible of this momentous truth, you have im-proved upon your first essay by the adoption of a Constitution of govern-ment better calculated than your former for an intimate Union and for the efficacious management of your common concerns. This government, the offspring of our own choice uninfluenced and unawed, adopted upon full investigation and mature de-liberation, completely free in its prin-ciples, in the distribution of its powers uniting security with energy, and con-taining within itself a provision for its own amendment, has a just claim to your confidence and your support. Re-spect for its authority, compliance with its laws, acquiescence in its meas-ures, are duties enjoined by the funda-mental maxims of true liberty. The basis of our political systems is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of govern-ment. But the Constitution which at any time exists, until changed by an explicit and authentic act of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory upon all. The very idea of the power and the right of the people to establish govern-ment presupposes the duty of every in-dividual to obey the established gov-ernment. All obstructions to the execution of the laws, all combinations and associa-tions under whatever plausible char-acter with the real design to direct, control, counteract, or awe the regular deliberation and action of the con-stituted authorities, are destructive of this fundamental principle and of fatal tendency. They serve to organize fac-tion; to give it an artificial and ex-traordinary force; to put in the place of the delegated will of the nation the will of a party, often a small but artful and enterprising minority of the com-munity; and, according to the alter-nate triumphs of different parties, to make the public administration the mirror of the ill concerted and incon-gruous projects of faction, rather than the organ of consistent and wholesome plans digested by common councils and modified by mutual interests. However combinations or associations of the above description may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely, in the course of time and things, to be-come potent engines by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of the people and to usurp for themselves the reins of government, destroying after-wards the very engines which have lift-ed them to unjust dominion. Towards the preservation of your government and the permanency of your present happy state, it is req-uisite not only that you steadily dis-countenance irregular oppositions to its acknowledged authority but also that you resist with care the spirit of innovation upon its principles, however specious the pretexts. One method of assault may be to effect in the forms of the Constitution alterations which will impair the energy of the system and thus to undermine what cannot be di-rectly overthrown. In all the changes to which you may be invited, remem-ber that time and habit are at least as necessary to fix the true character of governments as of other human insti-tutions, that experience is the surest standard by which to test the real tendency of the existing constitution of a country, that facility in changes upon the credit of mere hypotheses and opinion exposes to perpetual change from the endless variety of hypotheses and opinion; and remember, especially, that for the efficient management of your common interests in a country so extensive as ours, a government of as much vigor as is consistent with the perfect security of liberty is indispen-sable; liberty itself will find in such a government, with powers properly dis-tributed and adjusted, its surest guard-ian. It is indeed little else than a name, where the government is too feeble to withstand the enterprises of faction, to confine each member of the society within the limits prescribed by the laws, and to maintain all in the secure and tranquil enjoyment of the rights of person and property. I have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the state, with par-ticular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take a more comprehen-sive view and warn you in the most sol-emn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party, generally. This spirit, unfortunately, is insepa-rable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less sti-fled, controlled, or repressed; but in those of the popular form it is seen in its greatest rankness and is truly their worst enemy. The alternate domination of one fac-tion over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dis-sension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which re-sult gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the abso-lute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this dis-position to the purposes of his own ele-vation on the ruins of public liberty. Without looking forward to an ex-tremity of this kind (which neverthe-less ought not to be entirely out of sight) the common and continual mis-chiefs of the spirit of party are suffi-cient to make it the interest and the duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain it. It serves always to distract the pub-lic councils and enfeeble the public ad-ministration. It agitates the commu-nity with ill founded jealousies and false alarms, kindles the animosity of one part against another, foments oc-casionally riot and insurrection. It opens the door to foreign influence and corruption, which find a facilitated ac-cess to the government itself through the channels of party passions. Thus the policy and the will of one country are subjected to the policy and will of another. There is an opinion that parties in free countries are useful checks upon the administration of the government and serve to keep alive the spirit of lib-erty. This within certain limits is prob-ably true—and in governments of a mo-narchical cast patriotism may look with indulgence, if not with favor, upon the spirit of party. But in those of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.002 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES892 February 22, 2016 
the popular character, in governments purely elective, it is a spirit not to be encouraged. From their natural tend-ency, it is certain there will always be enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose. And there being constant dan-ger of excess, the effort ought to be by force of public opinion to mitigate and assuage it. A fire not to be quenched, it demands a uniform vigilance to pre-vent its bursting into a flame, lest in-stead of warming it should consume. It is important, likewise, that the habits of thinking in a free country should inspire caution in those en-trusted with its administration to con-fine themselves within their respective constitutional spheres, avoiding in the exercise of the powers of one depart-ment to encroach upon another. The spirit of encroachment tends to con-solidate the powers of all the depart-ments in one and thus to create, what-ever the form of government, a real despotism. A just estimate of that love of power and proneness to abuse it which predominates in the human heart is sufficient to satisfy us of the truth of this position. The necessity of reciprocal checks in the exercise of po-litical power, by dividing and distrib-uting it into different depositories and constituting each the guardian of the public weal against invasions by the others, has been evinced by experi-ments ancient and modern, some of them in our country and under our own eyes. To preserve them must be as nec-essary as to institute them. If in the opinion of the people the distribution or modification of the constitutional powers be in any particular wrong, let it be corrected by an amendment in the way which the Constitution designates. But let there be no change by usurpa-tion; for though this, in one instance, may be the instrument of good, it is the customary weapon by which free governments are destroyed. The prece-dent must always greatly overbalance in permanent evil any partial or tran-sient benefit which the use can at any time yield. Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, reli-gion and morality are indispensable supports. In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness, these firmest props of the duties of men and citizens. The mere politician, equally with the pious man, ought to respect and to cherish them. A volume could not trace all their connections with private and pub-lic felicity. Let it simply be asked where is the security for property, for reputation, for life, if the sense of reli-gious obligation desert the oaths, which are the instruments of investiga-tion in courts of justice? And let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained with-out religion. Whatever may be con-ceded to the influence of refined edu-cation on minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can pre-vail in exclusion of religious principle. It is substantially true that virtue or morality is a necessary spring of pop-ular government. The rule indeed ex-tends with more or less force to every species of free government. Who that is a sincere friend to it can look with in-difference upon attempts to shake the foundation of the fabric? Promote then, as an object of pri-mary importance, institutions for the general diffusion of knowledge. In pro-portion as the structure of a govern-ment gives force to public opinion, it is essential that public opinion should be enlightened. As a very important source of strength and security, cherish public credit. One method of preserving it is to use it as sparingly as possible, avoiding occasions of expense by culti-vating peace, but remembering also that timely disbursements to prepare for danger frequently prevent much greater disbursements to repel it; avoiding likewise the accumulation of debt, not only by shunning occasions of expense, but by vigorous exertions in time of peace to discharge the debts which unavoidable wars may have oc-casioned, not ungenerously throwing upon posterity the burden which we ourselves ought to bear. The execution of these maxims belongs to your rep-resentatives, but it is necessary that public opinion should cooperate. To fa-cilitate to them the performance of their duty, it is essential that you should practically bear in mind that towards the payment of debts there must be revenue; that to have revenue there must be taxes; that no taxes can be devised which are not more or less inconvenient and unpleasant; that the intrinsic embarrassment inseparable from the selection of the proper objects (which is always a choice of difficul-ties) ought to be a decisive motive for a candid construction of the conduct of the government in making it, and for a spirit of acquiescence in the measures for obtaining revenue which the public exigencies may at any time dictate. Observe good faith and justice to-wards all nations; cultivate peace and harmony with all; religion and moral-ity enjoin this conduct, and can it be that good policy does not equally en-join it? It will be worthy of a free, en-lightened, and, at no distant period, a great nation, to give to mankind the magnanimous and too novel example of a people always guided by an exalted justice and benevolence. Who can doubt that in the course of time and things the fruits of such a plan would richly repay any temporary advantages which might be lost by a steady adherence to it? Can it be, that Providence has not connected the permanent felicity of a nation with its virtue? The experiment, at least, is recommended by every sen-timent which ennobles human nature. Alas! is it rendered impossible by its vices? In the execution of such a plan noth-ing is more essential than that perma-nent, inveterate antipathies against particular nations and passionate at-tachments for others should be ex-cluded and that in place of them just and amicable feelings towards all should be cultivated. The nation which indulges towards another an habitual hatred, or an habitual fondness, is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. Antip-athy in one nation against another dis-poses each more readily to offer insult and injury, to lay hold of slight causes of umbrage, and to be haughty and in-tractable when accidental or trifling occasions of dispute occur. Hence fre-quent collisions, obstinate, envenomed, and bloody contests. The nation, prompted by ill will and resentment, sometimes impels to war the govern-ment, contrary to the best calculations of policy. The government sometimes participates in the national propensity and adopts through passion what rea-son would reject; at other times, it makes the animosity of the nation sub-servient to projects of hostility insti-gated by pride, ambition and other sin-ister and pernicious motives. The peace often, sometimes perhaps the liberty, of nations has been the victim. So likewise, a passionate attachment of one nation for another produces a variety of evils. Sympathy for the fa-vorite nation, facilitating the illusion of an imaginary common interest in cases where no real common interest exists and infusing into one the enmi-ties of the other, betrays the former into a participation in the quarrels and wars of the latter, without adequate in-ducement or justification. It leads also to concessions to the favorite nation of privileges denied to others, which is apt doubly to injure the nation making the concessions, by unnecessarily part-ing with what ought to have been re-tained and by exciting jealousy, ill will, and a disposition to retaliate in the parties from whom equal privileges are withheld. And it gives to ambi-tious, corrupted, or deluded citizens (who devote themselves to the favorite nation) facility to betray or sacrifice the interests of their own country without odium, sometimes even with popularity, gilding with the appear-ances of a virtuous sense of obligation, a commendable deference for public opinion, or a laudable zeal for public good, the base or foolish compliances of ambition, corruption, or infatuation. As avenues to foreign influence in in-numerable ways, such attachments are particularly alarming to the truly en-lightened and independent patriot. How many opportunities do they afford to tamper with domestic factions, to prac-tice the arts of seduction, to mislead public opinion, to influence or awe the public councils! Such an attachment of a small or weak towards a great and powerful nation dooms the former to be the satellite of the latter. Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow citizens) the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.003 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S893 February 22, 2016 
since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy to be useful must be impartial; else it becomes the instru-ment of the very influence to be avoid-ed, instead of a defense against it. Ex-cessive partiality for one foreign na-tion and excessive dislike of another cause those whom they actuate to see danger only on one side, and serve to veil and even second the arts of influ-ence on the other. Real patriots, who may resist the intrigues of the favor-ite, are liable to become suspected and odious, while its tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the peo-ple to surrender their interests. The great rule of conduct for us in re-gard to foreign nations is, in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. So far as we have already formed engagements, let them be ful-filled with perfect good faith. Here let us stop. Europe has a set of primary inter-ests, which to us have none or a very remote relation. Hence she must be en-gaged in frequent controversies, the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns. Hence therefore it must be unwise in us to implicate our-selves, by artificial ties, in the ordi-nary vicissitudes of her politics or the ordinary combinations and collisions of her friendships or enmities. Our detached and distant situation invites and enables us to pursue a dif-ferent course. If we remain one people under an efficient government, the pe-riod is not far off when we may defy material injury from external annoy-ance; when we may take such an atti-tude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time resolve upon to be scrupulously respected; when bellig-erent nations, under the impossibility of making acquisitions upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us provo-cation; when we may choose peace or war, as our interest guided by justice shall counsel. Why forgo the advantages of so pecu-liar a situation? Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition, rival-ship, interest, humor, or caprice? It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances with any portion of the foreign world—so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it, for let me not be understood as capable of pa-tronizing infidelity to existing engage-ments (I hold the maxim no less appli-cable to public than to private affairs, that honesty is always the best pol-icy)—I repeat it therefore, let those en-gagements be observed in their genuine sense. But in my opinion it is unneces-sary and would be unwise to extend them. Taking care always to keep our-selves, by suitable establishments, on a respectably defensive posture, we may safely trust to temporary alliances for extraordinary emergencies. Harmony, liberal intercourse with all nations, are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest. But even our commercial policy should hold an equal and impartial hand: neither seek-ing nor granting exclusive favors or preferences; consulting the natural course of things; diffusing and diversi-fying by gentle means the streams of commerce but forcing nothing; estab-lishing with powers so disposed—in order to give to trade a stable course, to define the rights of our merchants, and to enable the government to sup-port them—conventional rules of inter-course, the best that present cir-cumstances and mutual opinion will permit, but temporary, and liable to be from time to time abandoned or varied, as experience and circumstances shall dictate; constantly keeping in view, that it is folly in one nation to look for disinterested favors from another— that it must pay with a portion of its independence for whatever it may ac-cept under that character—that by such acceptance it may place itself in the condition of having given equiva-lents for nominal favors and yet of being reproached with ingratitude for not giving more. There can be no great-er error than to expect or calculate upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to dis-card. In offering to you, my countrymen, these counsels of an old and affec-tionate friend, I dare not hope they will make the strong and lasting im-pression I could wish—that they will control the usual current of the pas-sions or prevent our nation from run-ning the course which has hitherto marked the destiny of nations. But if I may even flatter myself that they may be productive of some partial benefit, some occasional good, that they may now and then recur to moderate the fury of party spirit, to warn against the mischiefs of foreign intrigue, to guard against the impostures of pre-tended patriotism—this hope will be a full recompense for the solicitude for your welfare by which they have been dictated. How far in the discharge of my offi-cial duties I have been guided by the principles which have been delineated, the public records and other evidences of my conduct must witness to you and to the world. To myself, the assurance of my own conscience is that I have at least believed myself to be guided by them. In relation to the still subsisting war in Europe, my proclamation of the 22d of April 1793 is the index to my plan. Sanctioned by your approving voice and by that of your representatives in both houses of Congress, the spirit of that measure has continually governed me, uninfluenced by any attempts to deter or divert me from it. After deliberate examination with the aid of the best lights I could ob-tain, I was well satisfied that our coun-try, under all the circumstances of the case, had a right to take—and was bound in duty and interest to take—a neutral position. Having taken it, I de-termined, as far as should depend upon me, to maintain it with moderation, perseverence, and firmness. The considerations which respect the right to hold this conduct it is not nec-essary on this occasion to detail. I will only observe that, according to my un-derstanding of the matter, that right, so far from being denied by any of the belligerent powers, has been virtually admitted by all. The duty of holding a neutral con-duct may be inferred, without anything more, from the obligation which jus-tice and humanity impose on every na-tion, in cases in which it is free to act, to maintain inviolate the relations of peace and amity towards other nations. The inducements of interest for ob-serving that conduct will best be re-ferred to your own reflections and ex-perience. With me, a predominant mo-tive has been to endeavor to gain time to our country to settle and mature its yet recent institutions and to progress without interruption to that degree of strength and consistency which is nec-essary to give it, humanly speaking, the command of its own fortunes. Though in reviewing the incidents of my administration I am unconscious of intentional error, I am nevertheless too sensible of my defects not to think it probable that I may have committed many errors. Whatever they may be, I fervently beseech the Almighty to avert or mitigate the evils to which they may tend. I shall also carry with me the hope that my country will never cease to view them with indul-gence and that, after forty-five years of my life dedicated to its service with an upright zeal, the faults of incompetent abilities will be consigned to oblivion, as myself must soon be to the man-sions of rest. Relying on its kindness in this as in other things, and actuated by that fer-vent love towards it which is so nat-ural to a man who views in it the na-tive soil of himself and his progenitors for several generations, I anticipate with pleasing expectation that retreat, in which I promise myself to realize without alloy the sweet enjoyment of partaking in the midst of my fellow citizens the benign influence of good laws under a free government—the ever favorite object of my heart, and the happy reward, as I trust, of our mutual cares, labors and dangers. G
EO. WASHINGTON .U
NITED STATES , 19th September 1796. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.004 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES894 February 22, 2016 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate observe a moment of silence in memory of Justice Antonin Scalia. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (Moment of silence.) 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I wish to say a few words about a tow-ering figure of the Supreme Court who will be missed by many. Antonin Scalia was literally one of a kind. In the eve-nings, he loved nothing more than a night at the opera house. During the day, he often starred in an opus of his own. For most watchers of the Court, even many of Scalia’s most ardent critics, the work he produced was brilliant, en-tertaining, and unmissable. Words had meaning to him. He used them to dis-sect and refute, to amuse and beguile, to challenge and persuade. And even when his arguments didn’t carry the day, his dissents often gathered the most attention anyway. President Obama said that Justice Scalia will be ‘‘remembered as one of the most consequential judges and thinkers to serve on the Supreme Court.’’ I certainly agree. It is amazing that someone who never served as Chief Justice could make such an in-delible impact on our country. He is, in my view, in league with Oliver Wendell Holmes, Louis Brandeis, and John Mar-shall Harlan as perhaps the most sig-nificant Associate Justices ever. I first met him when we both served in the Ford administration’s Justice Department. I was fortunate, as a young man, to be invited to staff meet-ings that featured some of the most in-fluential conservative judicial minds of the time. Robert Bork was there. He was the Solicitor General. Larry Sil-verman was there. He was the Deputy Attorney General. Everyone in the De-partment agreed on two things: One, Antonin Scalia was the funniest lawyer on the staff; and, two, he was the brightest. Scalia was usually the smartest guy in whatever room he chose to walk into. Of course, he didn’t need to tell you he was the smartest. You just knew it. I came back to Washington a few years later as a Senator on the Judici-ary Committee, serving there when Scalia was nominated to the Supreme Court. His views on the Court were strong, and they were clear. Some tried to caricature his judicial conservatism as something it was not. It was not po-litical conservatism. Scalia’s aim was to follow the Con-stitution wherever it took him, even if he disagreed politically with the out-come. We saw that when he voted to uphold the constitutional right of pro-testers to burn the American flag. He upheld their right to do that. This is what he said: ‘‘If it was up to me, I would have thrown this bearded, scan-dal-wearing flag burner into jail, but it was not up to me.’’ It was up to the Constitution. ‘‘If you had to pick . . . one freedom . . . that is the most essential to the functioning of a democracy, it has to be freedom of speech,’’ Scalia once said. He went on: Because democracy means persuading one another. And then, ultimately, voting. . . . You can’t run such a system if there is a muzzling of one point of view. So it’s a fun-damental freedom in a democracy, much more necessary in a democracy than in any other system of government. I guess you can run an effective monarchy without freedom of speech. I don’t think you can run an effec-tive democracy without it. 
Justice Scalia defended the First Amendment rights of those who would express themselves by burning our flag just as he defended the First Amend-ment rights of Americans who wished to express themselves by participating in the changemaking process of our de-mocracy: the right to speak one’s mind, the right to associate freely, the rights of citizens, groups, and can-didates to participate in the political process. Numerous cases involving these kinds of essential First Amendment principles came before the Court dur-ing his tenure. I filed nearly a dozen amicus curiae briefs in related Su-preme Court cases in recent years, and I was the lead plaintiff in a case that challenged the campaign-finance laws back in 2002. These core First Amendment free-doms may not always be popular with some politicians who would rather con-trol the amount, nature, and timing of speech that is critical of them, but Scalia recognized that protecting the citizenry from efforts by the govern-ment to control their speech about issues of public concern was the very purpose of the First Amendment. He knew that such speech—political speech—lay at its very core. It is a constitutional outlook shared by many, including the members of an organization such as the Federalist So-ciety. You could always count on him attending the Society’s annual dinner. One of his five sons, Paul, is a priest, and he always gave an opening prayer. This is what Scalia said about that. 
If in an old-fashioned Catholic family with five sons you don’t get one priest out of it, we’re in big trouble. The other four were very happy when Paul announced that he was going to take one for the team. 
That is the thing about Antonin Scalia. His opinions could bite. His wit could be cutting. But his good humor was always in abundant supply. One study from 2005 concluded decisively— or as decisively as one can—that Scalia was the funniest Justice on the Court. He was also careful not to confuse the philosophical with the personal. I attack ideas. I don’t attack people. If you can’t separate the two, you gotta get an-other day job. 
These qualities endeared him to many who thought very differently than he did—most famously, his philo-sophical opposite on the Court, Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Their friendship began after Ginsburg heard him speak at a law conference. Here is what she said: ‘‘I disagreed with most of what he said,’’ she recalled, ‘‘but I loved the way he said it.’’ Scalia put it this way: 
She likes opera, and she’s a very nice per-son. What’s not to like? 
Well, he continued, ‘‘except her views on the law.’’ Ginsburg called him Nino. Scalia re-ferred to the pair as ‘‘the Odd Couple.’’ They actually vacationed together. They rode elephants. They parasailed. And just a few months ago, their rela-tionship was captured in the perfect medium: opera, their shared love. ‘‘Scalia/Ginsburg: A (Gentle) Parody of Operatic Proportions’’ premiered last summer. In it, a jurist named Scalia is imprisoned for ‘‘excessive dis-senting,’’ and it is none other than Ginsburg, or an actress faintly resem-bling her, who comes crashing through the ceiling to save him. It is the kind of show that is larger than life, and so was Nino Scalia. He leaves behind nine children and a wife who loved him dearly, Maureen. Maureen would sometimes tease her husband that she had her pick of suit-ors and could just as well have married any of them. But she didn’t, he would remind her, because they were wishy- washy, and she would have been bored. ‘‘Whatever my faults are,’’ Scalia once said, ‘‘I am not wishy-washy.’’ Far from wishy-washy and anything but boring, Justice Scalia was an ar-ticulate champion of the Constitution. He was a personality unto himself, and his passing is a significant loss for the Court and for our country. We remem-ber him today. We express our sym-pathies to the large and loving family he leaves behind. We know our country will not soon forget him. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA AND FILLING THE SU-PREME COURT VACANCY Mr. REID. Madam President, we were all shocked by the sudden passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia and I had our dif-ferences. However, there was no doubt-ing his intelligence or dedication to the country. I offer my condolences to the entire Scalia family, who laid to rest a devoted husband, father, and grandfather this weekend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.006 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S895 February 22, 2016 
I watched the funeral from Nevada, and I was deeply impressed with Jus-tice Scalia’s son, Reverend Paul Scalia, and the moving eulogy he gave his fa-ther. It was quite remarkable. But now President Obama must nominate a qualified individual to the Supreme Court. Once the President has sent a nominee to the Senate, it is our responsibility to act. Unfortunately, it appears that the Republican leader and his colleagues have no intension of filling this impor-tant vacancy. The Republican leader has repeatedly declared himself to be ‘‘the proud guardian of gridlock.’’ That is a quote. He has lived up to that mon-iker, and that is an understatement. In recent years, the Republican lead-er and the Republican Senators have done everything possible to grind the wheels of government to a halt. But now we are seeing something from the Republican leader that is far worse than his usual brand of obstruction. We are seeing an unprecedented attempt to hold hostage an entire branch of gov-ernment. The damage already done to the leg-islative branch has been written about. The last 7 years, the Republicans have done everything they can to stop Presi-dent Obama’s legislative ability to move forward. As leader of this democ-racy, it is too bad that President Obama has had to put up with this ob-struction of everything dealing with the legislature. The statement the Republican leader issued less than an hour after Justice Scalia’s death announcement argued that starting now, any President should be denied the right to fill a Su-preme Court vacancy in a Presidential election year. Think about that. This is a foolish gambit, one to deny President Obama his constitutional right to appoint nominees to the Supreme Court. This is a full-blown effort to delegitimize President Obama, the Presidency, and undermine our basic system of checks and balances, which is integral to our Constitution. I can find no limits on the Presi-dent’s legal authority to nominate Su-preme Court Justices during an elec-tion year in our Constitution. I can find no mention of a 3-year Presidency in our Constitution. What I do find in the Constitution is article II, section 2, which clearly provides President Obama with the legal obligation to nominate Justices to the Supreme Court, contingent on the advice and consent of the Senate. This is how our system of govern-ment has operated for more than 200 years. This constitutional prerogative is essential to the basic functioning of our coequal branches of government. What the Republican leader is sug-gesting runs contrary to two centuries of precedent and is inconsistent with the Constitution. Our Founding Fathers constructed this American democracy while main-taining certain assumptions of us as elected officials in the future. They ex-pected us to be rational. They expected us to operate in good faith. They ex-pected this government to be effective. The Republican leader’s proposal is none of those things. It is, instead, an attempt to nullify what James Madi-son and the other constitutional archi-tects envisioned. The Founding Fathers never intended the Senate to simply run out the clock on its constitutional duties, subverting the President’s authority and leaving the judiciary in limbo. The authors of the Constitution never envisioned the level of cynicism and bad-faith govern-ance that we see exhibited by today’s Republican Party—a Republican Party that so loathes this President that it is willing to render useless our govern-ment’s system of checks and balances. Senate Republicans would have the American people believe that is a long- held practice to deny the President the right to fill a Supreme Court vacancy. That is simply not true. I have heard several of my Republican colleagues re-peat this line in public statements. It grieves me to say it, but the fact is, when Republicans repeat this state-ment, they are clearly spreading a falsehood. It is not true. I have enor-mous respect for my Republican friends, but repeatedly skirting the truth is beneath the dignity of their of-fice. According to Amy Howe, an expert on Supreme Court proceedings and edi-tor at the popular SCOTUSblog—the Supreme Court of the United States blog—there is no such precedent. She writes: 
The historical record does not reveal any instances since at least 1900 of the president failing to nominate and/or the Senate failing to confirm a nominee in a presidential elec-tion year because of the impending election. 
There is not one shred of evidence in the last 116 years to back the Repub-licans’ claims. Democrats never stopped a Republican Supreme Court nominee from receiving a hearing and ultimately getting a vote on confirma-tion—never, never, never. Republicans want to talk about precedent. Well, let’s talk about prece-dent. As recently as 1988, which was both an election year and the last year of a Presidency, the Senate confirmed Supreme Court nominees. That year, a Democratic Senate confirmed Presi-dent Ronald Reagan’s nomination of Justice Anthony Kennedy in the final year of his administration. I voted to confirm Justice Kennedy’s nomination, as did my friend, the current chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY . I think it is well that the Presiding Officer today is the junior Senator from Iowa. I hope she will listen to what Senator G
RASSLEY , the senior Senator from Iowa, has said time and time again. Senator G
RASSLEY had no trouble supporting Justice Kennedy’s nomination then, notwithstanding the fact that it occurred during President Reagan’s last year in office. Since that time, the senior Senator from Iowa has been on record defending the Presi-dent’s right to put forward nominees during a Presidential election year. In 2008, in fact, Senator GRASSLEY said: ‘‘The reality is that the Senate has never stopped confirming judicial nominees during the last few months of a president’s term.’’ I will repeat that quote. ‘‘The reality is that the Senate has never stopped confirming judicial nominees during the last few months of a president’s term.’’ I agree with Sen-ator G
RASSLEY —or at least I agreed with him. Frankly, now I am not sure where the senior Senator from Iowa stands. He issues a contradictory state-ment, it seems, every day on this one issue. Another person who voted to confirm Justice Kennedy in 1980 was a first- term Senator from Kentucky, Senator M
CCONNELL . In fact, for 40 years the Republican leader was remarkably con-sistent in asserting that the Senate has a duty to consider the Supreme Court’s Presidential nominations. As a law student at the University of Kentucky, he wrote in 1970: 
Even though the Senate has at various times made purely political decisions in its consideration of Supreme Court nominees, certainly it could not be successfully argued that it is an acceptable practice. If political matters were relevant to sen-atorial consideration it might be suggested that a constitutional amendment be intro-duced giving to the Senate rather than the president the right to nominate Supreme Court justices. 
My friend the Republican leader car-ried that belief with him into public service. As a freshman Senator in 1986, during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, he said: 
Under the Constitution, our duty is to pro-vide advice and consent to judicial nomina-tions, not to substitute our judgment for what are reasonable views for a judicial nominee to hold. 
Again, in 1990, the Senator from Ken-tucky said: 
It is clear under our form of government that the advice and consent role of the Sen-ate in judicial nominations should not be po-liticized. 
In 2005, the Senator from Kentucky reaffirmed his stance, stating: 
Our job is to react to that nomination in a respectful and dignified way, and at the end of the process, to give that person an up-or- down vote as all nominees who have major-ity support have gotten throughout the his-tory of the country. It’s not our job to deter-mine who ought to be picked. 
Finally, just 6 years ago, the Repub-lican leader put it in the simplest terms possible: 
Americans expect politics to end at the courtroom door. 
These are just a few examples, but there are pages of similar quotes from the Republican leader spanning four decades on this subject. Unfortunately, he seems to no longer believe that poli-tics end at the courtroom door. The reason for the Republican leader’s about-face is clear: He and his party want to undermine this President, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.007 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES896 February 22, 2016 
Barack Obama. Senate Republicans would upend our Nation’s system of checks and balances rather than afford President Obama the same constitu-tional authority his 43 predecessors en-joyed. Throughout the news today, it is said by all the Republican think tanks—or a lot of them—that it is more impor-tant for the Republicans to make sure Obama does not get a Supreme Court nominee on the floor of the Senate than it is for them to maintain the ma-jority in the Senate. Think about that. That is not what I am saying; that is what they are saying. A few minutes ago, the junior Sen-ator from Delaware was here on the Senate floor reading George Washing-ton’s Farewell Address. He did a re-markable job. This man, who was the national debate champion twice, did a very good job. In his address, President Washington warned of the partisan party politics that Republicans are now employing. He warned of their negative influence on our government. He said: 
All obstructions to the execution of the laws, all combinations and associations, under whatever plausible character, with the real design to direct, control, counteract or awe the regular deliberation and action of the constituted authorities, are destructive of this fundamental principle, and of fatal tendency. They serve to organize faction, to give it an artificial and extraordinary force; to put, in the place of the delegated will of the nation, the will of a party. 
The American people are watching. They are watching the Republicans’ ob-struction on this issue and the direct contravention of the belief of President George Washington. The vast majority of Americans are wondering how Re-publicans can say the Senate is back to work—we hear that all the time from my friend the Republican leader—while at the same time denying a vote on a nominee who hasn’t even been named yet. I say to my friends across the aisle: For the good of the country, don’t do this. I hope my Republican colleagues will heed the counsel offered by the senior Senator from Iowa and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, C
HARLES GRASS -
LEY, just a few short years ago when he said: 
A Supreme Court nomination isn’t the forum to fight any election. It is the time to perform one of our most important Constitu-tional duties and decide if a nominee is qualified to serve on the nation’s highest court. 
Elections come and go, but the cen-terpiece for our democracy, the U.S. Constitution, should forever remain our foundation. I say to my Senate Republican col-leagues: Do not manipulate our nearly perfect form of government in an effort to appease a radical minority. Madam President, will the Chair an-nounce the business of the day. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, it is my understanding that I can have 40 minutes at this point, and if I don’t have that time, I ask unanimous con-sent for that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I rise today to pay tribute to Associate Justice Scalia of the Supreme Court. His recent death is a tremendous loss to the Court and the Nation. He was a defender of the Constitu-tion. Since his death, a wide range of commentators—even many who dis-agreed with him on judicial philos-ophy—have hailed him as one of the greatest Supreme Court Justices in our history. Justice Scalia was a tireless defender of constitutional freedom. In so many cases when the Court was di-vided, he sided with litigants who raised claims under the Bill of Rights. This was a manifestation of his view that the Constitution should be inter-preted according to the text and as it was originally understood. The Framers believed that the Con-stitution was adopted to protect indi-vidual liberty, and, of course, so did Justice Scalia. He was a strong be-liever in free speech and freedom of re-ligion. He upheld many claims of con-stitutional rights by criminal defend-ants, including search and seizure, jury trials, and the right of the accused to confront the witnesses against them. Justice Scalia’s memorable opinions also recognize the importance the Framers placed on the Constitution’s checks and balances to safeguard indi-vidual liberty. Their preferred protec-tion of freedom was not through litiga-tion and the Court’s imperfect after- the-fact redress for liberty deprived. Justice Scalia zealously protected the prerogatives of each branch of gov-ernment and the division of powers be-tween Federal and State authorities so that none would be so strong as to pose a danger to freedom. We are all saddened by the recent death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. I extend my sym-pathies to his family. His death is a great loss to the Nation. This is true for so many reasons. Jus-tice Scalia changed legal discourse in this country. He focused legal argu-ment on text and original under-standing, rather than a judge’s own views of changing times. He was a clear thinker. His judicial opinions and other writings were insightful, witty, and un-mistakably his own. Even those who disagreed with him have acknowledged he was one of the greatest Justices ever to serve on the Supreme Court. Today I would like to address a com-mon misconception about Justice Scalia, one that couldn’t be further from the truth. Some press stories have made the astounding claim that Justice Scalia interpreted individual liberties narrowly. This is absolutely untrue. It’s important to show how many times Justice Scalia was part of a 5-to- 4 majority that upheld or even ex-panded individual rights. If someone other than Justice Scalia had served on the Court, individual lib-erty would have paid the price. The first time Justice Scalia played, such a pivotal role for liberty was in a Takings clause case under the Fifth Amendment. He ruled that when a State imposes a condition on a land use permit, the government must show a close connection between the impact of the construction and the permit condi-tion. Even though I disagreed, he ruled that the First Amendment’s Free Speech clause prohibits the States or the Federal Government from crim-inalizing burning of the flag. Congress cannot, he concluded, claim power under the Commerce clause to criminalize an individual’s ownership of a firearm in a gun-free school zone. Justice Scalia was part of a five- member majority that held that under the Free Speech clause, a public uni-versity cannot refuse to allocate a share of student activity funds to reli-gious publications when it provides funds to secular publications. He found the Tenth Amendment pro-hibits Congress from commandeering State and local officials to enforce Fed-eral laws. The Court, in a 5-to-4 ruling includ-ing Justice Scalia, concluded that it didn’t violate the First Amendment’s Establishment of Religion clause for public school teachers to teach secular subjects in parochial schools, as long as there is no excessive entanglement between the State and the religious in-stitution. Justice Scalia believed that the Sixth Amendment right to a jury trial requires certain sentencing factors be charged in the indictment and sub-mitted to a jury for it to decide, rather than a judge. He concluded with four other Jus-tices that the First Amendment’s free-dom of association allowed the Boy Scouts to exclude from its membership individuals who’d affect the ability of the group to advocate public or private views. Showing that original intent can’t be lampooned for failing to take techno-logical changes into account, Justice Scalia wrote the Court’s majority opin-ion holding that under the Fourth Amendment, police can’t use thermal imaging technology or other tech-nology not otherwise available to the general public for surveillance of a per-son’s house, even without physical entry, without a warrant. He decided that notwithstanding the Establishment clause, a broad class of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.011 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S897 February 22, 2016 
low-income parents may receive public school vouchers to defray the costs of their children’s attendance at private schools of their choice, including reli-gious schools. He voted to strike down as a viola-tion of the Sixth Amendment’s right to a jury trial Federal and State sen-tencing guidelines that permit judges rather than juries to determine the facts permitting a sentence to be lengthened beyond what is otherwise permissible. Justice Scalia found placing the Ten Commandments on the Texas State House grounds doesn’t violate the First Amendment’s Establishment clause when the monument was considered in context, and conveyed a historical and social message rather than a religious one. He was part of a 5-to-4 Court that concluded the denial of a criminal de-fendant’s Sixth Amendment right to his counsel of choice, not only denial of counsel generally, automatically re-quires reversal of his conviction. He wrote for a 5- to-4 majority that the Second Amendment protects an in-dividual’s right to possess a firearm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home, in Fed-eral enclaves such as Washington, DC. A later 5-to-4 decision applies this indi-vidual Second Amendment right against State interference as well. According to Justice Scalia and four other Justices, a warrantless search of an automobile of a person who has been put under arrest is permissible under the Fourth Amendment only if there is a continuing threat to officer safety, or there is a need to preserve evidence. Justice Scalia also voted that it is a violation of the Sixth Amendment right of the accused to confront the witnesses against him for the prosecu-tion to use a drug test report without the live testimony of the particular person who performed the test. He was part of a 5-to-4 majority that found that the First Amendment re-quires that corporations, including nonprofit corporations such as the Si-erra Club and the National Rifle Asso-ciation, are free to make unlimited independent campaign expenditures. And under the Free Exercise of Reli-gion clause, according to Justice Scalia and four other Justices, a close-ly held corporation is exempt from a law that its owners religiously object to, such as ObamaCare’s contraception mandate, if there is a less restrictive way to advance the law’s interests. Think about the liberty lost, had Justice Scalia not served our Nation. A different Justice might have ruled against individual liberty in each of these cases. It is a frightening pros-pect. But in each instance, that is what four of Justice Scalia’s colleagues would have done. Of course, these are only the 5-to-4 opinions. There were many others where Justice Scalia ruled in favor of constitutional liberty, and more than four other Justices joined him. And then there were other decisions where Justice Scalia voted to accept the claim of individual liberty, but a majority of the Court didn’t. Some of those cases unquestionably should’ve come out the other way. When considering Justice Scalia’s contribution to individual liberty, it’s vital to consider his great insight that the Bill of Rights are not the most im-portant part of the Constitution in pro-tecting freedom. For him, as for the Framers of the Constitution, it is the structural provi-sions of the Constitution, the checks and balances and the separation of powers that are most protective of lib-erty. These were made part of the Con-stitution not as ends unto themselves, or as the basis to bring lawsuits after rights were threatened, but as ways to prevent government from encroaching on individual freedom in the first place. For instance, Justice Scalia pro-tected the vertical separation of pow-ers that is federalism. Federalism keeps decisions closer to the people but also ensures we have a unified nation. And it prevents a Federal govern-ment from overstepping its bounds in ways that threaten freedom. He also maintained the horizontal separation of powers through strong support of the checks and balances in the Constitution. He defended the power of Congress against Executive encroachment, such as in the recess ap-pointments case. Justice Scalia protected the judici-ary against legislative infringement of its powers. He defended the Executive against legislative usurpation as well. The best example, and the one that most directly shows the connection be-tween the separation of powers and in-dividual freedom, was his solo dissent to the Court’s upholding of the Inde-pendent Counsel Act. Contrary to the overwhelming views of the public, the media, and politi-cians at the time, Justice Scalia cor-rectly viewed that statute not as a wolf in sheep’s clothing, but as an actual wolf. Dismissively rejected in 1988 by near-ly all observers, his dissent understood that the creation of a prosecutor for the sole purpose of investigating indi-viduals rather than crimes not only was a threat to the Executive’s power to prosecute, but was destined to produce unfair prosecutions. It’s now viewed as one of the most in-sightful, well-reasoned, farsighted, and greatest dissents in the Court’s his-tory. But his powerful and true argu-ments didn’t convince a single col-league to join him. As important as his 5-to-4 rulings were, in so many ways, the difference between having Justice Scalia on the Court and not having him there, was what that meant for rigorous analysis of the law. Justice Scalia’s role as a textualist and an originalist was vital to his vot-ing so frequently in favor of constitu-tional liberties. He reached conclusions supported by law whether they were popular or not, and often whether he agreed with them or not. He opposed flag burning. And he didn’t want to prevent the police from arresting dangerous criminals or make trials even more complicated and cum-bersome. He acted in the highest traditions of the Constitution and our judiciary. We all owe him a debt of gratitude. And we all should give serious thought to the kind of judging that, like his, is necessary to preserve our freedoms and our constitutional order. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, we find ourselves in a very unusual sit-uation. We are in a Presidential elec-tion year. The campaign for our next Commander in Chief is in full swing. Voting has begun. Some candidates for President have dropped out of the race after disappointing finishes in the pri-maries. Republicans hold the gavel in the U.S. Senate, and a term-limited Democrat in the twilight of his Presi-dency occupies the White House. It is within this context that our Nation has lost one of the greatest legal minds ever to serve the Court. Justice Scalia’s death marks the first time a sitting Supreme Court Justice passed away in a Presidential election year in 100 years, and it is the first time a sitting Supreme Court Justice passed away in a Presidential election year during a divided government since 1888. As my colleagues and I grapple with how the Senate Judiciary Committee should approach this set of cir-cumstances, we seek guidance and wis-dom from a number of sources. These include history, practice, and common sense, and, yes, we look to what former committee chairmen have had to say on the subject. In reviewing this his-tory, I am reminded of remarks a former chairman delivered during an election year. That former chairman tackled this knotty problem, and he described what should happen if a Su-preme Court vacancy arises during a Presidential election year. In fact, this chairman’s guidance is particularly in-structive because he delivered his re-marks in a Presidential election year during a time of divided government. The Presidential election year was 1992. We had no Supreme Court va-cancy. No Justice had passed away un-expectedly. No Justice had announced his or her intention to retire. Rather, it was the fear of an unexpected res-ignation that drove this former chair-man to the Senate floor 1 day before the end of the Court’s term. Near the beginning of his lengthy re-marks, this chairman—who was and re-mains my friend—noted another speech he delivered several years prior on the advice and consent clause. That speech, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.006 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES898 February 22, 2016 
from July 1987, was titled ‘‘The Right and Duty of the Senate to Protect the Integrity of the Supreme Court.’’ This chairman delivered those remarks in 1987 as the Senate embarked on one of its saddest episodes: the unfair and ugly treatment of an exceptional ju-rist, Judge Robert Bork. I don’t reference that episode to open old wounds, only to provide context be-cause it was in that speech during the debate that this former chairman de-fended the Senate’s constitutional role in the appointment process. It was there in that speech during that debate in 1987 that this former chairman reached back to an early debate from an especially warm summer in Phila-delphia 200 years prior. He reached back to the Constitutional Convention because it was then and there that in-dividuals such as Rutledge of South Carolina, Wilson of Pennsylvania, Gohram of Massachusetts, and, of course, the father of the Constitution, Madison of Virginia, debated how our young Nation’s judges were going to be appointed. It was his examination of the debate in 1787 that led this former chairman to declare 200 years later, nearly to the day: 
Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution clearly states that the president ‘‘shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . judges of the Supreme Court.’’ I will argue that the framers intended the Senate to take the broadest view of its constitutional re-sponsibility. I will argue that the Senate his-torically has taken such a view. 
That discussion on the advice and consent clause transpired in 1987, but, as I said, it was during a Presidential election year in 1992 that my friend, this former chairman, took to this very floor. Why did he begin his remarks in 1992 by reference to an earlier speech on the advice and consent clause? I will say it wasn’t only because Senators sometimes like to quote the wise words they once spoke. My friend referenced his own remarks on the advice and con-sent clause because he wanted to re-mind his colleagues in this Senate of this Senate’s constitutional authority to provide or withhold consent as cir-cumstances might require. And he wanted to remind his colleagues of the Senate’s constitutional authority be-fore he addressed the real reason he rose to speak in 1992: the prospect of a Supreme Court vacancy in a Presi-dential election year. After discussing confirmation de-bates that had not occurred in Presi-dential election years, my friend turned to some of those who had: 
Some of our nation’s most bitter and heat-ed confirmation fights have come in presi-dential election years. The bruising con-firmation fight over Roger Taney’s nomina-tion in 1836; the Senate’s refusal to confirm four nominations by President Tyler in 1844; the single vote rejections of nominees Badg-er and Black by lameduck Presidents Fill-more and Buchanan, in the mid-19th century; and the narrow approval of Justices Lamar and Fuller in 1888 are just some examples of these fights in the 19th century. 
This former chairman continued: Overall, while only one in four Supreme Court nominations has been the subject of significant opposition, the figure rises to one out of two when such nominations are acted on in a presidential election year. 
This former chairman then outlined some additional history of Supreme Court nominations in Presidential election years. He emphasized that in four vacancies that arose during a Presidential election year, the Presi-dent exercised restraint and withheld from making a nomination until after the election. One of those Presidents was Abraham Lincoln. Ironically, like President Obama, our 16th President was a lawyer and called Illinois home. But unlike our current President, Abraham Lincoln didn’t feel compelled to submit a nomination be-fore the people had spoken in Novem-ber of 1864. Eventually, my friend got to the heart of the matter during election year 1992: 
Should a justice resign this summer and the President move to name a successor, ac-tions that will occur just days before the Democratic Convention and weeks before the Republican Convention meets, a process that is already in doubt in the minds of many will become distrusted by all. Senate consider-ation of a nominee under these cir-cumstances is not fair to the president, to the nominee, and to the Senate itself. 
My friend went on to say: 
It is my view that if a Supreme Court jus-tice resigns tomorrow, or within the next several weeks, or resigns at the end of the summer, President Bush should consider fol-lowing the practice of a majority of his pred-ecessors and not name a nominee until after the November election is completed. 
And what is the Senate to do if a President ignores history, ignores good sense, ignores the people, and submits a nominee under these circumstances? Here again my good friend, the former chairman, had an answer: 
It is my view that if the President goes the way of Presidents Fillmore and Johnson and presses an election-year nomination, the Senate Judiciary Committee should seri-ously consider not scheduling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the political campaign season is over. 
Well, what of the likely criticisms that will be lobbed at the Judiciary Committee and at the entire Senate if they were to choose this path of not holding a hearing? My friend, the former chairman, con-tinued: 
I am sure, Mr. President, having uttered these words, some will criticize such a deci-sion and say it was nothing more than an at-tempt to save the seat on the Court in the hopes that a Democrat will be permitted to fill it, but that would not be our intention, Mr. President, if that were the course to choose in the Senate, to not consider holding hearings until after the election. 
Continuing to quote: 
Instead, it would be our pragmatic conclu-sion that once the political season is under way . . . action on a Supreme Court nomina-tion must be put off until after the election campaign is over. That is what is fair to the nominee and is central to the process. Other-wise, it seems to me, Mr. President, we will be in deep trouble as an institution. But won’t that impact the Court? Can it function with eight members for some time? Won’t it create ‘‘crisis’’? Not remotely. My friend considered this issue as well and appropriately dis-missed it: 
Others may fret that this approach will leave the Court with only eight members for some time. But as I see it, Mr. President, the cost[s] of such a result, the need to re-argue three or four cases that will divide the Jus-tices four to four, are quite minor compared to the cost that a nominee, the President, the Senate, and the Nation would have to pay for what assuredly would be a bitter fight, no matter how good a person is nomi-nated by the President, if that nomination were to take place in the next several weeks. 
‘‘In the next several weeks’’ refers to sometime between June and November of 1992. I want to read this part again: 
Others may fret that this approach will leave the Court with only eight members for some time. But . . . the cost[s] of such a re-sult . . . are quite minor compared to the cost that a nominee, the President, the Sen-ate, and the Nation would have to pay for what assuredly would be a bitter fight, no matter how good a person is nominated by the President. 
That is very well said. This former chairman is eloquent, where I happen to be very plainspoken. I would put it this way: It is the principle that mat-ters, not the person. My friend concluded this section of his remarks this way: 
In the end, this may be the only course of action that historical practice and practical realism can sustain. 
I think probably everybody kind of knows these are the Biden rules. The Biden rules recognize that ‘‘the framers intended the Senate to take the broadest view of its constitutional responsibility.’’ The Biden rules recognize the wisdom of those Presidents—including another lawyer and former State lawmaker from Illinois—who exercised restraint by not submitting a Supreme Court nomination before the people had spo-ken. The Biden rules recognize that the Court can operate smoothly with eight members for some time, and ‘‘the cost of such a result, the need to re-argue three or four cases that will divide the Justices four to four, are quite minor compared to the cost that a nominee, the President, the Senate, and the Na-tion would have to pay for what as-suredly would be a bitter fight.’’ The Biden rules recognize that under these circumstances, ‘‘[the President] should consider following the practice of a majority of his predecessors and not name a nominee until after the No-vember election is completed.’’ The President he is referring to there is President George H.W. Bush. The Biden rules recognize that under these circumstances, ‘‘[it does not] matter how good a person is nominated by the President.’’ The Biden rules recognize that ‘‘once the political season is under way . . . action on a Supreme Court nomination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.014 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S899 February 22, 2016 
must be put off until after the election campaign is over. That is what is fair to the nominee and is central to the process.’’ The Biden rules recognize that ‘‘Sen-ate consideration of a nominee under these circumstances is not fair to the President, to the nominee, or to the Senate itself.’’ The Biden rules recognize that under these circumstances, ‘‘the Senate Judi-ciary Committee should seriously con-sider not scheduling confirmation hear-ings on the nomination until after the political campaign season is over.’’ Vice President B
IDEN is a friend, as I said three or four times during my re-marks, and I say it with the utmost sincerity. I served with him in this body and on the Judiciary Committee for nearly 30 years. He is honorable, he is sincere, and he is loyal to the Presi-dent he now serves. Because I know these things about him, I can say with confidence that he will enthusiasti-cally support the President and any nominee he submits to the Senate, but I also know this about Vice President B
IDEN: He may serve as Vice President, but he remains a U.S. Senator. That is why when he rose to speak in this Sen-ate Chamber for the last time, he shared this with his colleagues: 
I may be resigning from the Senate today, but I will always be a Senate man. Except for the title of ‘‘father,’’ there is no title, in-cluding ‘‘Vice President,’’ that I am more proud to wear than that of United States Senator. 
If the President of the United States insists on submitting a nominee under these circumstances, Senator B
IDEN, my friend from Delaware, the man who sat at a desk across the aisle and at the back of this Chamber for more than 35 years, knows what the Senate should do, and I believe in his heart of hearts he understands why this Senate must do what he said it must do in 1992. I yield the floor and give back the re-mainder of my time. 
f 
NOMINATION OF ROBERT CALIFF Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, drug overdose deaths, driven largely by prescription painkillers, continue to outpace the number of fatalities from traffic accidents in Kentucky. While I recognize the need to protect legiti-mate patient access to prescription painkillers, the FDA must do more to help us fight back in the midst of to-day’s prescription-opioid epidemic. The FDA plays a leading role in ad-dressing this epidemic through its drug approval process, in which it is re-quired by Federal law to ensure the safety and effectiveness of all drugs. However, the FDA has been rightly criticized for not recognizing the sever-ity of this significant problem and for not taking greater action to address it. Over the years, I have heard from many Kentuckians concerned about FDA’s lax attitude in this area, with many of the belief that the agency sim-ply has not taken its role in fighting the prescription opioid epidemic seri-ously. To try and push the FDA in the right direction, I contacted the agency in both 2012 and 2013 to warn of the prob-lems with allowing generic, crushable opioids to be made available without the introduction of abuse-deterrent features. As a result, the FDA an-nounced in April 2013 that it had de-cided to prohibit a generic version of a certain opioid that lacked abuse-deter-rent features. I also cosponsored a measure in the last Congress that aimed to push the FDA to encourage the development and use of abuse-deterrent formulations of prescription opioids, which make them harder to crush and abuse. Additionally, I joined more than 20 Senate and House Members last Octo-ber in a letter to OMB’s Administrator of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Howard Shelanski. We urged him to help us tackle the prescription-drug abuse epidemic by taking down bar-riers in the Medicaid repayment sys-tem that actually discourage manufac-turers from developing the very same abuse-deterrent formulations that I have been pushing the FDA to encour-age. I recently met with Dr. Robert Califf, the FDA Commissioner nominee we will consider this evening. We had a productive meeting in which I ex-pressed my concerns about the agen-cy’s past insensitivity to the opioid cri-sis, along with my desire to see the FDA play a more prominent role in ad-dressing this prescription-opioid epi-demic. Dr. Califf shared his proposed plan to reassess the agency’s approach to ap-proving and regulating prescription painkillers. Dr. Califf also acknowl-edged that a cultural shift will be need-ed within the FDA if the potential for addiction and abuse of prescription opioids is to be taken more seriously. He assured me that, as head of this im-portant agency, he would be the kind of leader our country needs when it comes to confronting this growing epi-demic. I believe Dr. Califf understands the dire nature of the opioid epidemic, and accordingly, I believe he is today the right person to lead the FDA in a new direction. That said, confirming Dr. Califf will be just the beginning of a much longer and enduring effort on ev-eryone’s part; he and the FDA should expect continued rigorous oversight in the way the agency deals with prescrip-tion opioids moving forward. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the Senate will consider the nomination of Dr. Robert Califf to head the Food and Drug Administration. For too long, the FDA has been without a Senate-con-firmed commissioner, and, given the scope and reach of the agency, action on Dr. Califf’s nomination is welcomed. After speaking with him and carefully reviewing his record, I have decided to support this nomination. Consumers depend on the FDA to en-sure that food, medicine, and products sold in this country are safe. The agen-cy has oversight of one-quarter of all consumer goods sold in the United States, including nearly $1 trillion in foods, drugs, medical devices, cos-metics, and supplements. The Commis-sioner must supervise this critical work with independence from outside influence. Some Senators have raised concerns about Dr. Califf’s record as a researcher who worked closely with drug companies and have questioned his ability to make decisions free from the influence of the multibillion dollar pharmaceutical industry. After speak-ing with Dr. Califf and reviewing his record, I believe that he will conduct himself with integrity and in the best interest of the public. While the head of the FDA must be an independent voice, we should not discount the benefits having a Senate- confirmed Commissioner who under-stands the importance of medical re-search and the potential to advance lifesaving treatments. Under Dr. Califf’s leadership, the Duke Clinical Research Institute made advances in drugs that dissolve blood clots, cut the risk of heart attacks and strokes, and lower cholesterol. As director of the Duke Translational Medicine Institute, Dr. Califf worked closely with the Na-tional Institutes of Health, the FDA, and the Institute of Medicine to help ensure scientific discoveries are trans-lated into usable treatments. I believe that Dr. Califf’s understanding of the importance of research in promoting lifesaving treatments and his ability to navigate potential conflicts that can arise with drug-industry funded re-search will be an asset to him as the leader of the FDA. Dr. Califf and I also discussed other issues of importance before the FDA, including the labeling of generic drugs. For several years, I have led a group of nearly 40 Democrats in Congress in pressing the FDA to require generic drug manufacturers to update their safety labeling, instead of simply mir-roring the brand companies’ warnings, as they do now. Generics fill over 80 percent of prescriptions, but injured patients have no remedy against them if their product is mislabeled. Patients who are injured by a brand-name drug can seek justice, but they have no rem-edy if, like countless Americans, the drug that injures them is a generic. All drug manufacturers should be required to improve the warning information they give to doctors and consumers. Americans have waited 3 years for the FDA to finalize their rule regarding the labeling of generics, and I intend to continue to urge the FDA, and Dr. Califf if he is confirmed, to move for-ward on this critical issue. The next Commissioner of the FDA must also work to promote safer alter-natives to powerful prescription pain-killers and to remove from the market older, less safe drugs. Dr. Califf and I discussed the FDA’s recent announce-ment to expand access to abuse-deter-rent formulations of these powerful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.015 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES900 February 22, 2016 
drugs to help address the opioid epi-demic in this country. While it is a step in the right direction, the FDA can and must do more. I appreciate Dr. Califf’s commitment to redouble the agency’s efforts in combatting this issue, while working closely with other governmental agencies that can over-see the prescribing of these drugs. I ex-pect to work closely with the agency on this issue and will continue to press Dr. Califf to take action in this area. I hope that the FDA will also recog-nize the significant concerns that I and others in Vermont and other maple producing States have for the harm being done to maple sugar producers’ income as a result of potentially false and misleading labeling of products that contain neither maple syrup nor real maple flavor. I recently meet with sugarmakers in Vermont who are ask-ing for a strong and thorough inves-tigation into possibly misrepresentative labeling of food products whose labels incorrectly indi-cate the presence of maple syrup and request appropriate enforcement ac-tion where warranted. The tradition of sugaring is significant not only to our cultural heritage in Vermont and throughout New England, but to our ef-forts to strengthen the working land-scape and local agriculture in rural parts of our States. Vermont’s cheese industry, particu-larly raw milk cheese producers, have also raised concerns about FDA over-reach. While I fully support the FDA’s efforts to ensure the safety of our Na-tions’ food supply, I believe that stand-ards set by the FDA must be scientif-ically based and must address a known threat to public health. There have been some positive steps forward, and the FDA has recently met with these producers, agreeing to hand over the FDA’s data on the standards they had set. I hope that progress continues, and I look forward to hearing how these discussions and data sharing is going. We know that food safety will also be high on the priority list for the FDA as it works to implement the Food Safety Modernization Act, FSMA. A landmark piece of legislation, FSMA was passed in 2011 to ensure the production of safe foods; yet the farmers and processors in Vermont and across the country are in need of science-based, clear tech-nical assistance to aid in their compli-ance with this new set of rules. I was proud to learn recently that the Uni-versity of Vermont was recently cho-sen to lead the Northeast Center to Ad-vance Food Safety. This new collabora-tion will advance understanding and practice of improved food safety among the region’s small and medium-sized produce growers and processors as they learn to comply with these new com-plex food safety standards. The FDA has been without a Com-missioner for nearly a year and with no shortage of issues to address. I am pleased the Senate is moving one step closer to filling this position with to-night’s vote. I look forward to working with Dr. Califf on the many pressing issues before the FDA. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, today we are about to begin consider-ation of the nomination of Dr. Robert Califf to lead the Food and Drug Ad-ministration. This is a historic time at that agency. It has a record which is not enviable in terms of the way in which it has been dealing with the opioid prescription drug epidemic in our country. I want to give just a very brief his-tory of what has been happening on that issue. About 20 years ago, the FDA was asked to approve OxyContin— which is just a shortened form of oxycodone—continuously going into the bloodstreams of Americans. Purdue Pharma represented that this would be a safer way of having prescription opioids go into the American medical system. Nothing could have been fur-ther from the truth because oxycodone—the material inside of OxyContin—is molecularly very simi-lar to heroin. So when one has a bottle of OxyContin or oxycodone continuously in your cabinet—30 pills, 60 pills or more—you are talking about having a bottle in your medicine cabinet that is very close to being heroin. Now if someone said to you that your child or family member is now taking some-thing that is very close to heroin, that would have a profound impact on you— but that is never quite explained to the American public. That is something that was not understood at the time because Purdue Pharmaceutical com-pany was representing that it was safe to take OxyContin. It turned out that was not the case. Today we have an epidemic in the United States. More than 30,000 people in 2014 died from this prescription drug heroin epidemic which is ravaging our country. This is a dramatic increase from 1996, when we really didn’t even talk about it in our country. More than 30,000 people died in 2014. The number most likely was much higher last year. The number, most likely, will be even higher this year as well. Here is the story—80 percent of all people who are dying in the United States from heroin overdoses started on prescription opioids. Eighty percent of all people who died in 2014 from heroin overdoses started on prescription opioid pain-killers. So the pathway into this her-oin epidemic is quite clear. It is the Food and Drug Administration approv-ing these new prescription opioid pills without the proper safeguards having been put in place to ensure that it doesn’t make the problem worse rather than improving the problem. That is why the debate on Dr. Robert Califf is so important. The Food and Drug Administration is saying they will not empanel expert advisory pan-els to review the approval of each one of the new prescription opiates that are in the pipeline right now at the FDA. What is the evidence that will cause big problems? Well, back in 2012 the FDA had to consider Zohydro. Zohydro was a new prescription pain opioid. They empaneled a group of advisers— experts—to look at the drug. By 11 to 2, the expert advisory panel said: No, do not approve this new drug, unless we establish a whole new system or stand-ard in America for addiction, abuse, for diversion of these drugs. Don’t do it. The FDA ignored the advisory panel and approved Zohydro, with experts all across America attacking the FDA for not understanding how fundamentally the culture in our country had changed since 1996 with the first approval of OxyContin. Moving forward, the FDA decided it would not empanel expert advisory panels at all because they knew most likely they would vote no. So on new drugs such as Hysingla or Targiniq, there were no advisory panels at all be-cause it was said by those companies that there are abuse deterrents that are inside those new opioids. What does that mean? Abuse deter-rent is basically going to the issue of whether that new pill—that new drug— can be crushed to be used for purposes other than what is intended, which is to be a painkiller. However, if the indi-vidual just continues to take the pills in the bottle as they are prescribed and they do it on a continuous basis, they run a high risk of becoming addicted. The warning went out from all of these outside groups that expert advi-sory panels were needed. The FDA ig-nored them. Then we hit August of 2015. Believe it or not, Purdue Pharma wanted to get approval for 11- to 16- year-olds to have OxyContin. Remem-ber, this is heroin equivalent. This would go to 11- to 16-year-olds. What they decided to do was to not have any advisory panel at all on that issue in August of 2015. This is despite the fact that it was controversial, that it had tremendous social impact on our soci-ety, and that the FDA’s own guidance says that expert advisory panels are needed on drugs of that nature when pediatric dosing or child prescribing is in question. The FDA just ignored it. I put my hold on Dr. Califf’s nomina-tion. Senator M
ANCHIN put his hold. We are raising this issue. We are saying to the FDA that we need advisory panels. We need a change of culture at the FDA. This just cannot continue. The FDA said they would look at it. The FDA said they would study it. Then the FDA announced 2 weeks ago that there would be no advisory panels for any of the new opioids which are in the pipeline over at the FDA because they are ‘‘abuse deterrent.’’ Abuse de-terrent is an oxymoron. It is a con-tradiction in terms. It is like jumbo shrimp. There is no such thing as an abuse deterrent inside of a bottle of pills that have the same molecular constitution as heroin, especially if we are talking about giving it to kids age 11 to 16 in our society. By the way, if you want to know why there has been a spike in the number of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.027 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S901 February 22, 2016 
breaking-and-entering crimes in peo-ple’s homes, with people breaking in and looking for these bottles of pills, I will tell you why. Each one of these pills can be worth upward of $80 apiece on the streets of America. Hear that number? For a bottle of 60 with 80 mil-ligrams is worth between $4,000 and $5,000 on the streets of America. That is why they want to break into your house. They don’t take the TV. They are looking for that bottle of medicine because that is how much it is worth. That is how much they can sell it for. When do we begin to get real about the fact that it is a bottle of heroin- equivalent in people’s homes? Ultimately, when all their prescrip-tions are finished off and they can’t get it anymore from the doctor, they wind up with heroin at $5 a bag in the street. So America, it doesn’t matter which community in America we are talking about. It can be Boston, West Virginia, Kentucky, California, it is all the same story, the same pathway in, for 80 per-cent of all those who overdose on her-oin in our society. They are still look-ing for that heroin-like experience. So we have a big issue that the FDA is not responding to, which is why I don’t believe Dr. Califf should be con-firmed until we have a change at the FDA, and they are not going to do it. We have to make sure they understand it is a coalition of pharmaceutical companies and physicians which have created this epidemic in our country. We are reaching a point where we are going to have a Vietnam war equiva-lent of people dying every single year inside of the United States on an issue created largely by the pharmaceutical and physician community in our soci-ety. So when do we start getting real about it? When do we start having a re-ality check, that while we are 5 percent of the world’s population here in the United States, we consume 80 percent of all of the prescription painkillers in the world? Mix well, wait 20 years, and a pandemic has broken out across our country. The FDA has a responsibility to en-sure that we put the protections in place, that the warnings are there, that the dosage is correct, and that the pre-ventive measures are used to reduce dramatically the number of families who are going to be devastated by this issue. When people have back pains, when people have issues other than the most life threatening, we have to begin to discuss how long we want these people to be on something that has the same molecular constitution as heroin. It is a big issue. Lower back pain, broken legs—there is perhaps a greater danger from the prescribing than there is from the actual underlying injury in terms of the long-term consequences for these families. We have to have this discussion in our country. We have to have the kind of discussion that says that heroin overdoses in our country have quad-rupled in the last 14 years—quad-rupled—and 80 percent of it started with prescription opioids. We have to have this discussion. Dr. Califf has been nominated as the new head of the FDA. They are not going to change business as usual at the FDA. They are not going to do it. They have already announced it. They don’t want to hear from experts. Their slogan at the FDA is no experts need apply to come in and give advice to the pharmaceutical companies and to the FDA. No warnings are needed from anyone with regard to what this indus-try has been doing to our country and what the FDA has been approving. So this issue is one that absolutely is at the top of the list of the things we have to deal with in our country. Last year, the Food and Drug Admin-istration, the agency that actually ap-proves how much of this opioid pain-killer can be sold in—and the way the system works is individual companies go to the Food and Drug Administra-tion, tell them how much they want to have approved, and then the FDA never tells the rest of the world how much they allowed each company to, in fact, manufacture in terms of the painkiller, the opioid. They give an aggregate number, but they never tell you how much each company got approved. What I would like people to do in their minds right now is to think for a moment how many prescription opioid pain pills—equivalent in oxycodone, other opioids—were approved by the Food and Drug Administration last year. Just pick a number. How many pills total? Do you have a number in your head? I am going to give you the answer: 14 billion. Can I repeat that? There were 14 billion prescription opioid pills approved for a country of 300 million. That is a bottle for every single adult—a bottle, again I tell you—with the material that has the molecular equivalency of heroin inside the cabinets of people inside the United States of America. This has to stop. It has to end. I un-derstand it is a good business model for the companies manufacturing these things, but it is not good for America, and it is not good for the families in our country. The FDA has to stop them. That is why Senator M
ANCHIN , Senator B
LUMENTHAL , and others who are going to be speaking on this issue— we don’t think Dr. Califf should be ap-proved until they change business as usual, until they make a commitment that they are going to change business as usual at the Food and Drug Admin-istration. They are supposed to be the guardian of our public health. They are supposed to be the arbiters of what is safe for Americans to consume, but they have not been doing the job. I am not talking about 1996 anymore; I am talking about 2015 and 2016. I am talk-ing about right now with the evidence of this national tragedy manifesting itself in every community in our coun-try. The least that the Senate should be able to say is that it tried, really tried, to deal with this issue that has been created by the pharmaceutical and the physician community. It will not be enough to say that we are going to au-thorize $1.1 billion for treatment, al-though we need treatment because there are millions of people who are going to need it in our society. We have to go back to the root causes of this problem, this flood of drugs that have gone into this society, the lack of prescribing education that physicians have to undergo. The FDA indicates that only 10 percent of physi-cians in America voluntarily even get educated with regard to what are the consequences of having a bottle of mo-lecularly similar heroin pills to be put inside the cabinets of Americans—10 percent of physicians. That is just plain wrong, ladies and gentlemen. We have to make sure that the education is there for the physicians who need it. We have to make sure that the phar-maceutical companies do not get per-mission to be able to get these new pills approved until there is a new standard for abuse, a new standard for addiction, a new standard for the diver-sion of these pills, a new standard for what abuse deterrent means because right now, again, it is a contradiction in terms. You can still get addicted by taking an Oxy or a Percocet over and over again, day by day. You are going to get just as addicted. It is not an abuse de-terrent if that is how you are going to be taking it. You still wind up with the same problem. We need to get real here. There is no bigger issue in our country. There is no more profound change that has taken place on the streets of our country. When it increases by fourfold in just 14 years, what is on the horizon for our society if we don’t put an end to it? Working with other Senators, I in-tend to continue to explain this prob-lem to other Members. I could not have a better partner than the Senator from Connecticut, Senator BLUMENTHAL , who as attorney general in the State of Connecticut and now as a Senator has focused laserlike on this issue. We are both committed to making sure that education of physicians becomes an in-dispensable part of the remedy—the Rx that we in the Senate put on the books—so that at a minimum that edu-cation is made mandatory for every physician who is going to be handing out these pills to otherwise unsuspecting Americans. I will just finish this way. One pa-tient came up to me and said: You know, when a doctor says to you that these pills for your family member are good, you are not going to second-guess the physician. You are going to assume that because the physician gave them to you, they must be good. And then this man said to me that he and his wife looked back and said: Should we have known more? Should we have done something different? Should we have tried to protect that other family member? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.017 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES902 February 22, 2016 
No, it should be the FDA. It should be the DEA. It should be the physi-cians. It should be the prescribers. They are the ones that should have the responsibility, not the guilt that they are giving to families all across the country that they should have known more. No, ladies and gentlemen, this is the time for us to finally act on this issue. I yield to the great Senator from the State of Connecticut, Senator B
LUMENTHAL . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I am so honored to follow my great friend and very eloquent advo-cate from Massachusetts, Senator M
ARKEY , who said much more power-fully than I can our reasons for oppos-ing Dr. Robert Califf as the nominee for the head of the FDA. To say it very simply, this agency needs drastic re-form. It needs an overhaul in the way that it approves these powerful painkilling substances that can be a gateway to addiction, whether to opi-ates or whether to heroin. I am proud to stand on the floor with Senator M
ARKEY , Senator M ANCHIN , and others who feel that more must be done, that our Nation is lagging in addressing an epidemic. It is truly a public health hurricane that is sweeping Connecticut and our country. I have done roundtables around my State that are among the most moving public experiences of my service in the Senate and, indeed, my time for 20 years as attorney general on any public issue. It is an issue that concerns Iowa as well as every other State in the country. It is an issue that should bring us together on a bipar-tisan basis to address this true public health crisis. My reason for opposing Dr. Califf is, very simply, the failure of the FDA to recognize its own shortcomings and the prospect that there will be no change in the way the FDA is responding or failing to respond to this crisis if he is confirmed. With his confirmation, all that we can see ahead is more of the same. That is unacceptable. The FDA must be part of the solution or it will con-tinue to be part of the problem. There is no question that the solution to this problem has to be multifaceted. In the roundtables that I have held around our State and in my conversations with the experts in this field and in the meetings that I have conducted with public health officials around the State with recovering addicts and their fami-lies, law enforcement, as well as public officials, I have seen that there is no single solution. There is no one-size- fits-all for recovering addicts, for com-munities, for different parts of the country. There has to be an emphasis on law enforcement because cutting off the supply has to be an objective, and law enforcement needs and deserves more support from this Nation and from the Congress. There has to be an emphasis on treatment and services. We are not going to arrest our way or jail our way out of this public health crisis, nor is treatment alone a suffi-cient solution. Part of the solution has to be more action from the FDA to oversee, scrutinize, and stop the pipe-line of painkillers and opioids that are continuing to deluge our community. The urgency of this crisis is clear. In 2015 my State had more than 700 pre-scriptions leading to overdose deaths. These fatal overdoses are also avoid-able. The number of opioid-related deaths around the Nation has sky-rocketed, and behind every one of these heartbroken families and communities is a realization that more must be done. We depend on the FDA to deal with these kinds of problems. The American people rely on this agency to implement a strong, regulatory ap-proach to protect them. Unfortunately, the FDA has utterly and abjectly failed to protect the American people against the epidemic of opioid overuse. The FDA has a trou-bling history in this area, and I am well familiar with it because I high-lighted it when I was the attorney gen-eral of our State, asking for stronger warnings for patients and consumers, asking for better oversight of oxycodone and related medicine, and asking for better supervision and edu-cation of the prescribers. And I asked in letters, in petitions, and in legal ac-tions. In effect, the FDA has fueled this crisis by approving too many drugs with too little analysis. Too often, it has failed to use an advisory com-mittee when approving a new opioid painkiller. It has demonstrated a trou-bling preference for speed over safety. It has expedited consideration at the risk of public health. It is essential to have an independent panel of experts to review and advise the agency on its approval of any opioid painkiller, giving the public a chance to provide input before a prod-uct comes to market. Unfortunately, in addition to instances where no advi-sory committee has been convened, the FDA has simply approved new drugs over committees objections. This fail-ing to listen to warnings from experts harms public health and safety and confidence and credibility of this agen-cy. One example, which some of my col-leagues may remember, concerns the FDA’s approval of the drug Zohydro. This high-dose, extremely potent opioid, which lacks abuse-deterrent properties, was approved in 2014 despite strong objections from the scientific advisory panel that approved it. That panel voted 11 to 2 against approving the drug. The questionable oversight tactics the FDA has employed so far leave me with serious doubts about its ability to implement its recently released action plan. In this plan, the agency com-mitted to convening advisory commit-tees when approving any opioid pain-killer that is not abuse-deterrent. This approach is, very simply, insufficient. We have seen how dangerous opioids can be. All opioids, whether or not they are classified as abuse-deterrent, should be reviewed by an independent advisory committee. And even if an opioid is classified as abuse-deterrent, that doesn’t mean it cannot be abused or that an advisory committee shouldn’t be consulted. The FDA itself recognizes that abuse-deterrent tech-nology is in its infancy and inde-pendent advice is therefore essential. Unfortunately, instances where the FDA has failed to listen to its advisory committees are not limited to the con-text of drug approvals. In 2012 the agency recognized that opioids could lead to a number of dangerous out-comes—addiction, accidental overdose, and death. In response, the FDA imple-mented a risk-management strategy for extended-release opioids, including requiring education for prescribers on safe prescription practices and the po-tential for abuse and addiction. Two years have passed—2 years since the first of these trainings was made avail-able—but the FDA has yet to release information showing how many pre-scribers have been trained and edu-cated on responsible prescribing prac-tices. The FDA has ignored my call for this information to be released. The FDA has ignored the rec-ommendations from two advisory com-mittees that a similar strategy should be used for immediate-release opioids as well—a crucial issue, given that 91 percent of all opioids prescribed are in this category. I urge my colleagues to join with me in sending a signal to the FDA that more effective scrutiny and actions are vitally important. The FDA has failed to take this crisis seriously. Until it does, it is failing the American people. And a new FDA head must indicate there will be a sea change—a funda-mental overhaul—in the way FDA oversees and protects the American people. I would like to highlight as well the crucial importance of finalizing the deeming rule, which is necessary to en-sure the agency’s authority over all to-bacco products—also pertaining to ad-diction; the drug is nicotine—and that is essential to ensure that not only cigarettes but also e-cigarettes—that the companies that make them cannot market to children and to people who may be led to addiction to that drug. I am determined that the Nation do better in addressing this urgent crisis— a public health hurricane sweeping this country, as disastrous as any physical crisis of tornadoes or floods, maybe, in destroying lives and jeopardizing our national security. I am pleased to yield back to my col-league Senator M
ARKEY and to be joined by my great friend and colleague Senator J
OEMANCHIN of West Virginia. Mr. MARKEY. I thank the Senator from Connecticut, and we intend on continuing this battle right through this entire confirmation process and beyond. Unless we stop it now, FDA is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.020 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S903 February 22, 2016 
not going to stand for ‘‘Food and Drug Administration,’’ it is going to stand for ‘‘fostering drug addiction.’’ That is what it has been doing. It has to change the way it does business. It has to respond to this addiction and abuse crisis in our country. It has to be the cop on the beat. It has to understand its responsibility to not allow this flood of drugs to go into our society, and we have to begin the battle now. I urge all Members to vote no on this nomination. This is not directed per-sonally at Dr. Califf but directed at an agency which has allowed this flood of drugs into our society without putting the proper protections in place. I now yield to the great Senator from West Virginia, who has dedicated his career as Governor and as Senator to leading on this issue. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). The Senator from West Vir-ginia. Mr. MANCHIN. First of all, Mr. President, I want to say to my col-leagues, Senator M
ARKEY of Massachu-setts and Senator B
LUMENTHAL of Con-necticut, this doesn’t have a partisan home. This is not a Democratic or Re-publican issue. This is an epidemic that is devastating our entire country. It doesn’t matter whether someone comes from affluence or is socioeconomically challenged. Rich or poor, it makes no difference. What side of the track you live on makes no difference. This is an epidemic that hits us all in its devasta-tion. If Senators will just talk to their communities, their law enforcement officials, they will tell you that over 80 percent of all crimes are drug-related. Look at the cost, look at the economy, and look at the devasation in the cost of lives it is taking. Something has to be done. We are expected to vote to confirm the President’s nominee for Commis-sioner of the FDA, Dr. Robert Califf. Let me say this about our President, President Barack Obama: I think he is taking this seriously. He has come to the State of West Virginia, and I am very appreciative of that. He has seen firsthand the devastation it has taken in all aspects of life in West Virginia. We are a State that is hit as hard as if not harder than other States. It is the No. 1 killer in my State. There are more people dying by legal prescription drug abuse than any other cause. So the President came there and he saw that. I am just asking the President to make that major commitment to our having a cultural change by giving us someone who will shake it up from the top. I believe Dr. Califf is a good man. I really do. I believe he is a qualified man. I met with him and spoke with him, and I directly asked him—I said: Dr. Califf, you come from a culture where basically the large pharma-ceutical industry that supplies these types of products to the market and ex-pects the FDA to approve them are the people who have supported you for the last 20 years. It is just human nature that that is hard to change and hard to say no to. So with that being said, I said that I think we need a cultural change. I think he understands that and respects my position. I respect his. I just think he is the wrong person at this time of need for the position. We need to shake it up. He is going to continue to serve as Deputy Commissioner of the FDA’s Office of Medical Products and To-bacco, but the Commissioner of the agency must be someone willing to lead in a different direction. With 51 Americans dying every day due to an opioid overdose, the FDA now more than ever needs a Commissioner who is a champion committed to changing the way this agency handles opioids. As I have said many times before, my State of West Virginia has been hit hardest. Drug overdose deaths have soared by more than 700 percent since 1999. We lost 600 West Virginians to opioids last year alone. But that is not the only problem in West Virginia. Since 1999 we have lost almost 200,000 Americans to prescription opioid abuse. I am here today to urge all my col-leagues, before they take their vote today, to think about the citizens of their States who are suffering from prescription drug abuse. Think about all those you know who have lost a loved one due to this epidemic. Each and every one of us here knows some-one whose life has been wrecked by legal prescription drug addiction. This is a silent killer. There is not a person whom I know in any community or any group in any setting whom I can’t look at and say: There is not one of you in this room who doesn’t know someone in your immediate family or among your extended family or friends who hasn’t been affected. That is how rampant this is, but it is something we don’t speak about much. We are con-cerned. It could be our son, could be a brother or a sister, could be a mother, father, aunt, or uncle, but we don’t want to talk about it. We are afraid it has been stereotyped. We need a culture change. As the agency overseeing the approval of these addictive drugs, the FDA plays a critical role in this epidemic, and as my dear friend from Massachusetts, Senator M
ARKEY , said, the FDA might have to change what it stands for. It really has fostered this drug addiction more than any other agency. Think about the fact that it is being produced legally, approved by the Federal Gov-ernment in a legal way, and it is being prescribed in legal ways. We are the most addicted Nation on Earth. Over 80 percent of the opioids consumed in the world are consumed by 5 percent of the world’s population, that 5 percent all living in this great country of ours. Something is wrong. Something is wrong, and everyone should be con-cerned about this. I tell our children and grandchildren, Mr. President, when I speak in schools—I say: You don’t have to worry about another country ever taking us over militarily. We have the greatest military the world has ever known. We have the strongest economy, and we are the only ones who can correct the mistakes we have made in our economy because it is so strong. They do not think they have to take us on mili-tarily or be worried about overtaking our economy; they are going to sit back and wait until we become so ad-dicted we can’t function. This is what we are dealing with, and this is why it is of such importance. The agency has been so callous about their approach to this epidemic. As a matter of fact, time and time again they have failed to consider the public’s health. One would assume that if the Food and Drug Administration makes a decision that something is good and consumable, they would have looked at the effect it has on the pub-lic, the health and well-being of the citizens of this great Nation. Yet it has actively stood in the way of addressing this opioid abuse epidemic—and not only not considering it but prohibiting others from doing it. For years, the FDA delayed before fi-nally agreeing to reschedule hydrocodone—to reschedule. Let me explain where I am coming from. When I first came to the Senate in late 2010, early 2011, I said: My goodness, we have Vicodin and Lortab, the most pre-scribed opioids on the market—more than any others. OxyContin had al-ready been moved to a schedule II, and Vicodin and Lortab were schedule III. It took us 3 years to get the FDA to re-schedule Vicodin and Lortab and all opioids to a schedule II. It took 3 years—and after their own advisory committee overwhelmingly rec-ommended that it be rescheduled. That means a doctor can only give out a 30- day supply at one time without a doc-tor visit. Under a schedule III, they can give out 90 days and continue to just call it in without seeing a doctor. They were putting this stuff out like they were M&Ms. So that changed and we fi-nally got that done, but it took forever to get it done and we never could un-derstand why. Since that change went into effect, we have seen the number of prescrip-tions for hydrocodone products, such as Vicodin and Lortab, fall by 22 percent. We know it worked because they were overprescribing. So 22 percent—that is 26 million fewer prescriptions and 1.1 billion fewer pills on the market. That is how much just that one change—it took 3 years but should have been done in 3 weeks. It took 3 years because the FDA stalled their decisionmaking. Then, after finally making the impor-tant step after 3 years, the next day— the next day that that was done—the FDA approved the dangerous drug called Zohydro. The next day, after 3 years of waiting to get all opiates to a schedule II, they came out and rec-ommended Zohydro and approved it, even when their own experts—their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.021 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES904 February 22, 2016 
own advisory committee made up of experts—recommended 11 to 2 against bringing this most powerful, lethal drug on the market. This drug has ten times the hydrocodone of Vicodin and Lortab, with the capability of killing an indi-vidual with just two pills, and just re-cently the FDA approved OxyContin for use for children 11 years of age. Can you believe that? They did that with-out having any experts or any advisory committee’s consent or recommenda-tions. This decision means that Pharma is now legally allowed to ad-vertise OxyContin to pediatricians under certain circumstances. We have seen the devastating im-pacts of this type of advertising, and we have years of evidence that shows that drug use at an early age makes a child more likely to abuse drugs later in life. These decisions illustrate the FDA’s inability to consider public health and assess the realities of this deadly epidemic. While I recently ac-cepted the agency’s decision to finally start listening to the advice of its ex-pert advisory committee—they have just decided now they are going to start listening to their advisory com-mittees. No way have they decided to take their recommendations. They are just going to listen. While this might be a step in the right direction, finally, of their listening and basically taking the advice of experts but not acting on it, I think is absolutely meaningless. The change at the FDA needs to be fundamental, and it needs to come from the top. We need a leader who changes the current way of thinking. Unless a major cultural change is im-plemented at the FDA, similar in-stances will continue to occur into the future. Meanwhile, our Nation’s opiate epidemic continues only to worsen, and our friends and families are further torn apart by the impact of addiction. If Dr. Califf is confirmed today, I do not feel confident that this culture change is going to take place. Dr. Califf has close financial ties with the phar-maceutical industry. Between 2010 and 2014, Dr. Califf received money through his university salary and consulting fees from 26 Pharma companies, includ-ing opiate manufacturers. In the past, Dr. Califf has actually described the FDA regulation as a barrier—not a safeguard for public health, but a bar-rier. I believe the FDA needs new leader-ship, new focus, and a new culture. Dr. Califf’s past involvement with the pharmaceutical industry shows that he would not be the person to do that. He would not have the impact or leader-ship capabilities the Nation needs to stem the tide of the opioid crisis. I be-lieve the FDA must break its cozy rela-tionship with the pharmaceutical in-dustry and, instead, start a relation-ship with the millions of Americans impacted by prescription drug abuse. It is because of this belief that I am urg-ing my colleagues to vote against the confirmation of Dr. Califf. My office has been absolutely flooded with stories from West Virginians and Americans who want their voices heard. I am going to read just a couple of letters because I think it is impor-tant to know the impact of these let-ters. I absolutely want you to hear it. And I know every State has been im-pacted the way my State has. This is Susan’s story: 
My name is Susan. I am from West Vir-ginia and I am the mother of three children, ages 20, 16, and 14. My oldest son’s name is Zack. Zack is an addict. Zack grew up in a small town with his mother, father, brother, and sister. He played sports throughout his childhood in-cluding football, baseball, wrestling, and basketball. He got good grades in school. He went to church with his grandparents and wanted to be a preacher until the age of 11 or 12. My husband and I divorced when Zack was 13, and it deeply affected Zack. We moved to a new town where Zack and his brother and sister started into a new school system. Around the age of 15–16 Zack started self- medicating with nerve pills—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I hate to interrupt the Senator, but the time has expired. Mr. MANCHIN. I didn’t think there was a time barrier on this. I am so sorry. I ask unanimous consent to con-tinue at least this letter. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object. The Sen-ator from Washington has 5 minutes to go. I have 10 minutes to go. The vote is at 5:30. So I guess—— Mr. MANCHIN. I should be done here in about 2 or 3 minutes. If I can just finish this letter—I have many more, but I will come back later. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following the Senator’s remarks, I be allowed 6 min-utes and the Senator from Tennessee be allowed 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the request of the Senator from West Virginia? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MANCHIN. Continuing: 
Around the age of 15–16 Zack started self- medicating with nerve pills, smoking pot, and drinking. Zack did his first stint in rehab at the age of 16. He went to Florida to a rehab facility because they were able to ar-range everything including his flight before we even got a call back from any facility in our state. Zack was in treatment 60 days and returned home. He was clean for several months and then started using again. Zack graduated to using pain pills. From there he started shooting up pain pills. A child who had a horrific fear of needles was now inject-ing opiates to escape his painful reality. Zack was robbing people and living house to house and on the streets. Then when he fig-ured out heroin was a cheaper fix and more accessible, this became his new drug of choice. Zack was arrested and given the chance to go to rehab again. He completed another 2 trips to rehab, one being 60–90 days and another being around 30. He came home, relapsed and went to jail for 4 months due to failed drug tests. He spent 4 months in re-gional jail without receiving one counseling session or any help with substance abuse. When he was released from jail he was very lost and didn’t know what to do with his life. He was clean several months before relapsing again. Zack is now in a peer recovery program in West Virginia. He is 20 years old and on his 4[th] stint in rehab. He is fighting for his life in this program along with about 120 other men. He has been to jail, and has lost close to 20 people in his life due to overdoses. Being a mother of an addict is a night-mare. From learning your child has this dis-ease to fighting with insurance companies and doctors to get your child treatment. When Zack was a juvenile, I was told by treatment providers that insurance compa-nies did not consider substance abuse in chil-dren a life threatening disorder. I had to run up in a house when he ran away and handcuff him and take him to a hospital high as a kite. I had CPS called on me for having my intoxicated son handcuffed because I wasn’t a police officer. I had mental hygiene war-rants lost. My son was released by a hospital at a moderate risk to suicide and because of that treatment centers wouldn’t even con-sider admitting him into their program. I was told by hospital staff that if I had a med-ical card instead of private insurance or if my child was a ward of the state, they could get him more help. I contemplated quitting my job in order to get a medical card for my son. I have been asked by rehab to take out loans in order to get my son help. I have had to borrow thousands of dollars from my fam-ily in order to get my son into treatment. I have driven my child to hospitals while he is nodding in and out and I was crying so hard I couldn’t see. I have stayed up for 24 hours in a row watching my son detox in hos-pitals. I have followed ambulances for miles transferring him [to] facilities. I have missed Christmases, Thanksgivings, and birthdays with my son. I have gone months and months without a good night’s sleep. I would cringe every time the phone rang or there was a knock on the door. No mother should ever have to just wait on that phone call or for that [knock] on the door. I have also had to sit my other 2 children down and explain to them that I don’t love them any less than I do their brother. I have had to tell them I have to dedicate more time to Zack because I know the 2 of them will be okay but I have to try and keep their brother alive. You see this epidemic is not only affecting the person who is the addict. It is destroying families and communities. Siblings are for-gotten. Marriages and relationships are being destroyed. Entire families are getting PTSD. Crime is at an all-time high. The list goes on and on. The whole system is broken when it comes to treating mental illness and addiction. Until we get the money to fund treatment and more treatment centers, this epidemic will continue to get worse. If my child had cancer, or any other chron-ic disease, he would be able to get immediate treatment. He would be able to get good treatment. Addiction is a disease that may start with a poor choice, but is ultimately a disease. Until we are able to provide ade-quate treatment immediately to those suf-fering we will continue to lose a generation of people. I pray that no one else has to expe-rience the pain my family and my son has experienced, but unfortunately, this disease has entered into every community, every neighborhood, and into most families. It’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.023 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S905 February 22, 2016 
just a shame that we live in the greatest na-tion in the world and this is our reality. 
Mr. President, I thank my colleagues for allowing me that. I am very con-cerned about where our country is going and the role the FDA plays. We need a cultural change. I thank my colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want to start by expressing my appreciation to Dr. Califf for accepting this nomina-tion and continuing to offer his exper-tise in service of families and commu-nities nationwide. I am glad this evening to have the opportunity to talk about the progress the FDA has made in recent years, the challenges that lie ahead, and why I be-lieve Dr. Califf has the necessary lead-ership, background, and experience to guide the FDA at this very important time. The FDA oversees a quarter of all the goods sold in the United States, includ-ing more than $1 trillion in medical de-vices, cosmetics, and supplements. So the FDA Commissioner has a very crit-ical responsibility to support health and well-being in this country. I am pleased that in recent years im-portant progress has been made to im-prove FDA’s services for patients and families, from approving the highest number of new drugs and biologics in 2014, to making progress toward a 21st- century food safety system as the Food Safety Modernization Act is imple-mented. These are important steps that have no doubt made a difference for families, but the FDA still faces significant challenges as we look ahead. As I have discussed with Dr. Califf, the FDA must continue to encourage the development of safe, effective cures and treatments for the chronic ill-nesses that impact far too many fami-lies across the country. The agency should prioritize tackling the threat of antibiotic resistant infections, such as the ones linked to the contaminated medical devices in my home State, and it should do more to ensure patients can always trust that the medical de-vices used in their care are safe and ef-fective, including by building a robust postmarketing surveillance system for devices. The FDA should continue to strengthen its generic drug and bio-similar programs and needs to play a role in ensuring that all patients and families have access to the prescription drugs they need. In addition, our country faces urgent public health challenges that the FDA must help to address. To name a few, we need to move forward on making sure families have access to nutritional information and on ensuring our food supply is both safe and healthy. We need to put all the agency tools to work to stop tobacco companies from targeting our children. And we need to tackle the epidemic of opioid abuse that is ending and ruining lives in com-munities nationwide. I was pleased to see that the FDA put forward an action plan to help protect our communities from that crisis, and I look forward to working together with all of our colleagues to address that area. Another critical priority is ensuring the FDA always puts science over poli-tics. As some on the floor today will re-member, several of my colleagues fought long and hard to ensure that medical expertise, not ideology, gov-erned decisionmaking on the sale of Plan B over the counter. Women and families have to be able to trust the FDA to not play politics with their health. After careful consideration and re-view, I am confident that Dr. Califf would contribute leadership and exper-tise as we work to tackle all of these challenges. He is a strong nominee for the role of FDA Commissioner. He has an impressive history of leadership and management experience, especially at Duke University, where he led one of our largest academic clinical research organizations. He would bring to this new role a record of advancing medical breakthroughs on challenging illnesses through clinical trials and working to translate NIH lab discoveries into usa-ble medical treatments for patients. Our review of his record demonstrates a longstanding commitment to trans-parency in relationships with industry and working to ensure academic integ-rity. Dr. Califf has made clear he will continue to uphold those values and prioritize a strong, independent FDA as Commissioner. His nomination re-ceived letters of support from 128 dif-ferent physician and patient organiza-tions, as well as the strong, bipartisan support of the members of our HELP Committee. I have approached this nomination focused on the best interests of fami-lies and communities in my State and across the country and in making sure the FDA puts them first in all its work. I believe Dr. Califf would be a valuable partner in this effort as FDA Commis-sioner. So I encourage all of our col-leagues to join me in supporting his nomination, and I look forward to working with all of us to strengthen health and well-being for the families and communities we serve. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President for the information of Senators, the vote will be in about 10 minutes, following my remarks, and I want to make my remarks because of the importance of this nomination. I join the Senator from Washington State in urging our colleagues to vote to end debate on the nomination of Dr. Califf and then tomorrow to vote for him. We are very fortunate to have a man of this distinction accept this position. I congratulate the President for his nomination. I note, as the Senator from Washington said, that his nomi-nation has been widely applauded across this country and received strong bipartisan support in our committee after an intense investigation. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD , following my remarks, a list of 124 organizations that have submitted letters in support of Dr. Califf’s nomination to our com-mittee. The list does not include press releases or other statements of support that were not submitted to the com-mittee. Dr. Califf will be in charge of the Food and Drug Administration. That agency is responsible for the safety and effectiveness of our Nation’s medicines, devices, and other medical products in protecting our country’s food supply. It is not too much to say that this job affects virtually every single Amer-ican. It is a huge job. The FDA affects nearly every single American and regu-lates about one-quarter of all consumer spending in the United States—about $4 trillion annually. It is responsible for product areas as diverse as prescrip-tion drugs for humans as well as for animals, for medical devices, for bio-logics, for cosmetics, over-the-counter medications, food, and tobacco. To accomplish this, the FDA employs 15,700 full-time employees worldwide, with an annual total budget of $4.505 billion from funds appropriated by the Congress and user fees paid by the in-dustries it regulates. Managing an en-terprise of this size is no small under-taking. It requires strong leadership and a steady hand. Last year, on September 17, the President nominated Dr. Califf. My staff and I reviewed the nomination carefully. I found him to be well quali-fied to take charge of the FDA. He is one of the Nation’s leading cardiolo-gists. He was a professor at one of the Nation’s top medical schools for over 30 years. He is an expert on clinical re-search. He has been recognized by the Institute for Scientific Information as one of the top 10 most cited authors, with more than 1,200 peer-reviewed publications. He has managed large or-ganizations, including the Duke Clin-ical Research Institute as a founding director. In his current position, he is FDA’s Deputy Commissioner for Med-ical Products and Tobacco, in which capacity he oversees the regulation of products including human drugs, bio-logical products, medical devices, and tobacco. He has conducted scores of important clinical trials and has advised and worked on research with some of the Nation’s leading pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical companies. In addition, Dr. Califf, like every full-time nominee, has been through an indepth process to review his back-ground. Before the President even an-nounced his nomination, there was an extensive vetting by the White House and the FBI. He submitted paperwork to the Office of Government Ethics, which carefully reviewed that informa-tion looking for conflicts of interest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.024 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES906 February 22, 2016 
The form he submitted is public and in-cludes every source of income over $200, every asset worth more than $1,000, and every potential conflict that the Office of Government Ethics deter-mined would require a recusal. Before our committee held a hearing, Dr. Califf answered 37 pages of ques-tions from the bipartisan leadership of the committee, including confidential questions on financial information, and he responded to written followup ques-tions. His responses included over 3,000 pages of articles and lectures my staff and Senator M
URRAY ’s staff reviewed and any Member of the Senate could review. On November 17, the HELP Com-mittee held a hearing on his nomina-tion. He provided testimony and took questions. Afterward, he answered 100 pages of written questions. Throughout this process, we have carefully re-viewed everything submitted and not found anything that would call into doubt Dr. Califf’s ability to lead the FDA fairly, ably, and impartially. I am pleased to support his nomina-tion. I am pleased the full Senate now will have an opportunity to vote on that nomination in a prompt way. Dr. Califf’s nomination comes at an important time for the FDA. For the past year, the FDA has been operating without a confirmed Commissioner. There are important issues there. It needs a confirmed Commissioner to provide the leadership that will carry the agency into the future. One issue that has been on many of our minds is how to make sure Amer-ican patients have access to affordable drugs. Of course, the FDA’s job is not to set drug prices. I am pleased Dr. Califf agreed at his confirmation hear-ing that he understands the FDA’s role is to make sure that drugs are safe and effective, not to regulate their price, but the FDA can help lower drug prices by approving generic drugs and other products as quickly as it possibly can so there is more choice and competi-tion in the market. There are thousands of applications for generic drugs sitting at the FDA awaiting approval. Addressing this backlog, and reviewing new applica-tions as expeditiously as possible, will allow lower-cost drugs to be available to patients. I am confident the FDA can improve its performance. Just last month, our committee held a hearing on this issue and the FDA was opti-mistic about making progress. We also needed a confirmed Commis-sioner who can guide the agency to make sure it keeps pace with medical innovation. There has never been a more exciting time in medical research than today. We know more about biol-ogy and medicine than ever before, and knowledge is being applied in innova-tive ways. We are talking about actually curing, not just treating cancers. We are using 3–D printing to help doctors replace knees. In one case the FDA has ap-proved a drug to treat epilepsy that is made by 3–D printing. The President has announced a Precision Medicine Initiative designed to promote person-alized treatments to take into account an individual’s genes, environment, and lifestyle. These are exciting devel-opments. First, the FDA needs to make sure that regulation is appropriate. Too much regulation could reduce invest-ment. Not enough regulation could lead patients to getting therapies that are not safe and effective. At the same time, the FDA will need to make sure its policies and its proce-dures, many of which were adopted dec-ades ago, are capable of addressing the technologies of today and tomorrow. Second, as we continue to make med-ical advances, the FDA will need to keep up with the science and rely on expertise outside the FDA when appro-priate. Doing that will require a leader who can manage a large and complex organization—not just on big policies that make headlines but on day-to-day matters such as hiring and training scientists on the core mission and inte-grating information technology. Medical products take more time and money to discover, develop, and reach American patients than ever before. We hear stories about drugs and devices that are available to patients outside the United States before they become available here, often because it is dif-ficult for manufacturers to navigate the FDA’s often unclear approval re-quirements. It often takes over a dec-ade to develop a drug that gains mar-keting approval in the United States. According to one recent study, the costs have tripled in the last 10 years. Senator M
URRAY and I are working with our colleagues on our committee on bipartisan legislation to help get safe, cutting-edge drugs, medical de-vices, and treatments into Americans’ medicine cabinets and doctors’ offices more quickly. We held a markup on February 9, in which we approved seven important bills with bipartisan support that will help both manufacturers and the FDA to get innovative treatments to pa-tients more quickly. They are all bi-partisan bills. Senators B
ENNET , WARREN , BURR, and H
ATCH offered the Advancing Targeted Therapies for Rare Diseases Act of 2015, S. 2030. If you are the parent of a child suffering from a rare disease like Cys-tic Fibrosis, this bill increases the chances that researchers will find a treatment or cure for your child’s dis-ease. It does that by allowing research-ers to reuse good data they have col-lected, because it is hard to find enough patients for a clinical trial studying a rare disease with multiple genetic mutations. Senators B
URR and F RANKEN offered the FDA Device Accountability Act of 2015, S. 1622. If you are one of the mil-lions in our country who will need a medical device such as a pacemaker or knee implant, this bill will help drive the faster development of better de-vices—cutting unnecessary red tape from the review process for these de-vices. Senators BALDWIN and C OLLINS of-fered the Next Generation Researchers Act, S. 2014. If you are a smart young scientist who wants to find a cure for cancer, this bill will help the National Institutes of Health create opportuni-ties for you to get funding for your re-search, so that you don’t head to an-other country or into another field. It will also help you pay back more of your student loans. Senators K
IRK, BENNET , HATCH , MUR-
KOWSKI , ISAKSON , and C OLLINS offered the Enhancing the Stature and Visi-bility of Medical Rehabilitation Re-search at NIH Act, S. 800. If you are one of the millions of Americans with disabilities, illnesses and chronic con-ditions that require medical rehabilita-tion—maybe you suffered a stroke and need to relearn how to walk—this bill will help ensure that the government is supporting research that will help you have the best chance at rehabilitation. Senators I
SAKSON and M URPHY of-fered the Advancing Research for Neu-rological Diseases Act of 2015, S. 849. If you are the child of a parent with Par-kinson’s, this bill will help speed a treatment or cure for your parents’ dis-ease by helping researchers have access to more data on neurological diseases. Senator M
URRAY offered the Pre-venting Superbugs and Protecting Pa-tients Act, S. 2503. If you suffer from something as common as indigestion, or perhaps something scarier like can-cer, that requires putting a scope down your throat to diagnose or better un-derstand your ailment, and this bill will help ensure that the scope the doc-tor uses is clean and doesn’t give you an infection. I offered with Senator M
URRAY the Improving Health Information Tech-nology Act, S. 2511. If you are anyone who has ever changed doctors or needs to see a specialist and you want to be sure the new doctor you are seeing knows your medical history so he or she can help you best, this bill takes several steps to get health records flowing between doctors, hospitals, and patients to help realize the promise of health information technology by turn-ing these systems from something that doctors and hospitals dread into some-thing that actually helps patients. We will be taking up more of these proposals in March and in April. The next FDA Commissioner will have a lot of work to do, both to imple-ment the legislation we are passing and to take the existing authority and make sure we help patients as best we can. He will be dealing with one-quar-ter of the consumer spending in the United States and affecting virtually every American. He is the right person for this job. I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote for Dr. Califf, first today, to end debate on the nomination, and to-morrow, once that has ended, to con-firm him in this important position. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.028 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S907 February 22, 2016 
I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ORGANIZATIONS IN SUPPORT  
DR. ROBERT CALIFF —NOMINEE FOR  
COMMISSIONER OF FOOD AND DRUGS  The following 124 organizations have sub-mitted letters in support of Dr. Califf’s nomi-nation to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor & Pensions. The list does not include press releases or other statements of support that were not submitted to the Com-mittee. Accelerate Brain Cancer Cure, Accelerated Cure Project for Multiple Sclerosis, Action to Cure Kidney Cancer (ACKC), Addario Lung Cancer Medical Institute, Adenoid Cys-tic Carcinoma Research Foundation, Alli-ance for Aging Research, Alliance for Lupus Research, Alpha-1 Foundation, American Academy of Pediatrics, American Associa-tion for Cancer Research (AACR), American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, American College of Cardiology (ACC), American Heart Association, American Sleep Apnea Association, American Society for Reproductive Medicine, American Soci-ety of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), American Statistical Association, Association of American Cancer Institutes (AACI), Associa-tion of American Medical Colleges. BCM Families Foundation, Bert’s Big Ad-venture, Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation, C-Change, Cancer Research In-stitute, Cancer Support Community, CancerCare, Celiac Disease Foundation, Cen-ter for Medical Technology Policy, CEO Roundtable on Cancer, Chase After a Cure, Childhood Cancer Guides, Children’s Cause for Cancer Advocacy, Citizens United for Re-search in Epilepsy, Clinical Research Forum, Coalition of Cancer Cooperative Groups, COPD Foundation, Cure AHC, Cure SMA, CureHHT, Cutaneous Lymphoma Founda-tion, DC Candlelighters Childhood Cancer Foundation, Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance, Dysautonomia International, Dystonia Medical Research Foundation, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG), EveryLife Foundation. Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empowered (FORCE), FasterCures, a center of the Milken Institute, FH Foundation, Fight Colorectal Cancer, Foundation Fighting Blindness, Foundation for Mitochondrial Medicine, Foundation for Prader-Willi Re-search, Friedreich’s Ataxia Research Alli-ance, Friends of Cancer Research, Gastroparesis Patient Association for Cures and Treatments, Genetic Alliance, Geoffrey Beene Foundation, Glaucoma Research Foundation, Grandparents In Action, Heart Failure Society of America, Heathcare Lead-ership Council, Hematology/Oncology Phar-macy Association, Hepatitis Foundation International, Institute for Clinical Bio-ethics, Institute of Catholic Bioethics, Inter-national Myeloma Foundation, JDRF, Kids v. Cancer, Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, Lung Cancer Alliance, LUNGevity Founda-tion, Lupus and Allied Diseases Association, Lupus Research Institute, LymeDisease.org, Lymphangiomatosis & Gorham’s Disease Al-liance. Martin Truex Jr. Foundation, Mattie Mir-acle Cancer Foundation, Melanoma Research Alliance, Men’s Health Network, MLD Foun-dation, MPN Research Foundation, Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation, Muscular Dystrophy Association, Myotonic Dystrophy Foundation, National Alliance on Mental Ill-ness (NAMI), National Alopecia Areata Foundation, National Brain Tumor Society, National Health Council, National Multiple Sclerosis Society, National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD), National Patient Advocate Foundation, National PKU Alli-ance, NCCS, New England Journal of Medi-cine, New York Stem Cell Foundation, On-cology Nursing Society, Oncology Nursing Society (ONS), Pac2, Parent Project Mus-cular Dystrophy. Pediatric Congenital Heart Association, Personalized Medicine Coalition, PFO Re-search Foundation, Phelan-McDermid Syn-drome Foundation, Prevent Cancer Founda-tion, Progeria Research Foundation, Pros-tate Cancer Foundation, Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy Syndrome Association, Re-search!America, Rett Syndrome Research Trust, Sjo¨gren’s Syndrome Foundation, So-ciety of Women’s Health Research, Solving Kids’ Cancer, Sophia’s Fund, St. Baldrick’s Foundation, Stand Up To Cancer, T1D Ex-change, The ALS Association, The diaTribe Foundation, The Hide and Seek Foundation, The Nicholas Conor Institute, The Swifty Foundation, USAgainstAlzheimer’s, Wake Up Narcolepsy. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Robert McKinnon Califf, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Lamar Alexander, Bill Cassidy, Chuck Grass-ley, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Rich-ard Burr, Tim Scott, Orrin G. Hatch, Michael B. Enzi, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, Cory Gardner, Roger F. Wicker, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), and the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. HEITKAMP ), the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 80, nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 24 Ex.] YEAS—80 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Hirono Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—6 
Ayotte Blumenthal Manchin Markey Nelson Portman 
NOT VOTING—14 
Blunt Booker Casey Cruz Flake Heitkamp Heller Hoeven McCaskill Rubio Sanders Shelby Toomey Vitter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 80, the nays are 6. The motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. N
ELSON per-taining to the introduction of S. 2558 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I recently joined my good friend from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.029 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES908 February 22, 2016 
Iowa, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, in writing an opinion piece. We expressed our joint view that the death of Justice Scalia represented a significant loss for our country and that while finding the right person to take the seat he occupied will clearly be a monumental task, it is one we think the American people are more than well equipped to handle. Some disagree and would rather the Senate simply rush through yet another life-time appointment for a President who is on his way out the door. Of course, it is within the President’s authority to nominate a successor even in this very rare circumstance. Re-member, the Senate has not filled a va-cancy arising in an election year when there was a divided government since 1888—almost 130 years ago. But we also know that article II, section 2 of the Constitution grants the Senate the right to withhold its consent as it deems necessary. It is clear that concern over con-firming Supreme Court nominations made near the end of a Presidential term is not new. Given that we are in the midst of the Presidential election process, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and I believe that today it is the American people who are best positioned to help make this important decision rather than a lameduck Presi-dent whose priorities and policies they just rejected in the most recent na-tional election. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for today’s vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. I would have voted nay. ∑ 
f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I in-tend to object to the nomination of Dr. Mary Wakefield to the position of HHS Deputy Secretary. The reason for my objection is the following: Last summer, separate in-quiries from Chairman J
OHNSON and myself and from Senators E
RNST and B
LUNT were sent to HHS regarding fetal tissue harvesting practices of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, an HHS grant recipient. Re-sponse to the letters did not fully an-swer the questions raised and, further-more, raised additional concerns. Fol-low-up inquiries to HHS also failed to address some of the questions. Today I sent a followup letter to Sec-retary Burwell in order to determine whether any audits of the fetal tissue programs have ever been undertaken. REMEMBERING DAVID HURD Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor David Hurd on his passing. David was 86 years old, but his family and friends would tell you he packed much more into his years than even his long life would suggest. He was a prominent businessman, chief executive officer of the Principal Financial Group from 1989 to 1994, and a member of the Iowa Business Hall of Fame. He is credited with helping to build Principal into the global powerhouse company it is today. David also was a well-regarded civic leader. He wasn’t a native Iowan, but Des Moines became his home in 1954 when he came to work for what was then Banker’s Life, now Principal Financial. Having lived in Des Moines for so many years, he became an advocate and an activist for making Des Moines an attractive place to live and work. Des Moines is a thriving city today, and David did a lot to contribute to its success. It was fitting that his longtime home was a high-rise building downtown, right in the middle of everything, where he could enjoy the benefits of city living and watch Des Moines change in so many positive ways. David also held many hobbies and in-terests in diverse areas: running, pa-tronizing the arts, playing Scrabble, rowing, protecting the environment, and more. He made friends across these many fields who were united in their regard for his zest for life, sense of humor, and intellectual curiosity. The phrase ‘‘renaissance man’’ is sometimes overused, but in David Hurd’s case, it is 100-percent accurate. Des Moines and the State of Iowa are richer for having had this renaissance man in our midst. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING VICTOR L. CAMPBELL ∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, it is my honor today to congratulate Vic-tor L. Campbell on receiving the Life-time Achievement Award from the Federation of American Hospitals. Mr. Campbell has devoted 44 years of service to the Nation’s health care de-livery system and the patients it serves. He has represented the hospital community with distinction and has earned the great respect of his col-leagues as a voice of wisdom. He has played a role in shaping Fed-eral health care policy for decades. Mr. Campbell is a three-time chairman and longtime board member of the Federa-tion of American Hospitals. He has also served on the board of the American Hospital Association. Mr. Campbell’s commitment and tireless leadership has led to the cre-ation of positive legislative solutions designed to strengthen and improve our Nation’s health care infrastruc-ture. He has also developed numerous collaborative initiatives between hos-pitals and the communities which they serve. As a longtime resident of Nashville, in my home State of Tennessee, Mr. Campbell is also active in various com-munity organizations, which promote innovation, education, and charitable activities. Mr. Campbell, through force of per-sonality, geniality, and dedication, has worked relentlessly to promote mar-ket-based, creative approaches to health care delivery which have made difference in the lives of countless pa-tients at community hospitals across our Nation. I sincerely congratulate Mr. Camp-bell on earning this distinguished award and wish him well.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING MAINE STITCHING SPECIALTIES ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the success of Maine Stitching Specialties, a fast-growing company that is quickly establishing itself as an important business in the Skowhegan manufacturing community. During the first week of March, Maine Stitching Specialties’ founders, Bill and Julie Swain, will celebrate a major step forward in the expansion of their company as they team up with Wal- Mart to sell their premium textile goods. The company will commemorate this milestone with a ceremonial load-ing of the first truck and a celebratory farewell as the first shipment of goods departs to be sold at Wal-Mart stores. Bill and Julie Swain founded their pet products company, Dogs Not Gone, 8 years ago, and since then, their busi-ness has expanded to employ 22 people at their new Maine Stitching Special-ties manufacturing facility. Their suc-cessful expansion 15 months ago set Bill and Julie apart from their com-petition, and today their company is one of the largest in Skowhegan. Maine Stitching Specialties’ commit-ment to local manufacturing and high- quality products has garnered respect from numerous mainstream retail stores. In recent years, Bill and Julie have had the opportunity to sell their products to well-established companies like L.L. Bean and now Wal-Mart. Their reputation for manufacturing du-rable products and their commitment to the traditions and spirit of our State will ensure that Maine Stitching Spe-cialties continues to grow and prosper. Bill and Julie represent a strong community of small business owners who are devoted to boosting our State’s economy and creating jobs in local communities. Manufacturing is at the heart of industry in Maine, and the success of hard-working people like Bill and Julie helps our State remain economically competitive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.035 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S909 February 22, 2016 
I would like to recognize and con-gratulate Bill and Julie on their suc-cess and ongoing commitment to pro-ducing high-quality goods. Our State owes Maine Stitching Specialties a great deal of thanks for their vision and dedication and for their social and economic contributions to the people of Maine and to our economy. I look forward to Bill and Julie’s continued success over the coming years and to watching Maine Stitching Specialties grow and thrive.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING EDGAR MITCHELL ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to re-member and honor the life of Ed Mitch-ell. Ed was one of our Nation’s great space pioneers and one of only a hand-ful of Americans to walk on the moon. Ed once said of his Apollo 14 crew: ‘‘We went to the moon as technicians; we returned as humanitarians.’’ Ed and his fellow Apollo astronauts not only inspired a generation of astronauts and explorers, they blazed the trail we are all now following as we continue to journey outward to Mars and beyond. Thank you, Ed.∑ 
f 
VERMONT ESSAY FINALISTS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask to have printed in the R
ECORD copies of some of the finalist essays written by Vermont High School students as part of the sixth annual ‘‘What is the State of the Union’’ essay contest conducted by my office. These finalists were se-lected from nearly 800 entries. The material follows: 
NICK SEARS , VERMONT COMMONS SCHOOL  
(FINALIST)  The United States of America is an amaz-ing nation that continues to lead the world through the complex geopolitical problems that we are faced with today. As a strong economic and political world leader, we have become the role model for developing na-tions attempting to give their people the same freedoms and opportunities that Amer-icans have become so accustomed to. This is why it is so important to work harder than we ever have before to better ourselves as a nation, because what we change will set a precedent of improvement around the world and inspire change. The biggest problem in the U.S. is the in-carceration system. It has been broken for decades, and there has been no legitimate at-tempt to fix it. Over the past thirty years, there has been a 500% increase in incarcer-ation rates, resulting in the U.S. leading the world in number of prisoners with 2.2 million people currently incarcerated. Especially in this example, it is important to humanize these statistics. These are 2.2 million people, who now because of their conviction will find it much harder to be truly integrated back in their communities, due to the struggles of finding a job with a record, and the fact that they often do not qualify for social welfare. The incarceration system is also bank-rupting both the state and federal govern-ment. It currently is the third highest state expenditure, behind health care and edu-cation. Fortunately, we as a nation have the op-portunity to fix the incarceration system. First, we need to get rid of mandatory min-imum sentences. Judges from across the na-tion have said for decades that they do not like mandatory minimums, that they do not work, and that they are unconstitutional. Mandatory minimum sentences, coupled with racially biased laws concerning drug possession is the reason why we see the ratio of African American males to white males over 10:1. This leads to the second action we must take; we must end the war on drugs. It has proven to be a failed experiment that has reopened many racial wounds in our nation. The war on drugs also put addicts behind bars, rather than treating addiction like the problem it actually is; a mental health issue. PAIGE THIBAULT , CHAMPLAIN VALLEY UNION  
HIGH SCHOOL (FINALIST)  In common day society, education is wide-ly accepted as a valuable resource to our na-tion’s future. Education has immeasurable impact on our lives and on our identity, as we build foundations of our growth off of our learning. However with all these potentially influential factors that education possesses, the system that we have nurtured has failed in reaching students with meaning and value. Like other things in our world, the system is broken. What I’ve been noticing within my own education is that the prospect of content is idolized in the classroom. Teachers no longer cram memorization into our heads (an edu-cational revolution in itself), yet their focus is still the intimate prevalence of deadlines and test scores. Yes—school is where we learn—yet the purpose of our learning should not to become ‘smart’. When students start thinking that this is indeed the purpose of their learning, inspiration and drive are completely decimated. Being ‘smart’ is a subjective standard that we press upon our kids, yet it’s something which has shallow value. Classes stuffed with disconnected in-formation only promote this misconception even further. Why should we be focusing on feeding students material when the students themselves don’t see why they’re supposed to consume it? And this isn’t just the content; it’s the at-mosphere. An example: When an adult reads from a manual in front of a class, there are two parties in play. There’s the instructor (includes the teacher, the manual, the au-thors of the manual), and there is the stu-dent body. Notice it’s not twenty individual humans learning differently on the same topic, it is the singular and collective stu-dent group. Sitting in this blob of the ‘‘stu-dent body’’ and being considered solely for the fact that you belong to a mass of appar-ent learning is an extremely demoralizing thought in the learning setting. I want to be appreciated for what I can bring to my learn-ing; not what the class average is. What value do I have if I can be replaced with a statistic? I’ll tell you why: our hopes and dreams are original. Our minds run differently. And most importantly our souls all want to go in our own direction. No matter how similar our test scores are, we will never be destined to have the same future, so why are we clus-tered to have the same upbringing? Why are we held to the same expectations if the only thing that is the same about us is the year on our birth certificate? I understand that grouping students by age is a positive thing, but we should not let that number classify us as learners. We need to rethink education, emphasizing personal growth versus increased IQ. Stu-dents should not be accepted with their dif-ferences, but should be accepted because of them. The teachers that guild students should be trained with the ideology that learning is not for a destination, it is for a journey. Administrators and Curriculum Di-rectors or Superintendents need to see the content and need to understand that force- feeding students knowledge is not knowledge at all. We need to create the environment where students have choice of what their learning environment looks like; choice of how they learn material; choice of how they develop and a choice of how they grow. It’s true: education is an important system that gets a significant share of financial and governmental attention. Now let’s make it a revolution of consciousness. Let’s make meaningful education for our future; not for our brains. PETER UNGER , CHAMPLAIN VALLEY UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL (FINALIST)  The internet is the first human creation with the potential to unify and connect the world; with the potential to change the way we collaborate and innovate forever; with the potential to reestablish the United States of America as the preeminent global leader in education, technology, and medi-cine. However, none of this potential will be realized without a fundamental rethink of Internet Service Provider regulations. We also need a fresh approach on infrastructure capable of launching a new age industrial revolution. The United States of America needs a government maintained and man-dated fiber optic network. We no longer have an economy based on production of tangible products for a regional economy, instead we produce innovative and revolutionary ideas. Without a fiber optic backbone, these ideas won’t reach their potential. Let me convey to you the urgency and importance of this issue. The competition has already started or even finished the improvements this coun-try is in dire need of. The cost of broadband in dollars per megabits per second ranked Bulgaria as number one with a cost of forty seven cents per megabit per second, and in thirty third place is the United States of America at three dollars and fifty cents. This disconnect between value and product is dousing the innovative fire that is the Amer-ican Technology industry. What do we do? Myself and experts alike, know for certain that the Internet Service Providers aren’t going to figure it out on their own. They are up selling us into decade old technology for a premium. Currently, there is no incumbent to challenge the oli-gopoly that are the American Internet Serv-ice Providers. The only realistic solution to this dire problem is a mindset change in the legislative branch of this very country; peo-ple don’t do things on the internet, people just do things. Internet needs to be classified as the true utility it is. The internet may be the most powerful collaboration and creation tool ever known to man. I personally believe that we can’t currently comprehend the pos-sibilities that will be made real by this truly amazing tool. Do you want cable companies to control what website you visit and to prioritize serv-ices that pay a premium? Currently, these are controlled by a concept known as net neutrality, the cable companies’ lobbyists want to abolish this fundamental protection of freedom of speech and innovation. With-out this fundamental freedom, the cre-ativity, innovation, and communication, at which the internet is so powerful at stimu-lating, will be stomped out for good. The only way to protect the openness, fair-ness, and freedom we as United States Citi-zens are accustomed to as well as enhance the creativity, innovation and communica-tion, which we all use the internet for, is for the Federal Communications Commission to reclassify broadband service under Title II of the Telecommunications act. This letter is not a preventative measure, this letter is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.001 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES910 February 22, 2016 
eleventh hour plea to pull even with the rap-idly evolving global information arms race. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on February 12, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 907. An act to improve defense co-operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. H.R. 1428. An act to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on February 12, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCONNELL ). The message also announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 757) to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on February 12, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 757. An act to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on February 12, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCONNELL ). Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on February 12, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the House has agreed to the following concurrent res-olution, without amendment: 
S. Con. Res. 31. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a conditional adjournment or re-cess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives. f MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2017. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food estab-lishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A. H.R. 3442. An act to provide further means of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal responsibility. 
The message also announced that pursuant to Senate Concurrent Resolu-tion 28, 114th Congress, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Mem-bers on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies: Mr. R
YANof Wisconsin, Mr. M CCARTHY  of California, and Ms. P
ELOSI of Cali-fornia. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. 2558. A bill to expand the prohibition on misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. 2559. A bill to prohibit the modification, termination, abandonment, or transfer of the lease by which the United States acquired the land and waters containing Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, and Mr. F RANKEN ): S. 2560. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to make college affordable and accessible; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ): S. 2561. A bill to amend the William Wil-berforce Trafficking Victims Protection Re-authorization Act of 2008 to provide expe-dited processing for unaccompanied alien children who are not victims of a severe form of trafficking in persons and who do not have a fear of returning to their country of na-tionality or last habitual residence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 2562. A bill to support a comprehensive public health response to the heroin and pre-scription drug abuse crisis; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MORAN: S. 2563. A bill to affirm the importance of the land forces of the United States Armed Forces and to authorize fiscal year 2016 end- strength minimum levels for the active and reserve components of such land forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. Res. 371. A resolution congratulating the Denver Broncos for winning Super Bowl 50; considered and agreed to. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2017. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food estab-lishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 3442. An act to provide further means of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal responsibility; to the Committee on Finance. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 524. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the na-tional epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 239 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 239, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to apportion-ments under the Airport Improvement Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. At the request of Mr. P
ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 524, supra. 
S. 627 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 627, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in elec-tronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.043 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S911 February 22, 2016 
S. 1010 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1010, a bill to amend the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt from registration brokers performing services in connection with the trans-fer of ownership of smaller privately held companies. 
S. 1061 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1061, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1062 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1062, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1169, a bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1567 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1567, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a review of the characterization or terms of dis-charge from the Armed Forces of indi-viduals with mental health disorders alleged to affect terms of discharge. 
S. 1641 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1641, a bill to improve the use by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs of opioids in treating veterans, to improve patient advocacy by the De-partment, and to expand availability of complementary and integrative health, and for other purposes. 
S. 1820 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1820, a bill to require agencies to pub-lish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules. 
S. 1855 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1855, a bill to provide special for-eign military sales status to the Phil-ippines. S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1883, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal juris-diction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1919, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to protect rights of conscience with re-gard to requirements for coverage of specific items and services, to amend the Public Health Service Act to pro-hibit certain abortion-related discrimi-nation in governmental activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 2102 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
OR-
NYN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2102, a bill to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Com-mission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same pro-cedural manner as the Attorney Gen-eral exercises such authority. 
S. 2198 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2198, a bill to establish a grant program to encourage States to adopt certain policies and procedures relating to the transfer and possession of firearms. 
S. 2218 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2218, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fit-ness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 2268 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2268, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their ex-traordinary heroism and life-saving ac-tions in Vietnam. 
S. 2377 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
EN-
NET) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2377, a bill to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and protect and secure the United States, and for other purposes. S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2486 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2486, a bill to enhance electronic war-fare capabilities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2487 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2487, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide preven-tion programs and metrics that are ef-fective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2515 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2515, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure criminal background checks of employees of the military child care system and providers of child care services and youth program services for military dependents. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-related or in-vestment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2540, a bill to provide access to counsel for unaccom-panied children and other vulnerable populations. 
S. 2554 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2554, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 340 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.013 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES912 February 22, 2016 
Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 340, a resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the so-called Is-lamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is committing genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, and calling upon the President to work with foreign governments and the United Nations to provide physical protection for ISIS’ targets, to support the creation of an international crimi-nal tribunal with jurisdiction to punish these crimes, and to use every reason-able means, including sanctions, to de-stroy ISIS and disrupt its support net-works. 
S. RES. 346 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 346, a resolution expressing oppo-sition to the European Commission in-terpretive notice regarding labeling Israeli products and goods manufac-tured in the West Bank and other areas, as such actions undermine the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. 
S. RES. 349 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 349, a resolu-tion congratulating the Farm Credit System on the celebration of its 100th anniversary. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. 2558. A bill to expand the prohibi-tion on misleading or inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we all know how our senior citizens have been the victims of spoofing. Well, that is happening to a lot of our fellow citi-zens, no matter what the age is, be-cause fraudulent and abusive phoning scams are plaguing thousands of Amer-icans each year. These deceitful prac-tices are causing very serious harm to victims by fake messages coming across often that cause the receiver to respond with some kind of financial transaction or the giving up of a credit card number. The Commerce Committee and the Aging Committee have explored the impact of these scams, and by one ac-count consumers continue to lose mil-lions of dollars each year to fraudulent phone scams, many of which originate in other countries. The impact of these scams are very real to the consumers who suffer. For example, one old poor soul took his life last year after spending thou-sands in a vain attempt to collect on his winnings in what he thought was a Jamaican lottery—winnings that were nonexistent because it was all a scam. A lot of us think we have trained our-selves to ignore phone calls and text messages from numbers that pop up that we don’t recognize, but this is also where the sophisticated scammer en-ters because now scammers can imper-sonate government institutions’ num-bers. They promote fraudulent lottery schemes and they tailor their calls to individuals in order to coerce victims into paying large sums of money, just like the victim I mentioned earlier. Spoofing technology is used to ma-nipulate the caller ID information and trick consumers into believing that the calls are local or are coming from trusted institutions. A few years ago, this Senator introduced the Truth in Caller ID Act to prohibit ID spoofing when it is used to defraud or harm con-sumers, and this law provided impor-tant tools for law enforcement to go after these criminals and crack down on the phone scams. That legislation was passed. It was signed into law. It was a huge win for consumers and the first step toward ending these abusive practices, but technology is passing us by. As the technologies evolve, the law directed the Federal Communications Commission to prepare a report to Con-gress outlining additional tools that are going to be needed for different kinds of spoofing practices because of new technologies. The FCC a few years ago provided its recommendations to Congress on how to update the law to keep pace with technology and the use of it by criminals. Senator FISCHER and I have intro-duced a bill today that responds to the FCC’s report, recommendations, and their requests, and it builds on the 2010 act on phone scams to keep up with the new kind of spoofing because they are now much more sophisticated. We need to make sure there are consumer pro-tections and tools for law enforcement to keep up. That is why this legislation we introduced today is important. It is called the Spoofing Prevention Act of 2016. It would extend the current prohi-bition in law on caller ID spoofing to text messages and to calls coming from outside the United States, as well as from all forms of voice over Internet protocol services. For the first time, this bill would have access to informa-tion to go after these criminals in a centralized location on current tech-nologies available to protect them against this sophisticated type of criminal. It does so by directing the FCC to publish and regularly update a report on existing tools. The act also directs the Government Accountability Office to conduct a re-port to assess government and private sector work being done to curb this spoofing, as well as what new meas-ures, including technological solutions, can be taken to prevent this. I urge our colleagues to join Senator F
ISCHER and me in supporting this act to try to give some protection in this age of digital technology, of rapidly ad-vancing technology, to help protect those poor consumers who are getting fooled and in other words getting spoofed. I also thank Senator KLOBUCHAR and Senator D
ONNELLY for their work in combatting spoofing. We are going to continue to work on this, and this Sen-ator is going to press the Federal Com-munications Commission to continue to use its full authority under the Truth in Caller ID Act to stop these scams, including a consideration of technical solutions like call authen-tication to protect consumers. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2558 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Spoofing Prevention Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Com-mission. (2) V
OICE SERVICE .—The term ‘‘voice serv-ice’’ means any service that furnishes voice communications to an end user using re-sources from the North American Numbering Plan or any successor to the North American Numbering Plan adopted by the Commission under section 251(e)(1) of the Communica-tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 251(e)(1)). 
SEC. 3. EXPANDING AND CLARIFYING PROHIBI-TION ON MISLEADING OR INAC-CURATE CALLER IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION. 
(a) C OMMUNICATIONS FROM OUTSIDE UNITED  S
TATES .—Section 227(e)(1) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘in connection with any telecommunications service or IP-en-abled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘or any person outside the United States if the re-cipient of the call is within the United States, in connection with any voice service or text messaging service’’. (b) C
OVERAGE OF TEXTMESSAGES AND VOICE S
ERVICES .—Section 227(e)(8) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(8)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tele-communications service or IP-enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘voice service or a text message sent using a text messaging service’’; (2) in the first sentence of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘telecommunications service or IP-enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘voice service or a text message sent using a text messaging service’’; and (3) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) T
EXT MESSAGE .—The term ‘text mes-sage’— ‘‘(i) means a message consisting of text, images, sounds, or other information that is transmitted from or received by a device that is identified as the transmitting or re-ceiving device by means of a 10-digit tele-phone number; ‘‘(ii) includes a short message service (commonly referred to as ‘SMS’) message, an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.015 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S913 February 22, 2016 
enhanced message service (commonly re-ferred to as ‘EMS’) message, and a multi-media message service (commonly referred to as ‘MMS’) message; and ‘‘(iii) does not include a real-time, 2-way voice or video communication. ‘‘(D) T
EXT MESSAGING SERVICE .—The term ‘text messaging service’ means a service that permits the transmission or receipt of a text message, including a service provided as part of or in connection with a voice service. ‘‘(E) V
OICE SERVICE .—The term ‘voice serv-ice’ means any service that furnishes voice communications to an end user using re-sources from the North American Numbering Plan or any successor to the North American Numbering Plan adopted by the Commission under section 251(e)(1).’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 227(e) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)) is amended in the heading by insert-ing ‘‘M
ISLEADING OR ’’ before ‘‘ INACCURATE ’’. (d) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 227(e)(3)(A) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the date of enact-ment of the Truth in Caller ID Act of 2009, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Com-mission’’. (2) D
EADLINE .—The Federal Communica-tions Commission shall prescribe regulations to implement the amendments made by this section not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 6 months after the date on which the Commission prescribes regulations under subsection (d). 
SEC. 4. REPORT ON EXISTING TECHNOLOGICAL SOLUTIONS TO COMBAT MIS-LEADING OR INACCURATE CALLER IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION. 
(a) P UBLICATION OF REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Com-mission shall publish on the website of the Commission a report that identifies existing technology solutions that a consumer can use to protect the consumer against mis-leading or inaccurate caller identification information. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Commission shall— (1) analyze existing technologies that can enable consumers to guard against mis-leading or inaccurate caller identification information; (2) describe how the technologies described in paragraph (1) protect consumers; and (3) detail how voice service subscribers can obtain access to the technologies described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5. GAO REPORT ON COMBATING THE FRAUDULENT PROVISION OF MIS-LEADING OR INACCURATE CALLER IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the actions the Commission and the Federal Trade Commission have taken to combat the fraudulent provision of misleading or inac-curate caller identification information, and the additional measures that could be taken to combat such activity. (b) R
EQUIRED CONSIDERATIONS .—In con- ducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall examine— (1) trends in the types of scams that rely on misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information; (2) previous and current enforcement ac-tions by the Commission and the Federal Trade Commission to combat the practices prohibited by section 227(e)(1) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(1)); (3) current efforts by industry groups and other entities to develop technical standards to deter or prevent the fraudulent provision of misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information, and how such standards may help combat the current and future pro-vision of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information; and (4) whether there are additional actions the Commission, the Federal Trade Commis-sion, and Congress should take to combat the fraudulent provision of misleading or in-accurate caller identification information. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study under subsection (a), including any recommendations regarding combating the fraudulent provision of mis-leading or inaccurate caller identification information. 
SEC. 6. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to modify, limit, or otherwise af-fect any rule or order adopted by the Com-mission in connection with— (1) the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–243; 105 Stat. 2394) or the amendments made by that Act; or (2) the CAN–SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.). (b) A
DDITIONAL .—Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed— (1) to mean that a text messaging service (as defined in section 227(e)(8) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(8)) is a telecommunications service under title II of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), or require or direct the Commis-sion to classify a text messaging service as a telecommunications service; (2) to mean that an interconnected VoIP service (as defined in section 9.3 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor regulation) or a non-interconnected VoIP service (as defined in section 64.601(a)(23) of title 47, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation) is a telecommunications service under title II of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), or require or direct the Commis-sion to classify an interconnected VoIP serv-ice or a non-interconnected VoIP service as a telecommunications service; or (3) to modify, limit, or otherwise affect the authority of the Commission to determine the scope of any other provision of the Com-munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) and its applicability to any voice service, in-cluding an interconnected VoIP service or a non-interconnected VoIP service, or text messaging service. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 371—CON-GRATULATING THE DENVER BRONCOS FOR WINNING SUPER BOWL 50 Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES371 Whereas, on February 7, 2016, the Denver Broncos won Super Bowl 50, defeating the Carolina Panthers by a score of 24-10 at Levi’s Stadium in Santa Clara, California; Whereas the victory marks the third Super Bowl title for the Denver Broncos; Whereas the Broncos’ appearance in the Super Bowl was their National Football League record-tying eighth appearance; Whereas quarterback Peyton Manning earned his 200th career win; Whereas linebacker Von Miller earned the Most Valuable Player award while recording 2 1⁄2sacks and 2 forced fumbles; Whereas running back C.J. Anderson rushed for 90 yards and 1 touchdown; Whereas wide receiver Emmanuel Sanders caught 6 passes for 83 yards; Whereas defensive tackle Malik Jackson recorded 5 tackles and a defensive touch-down; Whereas wide receiver Jordan Norwood’s 61-yard punt return was the longest in Super Bowl history; Whereas head coach Gary Kubiak led the team to a Super Bowl victory in his first sea-son as head coach of the Broncos; Whereas defensive coordinator Wade Phil-lips won the National Football League As-sistant Coach of the Year award; Whereas Owner Pat Bowlen and the Bowlen family have owned the Denver Broncos since 1984 and led the team to 7 American Football Conference championships and 3 Super Bowl victories, and the Broncos have the third- highest winning percentage among all pro-fessional sports teams during that period; Whereas Executive Vice President of Foot-ball Operations and General Manager of the Denver Broncos, John Elway, has helped lead the Broncos to 2 Super Bowl appearances in 5 seasons; and Whereas the Denver Broncos football team has proudly represented the City of Denver and the State of Colorado, and all of the loyal Broncos fans: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Denver Broncos for winning Super Bowl 50; (2) recognizes the achievements of all the players, coaches, and staff who contributed to the victory; and (3) requests that the Secretary of the Sen-ate prepare an official copy of this resolution for presentation to— (A) the Owner of the Denver Broncos, Pat Bowlen; (B) the President and CEO of the Denver Broncos, Joe Ellis; (C) the Head Coach of the Denver Broncos, Gary Kubiak. f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , in-tend to object to proceeding to the nomination of Mary Katherine Wake-field, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services; dated February 22, 2016. 
f 
NOTICES OF HEARINGS 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘ESSA Im-plementation in States and School Dis-tricts: Perspectives from Education Leaders.’’ For further information regarding this meeting, please contact Jake 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.034 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES914 February 22, 2016 
Baker of the committee staff on (202) 224–8484. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Zika Virus: Addressing the Growing Public Health Threat.’’ For further information regarding this meeting, please contact Jamie Garden of the committee staff on (202) 224–0623. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the session of the Senate on February 25, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomination of Dr. John King to serve as Secretary of Education.’’ For further information regarding this meeting, please contact Jake Baker of the committee staff on (202) 224–8484. 
f 
REVISING THE BOUNDARIES OF CERTAIN JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYSTEM UNITS IN FLORIDA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 890 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 890) to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Florida. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 890) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE CONVEYANCE OF LAND OF THE ILLIANA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3262 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 3262) to provide for the convey-ance of land of the Illiana Health Care Sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3262) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
EXTENDING THE DEADLINE FOR THE SUBMITTAL OF THE FINAL REPORT REQUIRED BY THE COM-MISSION ON CARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 4437 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4437) to extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4437) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CONVEYING TO THE FLORIDA DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS PROPERTY KNOWN AS ‘‘THE COMMUNITY LIVING CEN-TER’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 4056 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4056) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Af-fairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4056) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
OFFICE OF STRATEGIC SERVICES CONGRESSIONAL GOLD METAL ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2234 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2234) to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in rec-ognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2234) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2234 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Office of Strategic Services Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The Office of Strategic Services (OSS) was America’s first effort to implement a system of strategic intelligence during World War II and provided the basis for the modern-day American intelligence and spe-cial operations communities. The U.S. Spe-cial Operations Command and the National Clandestine Service chose the OSS spearhead as their insignias. (2) OSS founder General William J. Dono-van is the only person in American history to receive our Nation’s four highest decora-tions, including the Medal of Honor. Upon learning of his death in 1959, President Ei-senhower called General Donovan the ‘‘last hero’’. In addition to founding and leading the OSS, General Donovan was also selected by President Roosevelt, who called him his ‘‘secret legs’’, as an emissary to Great Brit-ain and continental Europe before the United States entered World War II. (3) All the military branches during World War II contributed personnel to the OSS. The present-day Special Operations Forces trace their lineage to the OSS. Its Maritime 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.041 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S915 February 22, 2016 
Unit was a precursor to the U.S. Navy SEALs. The OSS Operational Groups and Jedburghs were forerunners to U.S. Army Special Forces. The 801st/492nd Bombard-ment Group (‘‘Carpetbaggers’’) were pro-genitors to the Air Force Special Operations Command. The Marines who served in the OSS, including the actor Sterling Hayden (a Silver Star recipient), Col. William Eddy (a Distinguished Service Cross recipient who was described as the ‘‘nearest thing the United States has had to a Lawrence of Ara-bia’’), and Col. Peter Ortiz (a two-time Navy Cross recipient), were predecessors to the Marine Special Operations Command. U.S. Coast Guard personnel were recruited for the Maritime Unit and its Operational Swimmer Group. (4) The OSS organized, trained, supplied, and fought with resistance organizations throughout Europe and Asia that played an important role in America’s victory during World War II. General Eisenhower credited the OSS’s covert contribution in France to the equivalent to having an extra military division. General Eisenhower told General Donovan that if it did nothing else, the pho-tographic reconnaissance conducted by the OSS prior to the D-Day Invasion justified its creation. (5) Four future directors of central intel-ligence served as OSS officers: William Casey, William Colby, Allen Dulles, and Richard Helms. (6) Women comprised more than one-third of OSS personnel and played a critical role in the organization. They included Virginia Hall, the only civilian female to receive a Distinguished Service Cross in World War II, and Julia Child. (7) OSS recruited Fritz Kolbe, a German diplomat who became America’s most impor-tant spy against the Nazis in World War II. (8) America’s leading scientists and schol-ars served in the OSS Research and Analysis Branch, including Ralph Bunche, the first African-American to receive the Nobel Peace Prize; Pulitzer Prize-winning historian Ar-thur Schlesinger, Jr.; Supreme Court Justice Arthur Goldberg; Sherman Kent; John King Fairbank; and Walt Rostow. Its ranks in-cluded seven future presidents of the Amer-ican Historical Association, five of the American Economic Association, and two Nobel laureates. (9) The U.S. Department of State’s Bureau of Intelligence and Research traces its cre-ation to the OSS Research and Analysis Branch. (10) James Donovan, who was portrayed by Tom Hanks in the Steven Spielberg movie ‘‘Bridge of Spies’’ and negotiated the release of U–2 pilot Francis Gary Powers, served as General Counsel of the OSS. (11) The OSS invented and employed new technology through its Research and Devel-opment Branch, inventing new weapons and revolutionary communications equipment. Dr. Christian Lambertsen invented the first underwater rebreathing apparatus that was first utilized by the OSS and is known today as SCUBA. (12) OSS Detachment 101 operated in Burma and pioneered the art of unconven-tional warfare. It was the first United States unit to deploy a large guerrilla army deep in enemy territory. It has been credited with the highest kill/loss ratio for any infantry- type unit in American military history and was awarded a Presidential Unit Citation. (13) Its X–2 branch pioneered counterintel-ligence with the British and established the modern counterintelligence community. The network of contacts built by the OSS with foreign intelligence services led to enduring Cold War alliances. (14) Operation Torch, the Allied invasion of French North Africa in November 1942, was aided by the networks established and infor-mation acquired by the OSS to guide Allied landings. (15) OSS Operation Halyard rescued more than 500 downed airmen trapped behind enemy lines in Yugoslavia, one of the most daring and successful rescue operations of World War II. (16) OSS ‘‘Mercy Missions’’ at the end of World War II saved the lives of thousands of Allied prisoners of war whom it was feared would be murdered by the Japanese. (17) The handful of surviving men and women of the OSS whom General Donovan said performed ‘‘some of the bravest acts of the war’’ are members of the ‘‘Greatest Gen-eration’’. They have never been collectively recognized for their heroic and pioneering service in World War II. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) P RESENTATION AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on behalf of the Congress, of a gold medal of appropriate design in com-memoration to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), in recognition of their superior service and major contribu-tions during World War II. (b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For purposes of the presentation referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike a gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. (c) S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Following the award of the gold medal in commemoration to the members of the Office of Strategic Services under subsection (a), the gold medal shall be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medal received under paragraph (1) available for display elsewhere, particularly at other appropriate locations associated with the Office of Strategic Serv-ices. 
SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
The Secretary may strike and sell dupli-cates in bronze of the gold medal struck pur-suant to section 3 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, at a price suffi-cient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medal. 
SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDALS .—The medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. (b) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. f 
CONGRATULATING THE DENVER BRONCOS FOR WINNING SUPER BOWL 50 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 371, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 371) congratulating the Denver Broncos for winning Super Bowl 50. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 371) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. tomorrow, Tues-day, February 23; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the Califf nomination postcloture; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; finally, that all time during the recess and adjournment of the Sen-ate count postcloture on the nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:56 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, February 23, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CHRISTINE ANN ELDER, OF KENTUCKY, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF LIBERIA. ELIZABETH HOLZHALL RICHARD, OF VIRGINIA, A CA-REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE LEBANESE REPUB-LIC. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOR-EIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: JOHN MCCASLIN, OF OHIO THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.044 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES916 February 22, 2016 
LAURIE FARRIS, OF CALIFORNIA CYNTHIA GRIFFIN, OF VIRGINIA DONALD NAY, OF FLORIDA RICHARD STEFFENS, OF NEW JERSEY THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: CYNTHIA BIGGS, OF ILLINOIS DANIEL CROCKER, OF CALIFORNIA ROSEMARY GALLANT, OF CONNECTICUT JONATHAN HEIMER, OF NEW YORK NICHOLAS KUCHOVA, OF FLORIDA BRYAN LARSON, OF COLORADO JAMES RIGASSIO, OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. JOSEPH L. VOTEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. RAYMOND A. THOMAS III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. PATRICK D. SARGENT BRIG. GEN. ROBERT D. TENHET THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JEFFREY J. JOHNSON COL. RONALD T. STEPHENS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DENNIS P. LEMASTER COL. MICHAEL J. TALLEY 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SCOTT F. BENEDICT COL. JASON Q. BOHM COL. BRIAN W. CAVANAUGH COL. DANIEL B. CONLEY COL. FRANCIS L. DONOVAN COL. RYAN P. HERITAGE COL. CHRISTOPHER A. MCPHILLIPS COL. WILLIAM H. SEELY III COL. ROBERT B. SOFGE, JR. COL. MATTHEW G. TROLLINGER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JAMES B. ANDERSON ROBERT E. BORGER WILLIAM J. BRASWELL GARY A. COBURN DARREN B. DUNCAN LANCE K. GIANNONE MARSHALL E. MACCLELLAN SHAWN L. MENCHION ROBERT J. MONAGLE ERIK W. NELSON KRISTINA Y. NYBERG RONALD R. RAGON STEVEN R. RICHARDSON JOHN G. SACKETT HERBERT C. SHAO HYRAL B. WALKER, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JEREMY V. BASTIAN MICHAEL D. BRAM KEVIN H. CHELF MATTHEW A. CLOUSE JAYME L. KENDALL JOSHUA P. KING RONALD S. KISER WADE S. MATUSKA DAVID S. MERRIFIELD ONYEMA G. OKORIE DONALD GILBERT ROMERO SHIN H. SOH JEFFREY C. SOLHEIM CHRISTOPHER A. WATSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
CHRISTOPHER F. ABBOTT JASON W. ABSHIRE PRISCILLA M. ADAMS DAVID BRUCE ADAMSON DENNIS A. ADEZAS JEFFREY DONALD ADLING CHIKAODI H. AKALAONU CHRISTOPHER R. ALBA SHAWN ALCOCK BARNEY B. ALES CURTIS M. ALEXANDER BRIAN TAYLOR ALLEN JOSEPH R. ALLEN JOSHUA B. ALLEN RYAN G. ALLEN STEVEN M. ALLEN RICHARD S. ALLRED LENORA A. ALVA CHRISTOPHER D. AMBROSON JOSHUA W. AMES LANCE J. ANDERS ANDREW D. ANDERSON BRIAN H. ANDERSON DANIEL ROBERT ANDERSON HILLERY N. ANDERSON JEFFREY K. ANDERSON JOHN A. ANDERSON KYLE T. ANDERSON LEE E. ANDERSON MICHAEL DAVID ANDERSON TIMOTHY D. ANDERSON TIMOTHY S. ANDERSON WARREN LINDEN ANDERSON NATHAN N. ANDING RYAN D. ANDREASEN JUSTIN R. ANDRESS JONATHAN FISHER ANDREW BLYTHE A. ANDREWS KIRK ANDREWS SCOTT ANDREWS TOBY A. ANDREWS JUSTIN ALAN ANKENBRUCK VALERIE J. ANNUNZIATA CHRISTOPHER J. ANTHONY ADRIAN DUANE ANULEWICZ EUMIR C. ARCEO JONATHAN R. AREHART DONALD T. ARETZ MARC A. ARMBRUSTER CHARLES E. ARMSTRONG III NATHAN L. ARNESON JAMES D. ARNOLD ANDREW D. ARNOTT MARGARET E. ARRINGTON NICHOLAS D. ARTHUR THOMAS S. ASHMAN JACOB S. ASHMORE TREVOR M. ASHOUR KEATON B. ASKEW JEREMY J. ATHERTON CLAYTON J. AUNE MATTHEW A. AUSTIN JASON MATTHEW AYERS JOHN P. AYERS JARED T. BAAN ANDREW J. BAER RYAN S. BAGBY MICHAEL DOUGLAS BAGLEY AARON J. BAHR CLAYTON L. BAILEY KEVIN M. BAILEY KYLE W. BAILEY STEPHEN J. BAILEY ADAM L. BAKER ERIK M. BAKER JAMES E. BAKER JASON B. BAKER JOHN P. BAKER SEAN L. BAKER JONATHAN N. BALL MICHAEL BALL BRANDON M. BALLARD GREGORY R. BALZHISER MARISSA L. BANDUCCI JOHN D. BANKER JAMES P. BANTA COLIN V. BARCUS ALLISON M. BARKALOW BRANDON J. BARKAUSKAS RAY WRIGHT BARKLEY, JR. WILLIAM S. BARKSDALE COURTNEY LANDIS BARNETT NICHOLAS V. BARNHART PETER MICHAEL BARRETT, JR. JOHN D. BARRINGER ANTONY J. BARRIOS ARA P. BARTEMES MATTHEW G. BARTOMEO STEPHANIE S. BASKETT DAVID J. BATES MOZAMBIQUE L. BATTS ANDREW T. BAYDALA CRAIG M. BAYER PAUL M. BEACH JOSEPHINE BEACHAM DEVIN A. BECKWITH BRIAN D. BEEARS ERIC W. BEEBE LAUREN R. BEERS CHRISTOPHER CURTIS BEETS GREGORY S. BEHELER JOSHUA M. BEHLER ANDREW D. BEHM ANTHONY M. BEHNEY GRANT W. BEHNING THOMAS M. BEIER MICHAEL S. BELLISS WILLIAM DONALD BELVILLE, JR. KIMBERLY BENDER BRYANT R. BENEFIEL JOSEPH M. BENJAMIN DUSTIN R. BENNETT JOSHUA N. BENNETT DANIEL A. BERGERON LINDSEY L. BERGERON JOHN H. BERGMANS KYLE BERGREN JULIAN G. BERMUDEZ CHRISTOPHER E. BERNARDO PAUL J. BERNARDS LEE M. BERRA BRIAN F. BERRY MATTHEW A. BERRY DONNA M. BESLEY JOAN ADDISON BETANCES JORGE VELICE BETSAYAD II PAUL M. BICKFORD MICHAEL D. BIEDERMAN MICHAEL W. BIEN MELISSA BIERMA ARTHUR J. BIERZONSKI BRIAN L. BIGGERSTAFF AARON M. BIGLER AARON N. BIGNAULT JOE G. BILES GREGORY J. BINE ERIC BIRCH MACKENZIE J. BIRCHENOUGH CORRINE RENE BIRD NATHAN S. BISCHOPING CALEB J. BISSETT JOSEPH M. BISSON MATTHEW S. BITTNER BRETT W. BLACK CHRISTOPHER J. BLACK JOSEPH B. BLANC BENJAMIN JAMES BLANCHET AMY C. BLANCO DAVID M. BLANKENSTEIN JOHN A. BLASE BRYAN D. BLASY ERIC CRAIG BLATTNER ERIC J. BLISS JASON R. BLODZINSKI MATTHEW SCOTT BLYSTONE KLAYTON S. BOBSEIN DUSTIN C. BODINE JEREMY A. BOEING DAVID F. BOETTCHER MATTHEW RICK BOGGESS JOSEPH P. BOGGS BRETT BOHN CHRISTOPHER A. BOHNER RONALD L. BOISVERT CHARLES BOLER IV JASON W. BOMAN ANTHONY T. BOMBACI LATASHA N. BONE NATHAN BOONE SARAH B. BOOTH WILLIAM B. BOOTH JACOB A. BOTELLO TIMOTHY F. BOTH JOSEPH A. BOUDREAU JEREMY J. BOUDREAUX TODD A. BOURGEOIS DANIEL P. BOYARSKI ADAM R. BOYD DANIEL H. BOYD PAUL DANIAL BOZZO STEPHANIE M. BRADFORD EDWARD A. BRADY JOEL C. BRAGG MEHUL J. BRAHMBHATT SCOTT BRANCO EMILY E. BRAND JOEL BRAUN NICHOLAS BRAUN GIAN P. BREHM STEVEN C. BRENOSKIE DAVID E. BREWER III CULLEN RICHARD BREWSTER WILLIAM D. BRIDGES SARAH MARIE BRILL PAUL D. BRISKI MICHAEL R. BRODERICK JAMES R. BROOKS ANTHONY M. BROWN, JR. APRIL E. BROWN CODY M. BROWN ELIZABETH BROWN GREGORY P. BROWN JASON C. BROWN JASON D. BROWN JERMAINE ANTHONY BROWN JESSICA E. BROWN NICHOLAS N. BROWN ERIC A. BROWNING MICHAEL HOWARD BROWNLEE ERIC M. BROYLES TEIA M. BRUMGARD ERIC W. BRUTON BRANDON R. BRYAN MATTHEW J. BRYAN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.017 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S917 February 22, 2016 
ADAM BUCHANAN JAMES M. BUCHANAN TIMOTHY W. BUCHER CHRISTOPHER R. BUGG SARAH K. BULINSKI DAVID P. BULL, JR. DAVID E. BULLOCK JAMES D. BULLOCK JASON WAYNE BULLOCK BRUSSELL C. BUNGAY JUNELENE MONZON BUNGAY JOSEPH J. BURCHELL MARTIN P. BURDEN KRISTA BURES BRENT W. BURGE PATRICK J. BURKE SCOTT A. BURKEY RUSSELL BURKHARD JARRED L. BURLEY ANDREW R. BURNS JEFFREY M. BURNS BENJAMIN M. BURR ALAN C. BURWELL BRIAN S. BUTLER JARED RHETT BUTLER NATHANIEL BUTLER KENNETH L. BYRD MAGNO L. CABIAO MICHAEL CADY STEVEN JAMES CAIN ANDREW I. CALHOUN CHRISTOPHER N. CALLAS KEVIN A. CALLOWAY TIMOTHY I. CALVER LUIS CALVO SANTIAGO CAMACHO, JR. WILLIAM J. CAMP JOHN P. CAMPANA CALEB PHILIP CAMPBELL JONATHON M. CAMPBELL ROBERT D. CAMPBELL JOHN J. CAMPION MATTHEW S. CAMPISE SETH M. CANNON ELLEN MARIE GETZELMAN CANUP MARGOT C. CAPELL MICHAEL L. CAPRA TIMOTHY J. CARBINO MARVIN G. CARDER, JR. ALICIA D. CAREY ERIC B. CAREY ALEXANDRA L. CARICO JOHNNY C. CARLISLE MATTHEW R. CARPENTER BRANDON M. CARTER JEFFREY P. CARTER MARION M. CARTER JOSEPH R. CARUSO GERSHWYN S. CARUTH MICHAEL PATRICK CARVIN JAIME CASAS DANIEL J. CASEY GRIFFIN R. CASEY JASON CASEY JOHN GERALD CASEY STEPHEN M. CASH CHRISTOPHER S. CASLER JERMEKO S. CASSEL NICHOLAS L. CASTRO MARC P. CATALANO CHRISTOPHER ROBERT CAVE JORDAN G. CAYTON HUMBERTO J. CENTENO KRISTEN A. CEPAK NICK M. CHACHOR NATHAN W. CHAL SHAWN M. CHAMBERLIN ERIC E. CHAN ROZENA CHAN ROBERT T. CHANCE, JR. RUSSELL C. CHANCE LANDON P. CHANDLER REGINALD L. CHANDLER WILLIAM Y. CHANG JOSEPH O. CHAPA BENJAMIN R. CHAPMAN PATRICK J. CHAPMAN JOSEPH W. CHASSER ANDREW CHEN CARL R. CHEN ERNIE CHEN NICOLAIS R. CHIGHIZOLA GREGG R. CHILSON CHRISTOPHER H. CHIN BYUNGSUK CHOI NATALIE G. CHOUNET ELAINE C. CHRISTIAN MICHAEL E. CHUA DANIEL L. CHURCHILL RANDY S. CICALE CALEB T. CIENSKI JOSEPH A. CITRO SARAH K. CLAPP BARTHOLOMEW W. CLARK CRAIG A. CLARK JOSEPH R. CLARK TRAVIS A. CLARK DYSART R. CLEETON DAVID R. CLEMENTI BRADLEY S. CLEMMONS II STEPHEN A. CLINE AUSTIN COCCIA JOSEPH CODUTI KIRA A. COFFEY JENNY L. COKER LEE B. COLE MARK A. COLE CHRISTOPHER D. COLEMAN IAN Y. COLEMAN MICHAEL T. COLEMAN CHRISTOPHER J. COLEY JAMES E. COLLINS NATHAN S. COLLINS WHIT A. COLLINS LUIS COLON MONICA CONNOLLY ROSS A. CONRAD CHARLES D. COOK MEGAN E. COOPER MARIO F. COOPERPADILLA ROBERT H. COPLEY DAVID S. CORDELL KENNETH K. CORIGLIANO CHRISTOPHER SAMUEL CORNISH SEAN P. CORRIGAN JAMES M. COTHAM CLAYTON W. COUCH JEFFREY E. COVERDALE TIMOTHY E. COWAN RYAN A. COX SCOTT J. COX TIMOTHY A. COX ELIZABETH CRAMER BRIAN AUGUSTE CRAWFORD SUZANNE M. CRESPO VALENTIN MICHAEL A. CREW DAVID NICHOLAS CRISCIONE ALEXANDER G. CRISS CLAYTON DAVID CROSS CLYDE A. CROSS II JUSTIN T. CROTEAU SHAWN CROWE STEPHEN JEREMY CUBAS PETER F. CULBERT CHRISTOPHER A. CULVER CURTIS B. CULVER RYAN M. CUMMINGS EDDIE F. CUNNINGHAM HARRISON E. CUNNINGHAM ANTHONY V. DAGOSTINO JUSTIN P. DAGOSTINO SYLVESTER A. DAGRELLA ARYAN L. DALE JOSHUA M. DALEIDEN KYLE L. DALZIEL ANTHONY P. DAMATO TRAVIS A. DANIELS DENISHA L. DARCUS JAMES A. DARLSON WALTER J. DARNELL III ANDREW R. DARTT DIBYA DAS SKYLER R. DAVENPORT JAMES PAUL DAVERN, JR. CHRISTOPHER R. DAVID BRETT B. DAVIS BRIAN V. DAVIS JAMES S. DAVIS, JR. JUSTIN P. DAVIS MATTHEW L. DAVIS MEGAN N. DAVIS MICHAEL WILLIAM DAVIS NOAH S. DAVIS RICHARD E. DAVIS ADRIAN A. DE FREITAS SAMUEL C. DE LA ROSA CRAIG DEARDEN ROSEMAN L. DEAS CHRISTOPHER M. DEAVER KYLE M. DEEM KURT J. DEGERLUND SAHEBA B. DEHENRE JUSTIN H. DEIFEL CHARLES J. DEIGNAN ERIC L. DEIST AMANDA L. DELANCEY NICHOLAS DELISIO KEVIN P. DELKER PETER J. DELLACCIO BRAD M. DELLOIACONO JOHN S. DELOBEL JUSTIN D. DELORIT JOHN E. DEMELLO, JR. PHILLIP J. DEMETER ADAM W. DEN HARTOG AARON C. DENNIS TIMOTHY W. DENNIS JEFFERY S. DENNISON GARRETT B. DENNISTON JOSEPH M. DERIENZO BRET DEROCHE ANDREW J. DESORMEAUX MICHAEL A. DETIEGE MIGUEL A. DEVARGAS BRANDON R. DEWEY MATTHEW L. DEWEY MATTHEW J. DIAMOND JESSE O. DIAZ ANDREW T. DIBELLA CHARLES E. DIETERLE ARTHUR Z. DIETRICH ANDRE DIEU JOHN B. DIFEBO CAITLIN B. DIFFLEY CHRISTOPHER W. DILLARD KYLE BRENDAN DINWIDDIE LEILANI V. DISTASO BARBARA MAGDALENA DIVINE JAMES A. DIVINE CHARLES A. DOBSON JAY B. DOERFLER JESSE G. DOLL JOHN WILLIAM DONALDSON R. J. DONALDSON ANTHONY JOSEPH DORAZIO AARON JOSEPH DOVE THOMAS R. DOWD DAVID E. DRAKE, JR. LUKE C. DRAS ANGELICA M. DREXEL CALVIN J. DSILVA DAVID M. DUBEL GARRET E. DUFF JASON MICHAEL DUHON ROBERT L. DUKART TONY NEAL DUKE MICHAEL R. DUMAS TYLER M. DUNCAN JANE R. DUNN JOHN DAVID DURAY PATRICK W. DUVALL BRANDON DVERGSTEN MATTHEW T. DVORSKY PETER J. DYRUD JUSTIN H. EAGAN SETH W. EASTMAN NATHANIEL G. EATON SCOTT R. EBERLE NICHOLAS L. EBERLING JONATHAN P. EDWARDS RYAN V. EGAN CHRISTOPHER S. EHLERS JAMES B. ELLIOT SHAWN R. ELLIOTT DALE R. ELLIS II JESSE J. ELLIS JAMES D. ELLISON JUSTIN D. ELLSWORTH ANTHONY BAXTER ELMS STEPHEN P. EMBORSKI ANDREW J. EMBRY AUSTIN R. EMERY JACOB ENGLISH RYAN E. ENLOW BRIAN D. ENO TRAVIS R. EPP COREY M. ERICKSON ADAM ERTSEY TYLER E. ESKE STACY M. ESKRIDGE GIOVANNA ESPEGIO JOSEPH R. ESPLIN CASSANDRA M. ESPY ROBERT ESPY ALEXANDER O. ESSON NICHOLAS ESTEP JOHN R. ETHREDGE JOSEPH T. EVANS JOSHUA J. EVANS DUSTIN M. FAIRCLOTH CORY A. FALE RICHARD K. FANCHER RYAN D. FANCHER ROREY K. FARAON JON M. FARRAGHER GREGORY R. FARRELL CLAUS E. FASTING BRIAN J. FAUGHN JOSHUA M. FAUSTMAN JULIA A. FAUSTMAN SEAN M. FAZANDE KENNETH B. FEDOR ROBERT J. FEKETE BRANDEN M. FELKER MICHAEL S. FELTEN BRANDON J. FERGUSON ALLEN M. FERKOVICH GERARD A. FERNANDEZ RAYMOND A. FERNANDEZ CHRISTOPHER Y. FERRER JONATHON M. FERRICHER PHILLIP B. FERRIS JONATHAN G. FERRO SEAN S. FERSON BRYCE J. FIACCO BURTON M. FIELD III TRUTH FINCK MARISHA FINDLEY JACOB E. FINGERSON ANDREW W. FINK JONATHAN D. FINK BRYAN DAVID FINKEL MARC ALBERT FINNEGAN SHAWN FINNEY STEVEN WILLIAM FIORE PRESTON C. FIORLETTA JORDAN A. FIRTH JACOB P. FISCHER TYLER J. FISK KYLE E. FITCH BRIDGETT A. FITZSIMMONS BRETT J. FLICKINGER JOSEPH S. FLOREK III ANDREAS V. FLOWERS ANTWAN J. FLOYD CHRISTINA FLYNN WILLIAM C. FLYNT KEVIN B. FOBIAN MATTHEW T. FOERTSCH DAVID M. FOLAND CHRISTOPHER L. FOLTZ ALLAN G. FONSECA CHRISTOPHER C. FOOTE JAMES W. FORBES JOHN R. FORBES TIMOTHY W. FORD CHAD L. FOREMAN MATTHEW R. FORNEY MICHAEL F. FOROSTOSKI JEFFREY C. FOWLKES JOEL J. FOX 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.019 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES918 February 22, 2016 
KURT M. FOX NATHANIEL S. FRANCIS MICAH B. FRANK ADAM D. FRANKLIN CHRISTOPHER J. FRANKS JOHN D. FRAZIER WENDELL FRAZIER, JR. DANIEL E. FREDBERG PHILIP D. FREEMAN THOMAS D. FREEMAN ALISON L. FREIMAN KENNETH R. FRENCH CHAD M. FREY GREGORY R. FREY ADAM C. FRISCH KATHLEEN M. FROST JEFFREY D. FRY LINSEY R. FUCHS JACOB R. FUKA JENNIFER A. FUKA BENJAMIN FULK CHARLES LINCOLN FULLER JOSHUA DAVID FULLER ETAN FUNCHES MATTHEW N. FUQUA JEAN E. FUSELIER JUSTIN R. GABBARD ERIN E. GABERLAVAGE KATHLEEN E. K. GADDIS MATTHEW T. GALDEEN JOHN GALER BRANDON M. GALINDO EDWARD F. GALLAGHER HUNTER RAY GALLIEN COLLEEN E. GALLOWAY DAVID M. GALLOWAY VANESSA GALVAN TOBIN D. GANNETT TIMOTHY W. GANNON LUIS M. GARCES GILBERT G. GARCIA, JR. JAIME E. GARCIA LEODANNY GARCIA MATTHEW R. GARDNER COURTNEY E. GARFIELD HARRISON M. GARLICK LAWRENCE C. GARLIT NESTA J. GARNER CLINTON B. GARRETT EDWIN GASTON CHRISTOPHER J. GATHMANN DANIEL F. GEBHARDT CHRISTINA L. GELLER ANTHONY M. GENEROUS ANTHONY E. GENOCHIO ANAND ANTONY GEORGE BRIAN M. GEORGE JOHN A. GERLACH II MARK D. GESCHE JASON ALEXIS GETZ RYAN C. GIBO TANNER L. GIBSON TAYLOR R. GIFFORD JULIE KAY GILBERT DANIEL T. GILBERTSON DANIEL V. GILL SHANE D. GILLIES BRITTANY D. GILMER JARED P. GILMER JEREMIAH W. GILMORE TRACY LEIGH GILMORE ALBERTO YONG GILROY DANIEL P. GIPPER JONATHON S. GIPSON THEODORE A. GIVLER MICHAEL A. GLASS AARON V. GLASSBURNER CHARLES BRIAN GLAZE ANDREW P. GLINDMEYER GARY F. GLOJEK STELLA J. GLOJEK ADAM J. GLOVER CHRISTOPHER H. GOERTZ GARY M. GOFF ELIZABETH M. GOLDSMITH GEORGE P. GOLDTHWAITE AXEL GONZALEZ FRANCISCO J. GONZALEZ REBA G. GOOD JILL M. GORAB BARRY J. GORDON SEAN M. GORDON DAVID CHRISTOPHER GORMAN CHRISTOPHER E. GOSHORN, JR. JEFFREY M. GOSSELIN JEREMIAH J. GOTTBERG LEO J. GRACIK JEREMY S. GRACY WILLIAM M. GRAFF HUDSON D. GRAHAM JOHN S. GRAHAM, SR. KATIE L. GRANT CURTIS H. GRANTHAM KEVIN R. GRASSE JOHN R. GRAVES ANDREW M. GRAY GEOFFREY ALAN GRAY, JR. ANTHONY A. GRECO JOHN D. GREEN RONALD J. GREEN, JR. MATTHEW F. GREENSPAN JASON W. GREER DEREK ANTHONY GREGORY VERNON E. GRIER RICHARD C. GRIMBERG, JR. ADAM M. GROSS CHRISTOPHER M. GROVER DANIEL J. GRUBEN CHRISTOPHER R. GRUBER ALEXANDER C. GRUENTHER JASON DANIEL GUEST STEVEN J. GUMBLE SARA B. GURIAN TREVOR A. GUSTAFSON DOUGLAS W. GUTH EDDY G. GUTIERREZ JAMES L. GUTIERREZ MICHAEL JOSEPH GUTIERREZ JUSTIN GUY JOEL P. HAARER ALLISON JANINE HAAS ALYCIA M. HACKENBURG HAMILTON R. HADWIN JEREMY J. HAGUE DERRICK B. HAHN PHILIP C. HAHN DOMINIQUE M. HAIG IAN J. HAIG BOBBY L. HALE DANIEL J. HALEY JAYLAN MICHAEL HALEY CHELSEA A. HALL CHRISTOPHER D. HALL DUSTIN STANLEY HALL DIANA L. HALLERAN NATHANIEL F. HALLEY JOSHUA S. HALLFORD MATTHEW M. HAMBLEN BRIAN M. HAMILTON TORREY DAVID HAMILTON PATRICK W. HAMLIN MATTHEW R. HAMMERLE GLENN HAMMOND RICHARD W. HANBERG NICOLE M. HANDY ANDREW D. HANEY ASHLEY A. HANEY EBONY D. HANEY JOHN F. HANEY AUSTIN HANSEN JOEL N. HANSEN JOHN H. HANSEN MICHAEL S. HANSEN CHARLES L. HARBUCK II ASHLEY E. HARDIN RYAN L. HARDIN JASON R. HARDMAN BRANDON A. HARDY MICHAEL HARGETT SAILY Y. HARGETT HEIDI A. HARKER MAURA L. HARKINS COLIN E. HARLEY JACOB L. HARLEY JERILYNN HARPER RICHARD M. HARR BRETT D. HARRIS JAMES M. HARRIS KORY A. HARRIS LUKE J. HARRIS WILLIAM B. HARRIS MICHAEL J. HARRISON JOHN J. HART RICHARD G. HART II MICHAEL J. HARTER HAYLEY L. HARTSTEIN STAN Y. HASHIMOTO NOAH J. HASSLER DEBORAH A. HATALA MATTHEW A. HATT ALEXANDER HAU JUSTIN L. HAUFFE ALEXANDER R. HAUSMAN ANDREW C. HAVKO CAROLINE HAWKINS ANGELICA HAWRYSIAK AARON C. HAYNER STEVEN R. HAYNES JOHN A. HAYS JAMES D. HAYWARD IAN H. HAZELTINE BENJAMIN T. HAZEN RYAN T. HEALY ANGELA S. HEARN KATHERINE C. HEBNER ANDERS J. HEDBERG JEREMY G. HEFNER NATHAN D. HEGUY ANGELICA MARIA S. HEIDERICH KYLE D. HEIDERICH ERIC J. HEITZENRODER JONATHAN A. HEJL JASON C. HELLER MATTHEW B. HELLIER CORY A. HELMS PATRICK W. HELTON CHRISTOPHER C. HENDERSON SCOTT R. HENDRIX MATTHEW J. HENFEY WILLIAM L. HENNING PAUL J. HENRI PHILLIP V. HENRIKSON JASON C. HENRY KRAIG R. HENSON KURT R. HEPLER JOHN N. HERD CHRISTOPHER A. HERGENRETER NATHAN E. HERING JOHN M. HERMOIAN JAIME HERNANDEZ, JR. JAMES V. HEROLD SHAWN C. HERRMANN CHRISTOPHER A. HERRON MICHAEL Z. HERSHEY JONDAVID F. HERTZEL DANIEL HETTENBACH BENJAMIN D. HEWITT TIMOTHY L. HEWITT TIMOTHY M. HICKMAN JARED J. HIEB WESTON G. HIGBEE BRIAN T. HIGGINS CHRISTOPHER HIGGINS ROBERT A. HILBY ALEXANDER W. HILL CHRISTOPHER M. HILL WILLIAM C. HILL DAVID E. HILLSHAFER BRIAN C. HINEBORG JAYMES COLLIN HINES COLIN HINKLEY LIANGKUAN HO AMANDA J. HOBBS ROSS S. HOBBS BRIAN D. HOCKERSMITH CHRISTOPHER M. HOCKING JONATHAN T. HOEFING BARRY WILLIAM HOEHNE SHAUN R. HOELTJE MICHAEL DAVID HOERBER BENJAMIN A. HOFFMAN KIMBERLY A. HOFFMAN MICHAEL J. HOFFMAN JOHN M. HOFMANN NIELS B. HOFMANN WALKER PAUL HOFMANN ROBERT M. HOGAN, JR. DOUGLAS A. HOLLAND MIA G. HOLLEY GREGORY J. HOLLOHAN III KRISTIN L. HOLLRITH ERIC S. HOLM JASON E. HOLMES ERIK N. HOLMSTROM CHRISTOPHER JOHN HOMAN HALEY A. HOMAN JEREMY J. HOMAN BRENT D. HOOVER BRANDON L. HORII AUSTIN A. HORN CHARLES D. HORN CHRISTOPHER D. HORSFALL JONATHON S. HOSKET JOHN HOUCK CHRISTOPHER J. HOUDEK TAMMY V. HOUSE ASHLEY A. HOUSLEY JOSEPH C. HOWARD MATTHEW P. HOWARD TRAMPAS R. HOWE BRENNAN J. HOWELL JOSHUA T. HU JONATHAN W. HUDGINS MICHAEL M. HUEGERICH MICHAEL A. HUFFMAN MARIK HUGHES DANIEL B. HUHMANN IRWIN Y. HUI LAURA HUNSTOCK MARIA LEE HUNTER MICHAEL HUNTER JOSEPH F. HURLEY ROBERT F. HUTSELL MATTHEW T. INSKO TRAVIS S. IRESON BRET JAMES IRWIN TANYA J. IWANENKO STEVEN M. JACINTO ANDREA DEVONN JACKSON MICHAEL S. JACKSON TROY B. JACKSON WILLIAM C. JACKSON RYAN M. JAHNKE BEAU A. JAMES NICOLE J. JANSEN JULIE A. JANSON JURGEN M. JANZIK JUSTIN L. JARRELL CLAIRE E. JARRY JACOB B. JARVIS JOHN D. JARZABEK NATHAN JENKINS STEPHEN M. JIMENEZ SHAWN M. JOAQUIN CHRISTOPHER J. JOHANSSON LAUREN JOHNICAN ALEXANDER D. JOHNS DAMIEN T. JOHNSON DAVID E. JOHNSON DONALD D. JOHNSON III JAMES P. JOHNSON III JEREMIAH DAVID JOHNSON KRISTOPHER F. JOHNSON RONALD LEE JOHNSON, JR. TREVOR M. JOHNSON ZACHARY W. JOHNSON CYNTHIA T. JOHNSTON JAMES E. JOHNSTON BRIAN A. JONES CHRISTOPHER M. JONES DAVID N. JONES JASON JONES JENNIFER M. JONES JOSHUA R. JONES RYAN P. JONES STEPHEN L. JONES TRENT A. JOY ASA C. JUDD JUAN D. JURADO TIMOTHY JUSELIS AMY L. JUSTUS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.021 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S919 February 22, 2016 
JONATHAN PETER KAISER BRENDAN N. KALLANDER MATTHEW T. KARMONDY ANDREW K. KARRER LETICIA S. KASHIWABARA ANDREW T. KASPEREK JASON A. KASSEL ELLA R. KASSHA ASIF KAUSAR STEPHEN B. KEEFER JORDAN R. KEMP MICHAEL B. KENDALL KAITLIN W. KENNY CHRISTOPHER KERKER JONATHAN G. KETCHUM TRENT K. KEYES ASIM A. KHAN STACEY R. KIDD DANE JERRY KIDMAN JENNIFER J. KIEBACH TRISTAN K. KIEFER ANTHONY J. KIGGINS WALTER D. KILAR TIMOTHY K. KILLHAM JOSHUA M. KILLIAN DAVID E. KILPATRICK RAYMOND J. KILROY III BRIAN Y. KIM CORNITA L. KIMBROUGH MATTHEW T. KINARD ADAM D. KING CHRISTOPHER M. KING JARED W. KING JEREMY A. KING JOSHUA KING PAMELA S. KING STEVEN R. KING RICHARD TODD KINKADE JEREMY PAUL KINNE THOMAS R. KINNEAR SHANE A. KINSMAN ELLIOTT D. KIPP AIMEE TJELMELAND KIRCHNER TIMOTHY A. KIRCHNER MARVIN M. KIRKLAND WIKROM KITCHAIYA JOSHUA W. KITCHEN AARON KLANG LAURA ANN KLEPPER MATTHEW J. KLESS MATTHEW D. KLINE JEFFREY L. KLINGENSMITH, JR. NICOLE S. KLINGENSMITH BRYAN A. KLOEPPER MICHAEL G. KNAEBLE CHRISTINE L. KNIEFF MICHAEL P. KNIGHT PAUL J. KNOEDLER JONATHAN F. KOCH STEPHEN J. KOETHER CAYMAN ISAAC KOKARAM KENRICK ANSEN KOKARAM SUMMER C. KOLCUN STEPHEN J. KOLTONSKI TRACIE KELLEY KONIETZKO ROBERT M. KONOWICZ KORT A. KOSER STEPHEN A. KOSLIK AMANDA L. KOSTURKO JAMES S. KOTOWSKI ANDREW K. KOUSGAARD JOHN F. KOVACIC JEDADIAH D. KOVAL NICHOLAUS R. KOVAL JOHN R. KOYAMA CHAD SKYLER KRASTINS PHILLIP T. KRAUSS MICHAEL V. KRESTYN ZACHARY KRUEGER EMILY T. KUBUSEK MARY T. KUCONIS MATTHEW D. KUHARY MARIO F. P. KUHN JEFFREY R. KUKURUDA BENJAMIN KUMPF ROBERT J. KURPIEL KURTIS R. KUSCHEL MICHAEL D. KUST MICHAEL J. KUZMUK FRANCINE Y. KWARTENG SEBASTIAN KWON CHRISTOPHER M. LACY ROBERT G. LACY MARIA C. LAFORD LUCAS R. LAGESSE DEANE L. LAKE ANTHONY E. LAMAGNA JAMES W. LAMBERTSEN MARC A. LAMELIN CLEO A. LAMKIN ZACHARY N. LAND THERESE C. LANDIN ERIC E. LANE MATTHEW R. LANEY TIMOTHY C. LANG JOSEPH D. LANGAN PATRICK D. LANGE WILLIAM V. LANGE QUINTON G. LANGHAM JOHN DANIEL LANGWORTHY II STEVE IAN LANUZO MARA J. LAPIDUS SARAH B. LARK ROBERT D. LARKIN THOMAS A. LARNER, JR. PETER C. LARSEN MICHAEL DAVID LARSON MICHAEL D. LASHER MICHAEL J. LASORDA JOSEPH M. LASURA JOSHUA H. LAVENDER KEVON P. LAZARE NOAH A. LAZENBY ANDREW LEADER MICHAEL F. LEARY EDWARD C. LEBER III PATRICK SCOTT LEBOW JEFFREY E. LEDOUX BENJAMIN JARED LEE CRAIG N. LEE JAMES SEUNGCHUL LEE STEVEN I. LEE DAVID W. LEES JORDAN J. LEICHT CHRISTOPHER LEISTE JARED M. LEMMONS PAUL M. LENTZ CLINT D. LEONARD ROBERT J. LERNER JOSH A. LEV KORRY W. LEVERETT JOSHUA A. LEWIS MICKAEL J. LEWIS RODNEY LEWIS WESLEY L. LEWIS BRANDON A. LIABENOW ADAM M. LIBBY JAN LIECHTY JAMES R. LIEVSAY RUBEN P. LIGSAY CLIFTON K. LINDE GARRISON J. LINDHOLM RONNIE RUSSELL LING STEPHEN P. LISTON ALLEN W. LITTLE JIMMY LAMAR LIVINGSTON ERIC THOMAS LIZON CHRISTOPHER P. LOCHRIDGE TIMOTHY P. LOCKE KATHERINE A. LOCKHART JAMESON P. LOCKLEAR SAMUEL W. LOGAN MATTHEW L. LOHMEIER ANDREW F. LONG GREGORY BARRETT LONG ALEXANDER J. LONGYEAR ERIC M. LOPEZ RYAN J. LOUCKS WILLIAM R. LOUIE JOHN P. LOVEMAN JOHN M. LOWE BENJAMIN T. LOWRY PATRICK B. LOWTHER HSIAO WEI LU BYRON E. LUCKETT III MICHAEL J. LUCKY JEFFREY T. LUCY DANIEL L. LUCZAK TSU KONG C. LUE DERRICK WALTER LUIKENS DANA K. LUNDY BENJAMIN LUTHER DAVID A. LYCAN CHRISTOPHER D. LYELLS DANA M. LYON MATTHEW A. LYON TYREL J. LYON TRAVIS J. LYTTON DAMON R. MACE JENELL MACIAS BRIAN R. MACK DAVID L. MACK WILLIAM S. MACVITTIE JULIA H. MAFNAS DOMENIC MAGAZU III JOHN AARON MAGELITZ BRIAN J. MAHAR JAMES I. MAHER PHILLIP M. MALAMMA BURLEY J. MALBROUGH JONATHAN J. MALDA RYAN MALLOY MICHAEL A. MALONE MICHAEL L. MALONE JEREMY MALOY JAMES PETER MAND ALLISON K. MANDAS URI Y. MANDELBAUM CASEY V. MANNING MICHAEL J. MARCHAND TYLER P. MARCOTTE GREGORY M. MARCUS JOSE E. MARIN BAILEY M. MARK MATTHEW H. MARKS CHRISTOPHER M. MARR LUKE W. MARRON ERIC A. MARSH TYLER BROEK MARSH JOHN W. MARSHALL RYAN A. MARSHALL ANDRIA K. MARTIN CHRISTOPHER THOMAS MARTIN DANIEL MARTIN DAVID F. MARTIN JOSLON R. MARTIN MICHAEL A. S. MARTIN SETH D. MARTIN THOMAS W. MARTIN NATHAN T. MASDON DMITRY MASHARIN JUSTIN MASTRANGELO JACK J. MATEJKA DAN O. MATER JAMES RANDALL MATHIS MATTHEW R. MATTSON DREW R. MAULSBY RONALD H. MAXFIELD JOHN M. MAYER OSCAR C. MAYHEW MICHAEL S. MAYNARD JOSEPH N. MAYS MARC D. MAZZANTI PATRICK T. MCAFEE MICHAEL O. MCCANTS BRANDY N. MCCART RANDELL C. MCCART ERICA L. MCCASLIN CHRISTOPHER R. MCCLINTOCK JAMES C. MCCORMICK JOHN J. MCCORMICK WILLIAM ROBERT MCCORMICK CARY W. MCCREARY JOSHUA M. MCCULLION KYLE E. MCCURLEY JOHN C. MCDANIEL DYLAN MCDERMOTT JOANNA A. MCDONALD KATHERINE BULTEMEIER MCDOWELL RAEGAN J. MCDOWELL KRISTINA B. MCGANN PETER M. MCGAVIN WILLIAM C. MCGILLIVRAY JACK D. MCGONEGAL SCOTT W. MCGREGOR RHOSHONDA A. MCGRUDER DANIEL J. MCINTOSH ROBERT J. MCKAY IAN D. MCLAUGHLIN DALLIN PRICE MCLAWS BRENDEN A. MCLEAN FRIEDEN MCLEAN NATHAN D. MCLEAN CHRISTOPHER W. MCLEOD CHUCK ALAN MCLEOD SARAH E. MCNAIR KENNETH S. MCQUEEN CECIL T. MCSPADDEN JUSTIN M. MCWILLIAMS MARCUS MCWILLIAMS MATTHEW W. MECKES AMY ELIZABETH MEEKS RYAN D. MEIERGERD JUSTIN C. MEIHAUS J. A. MEINHARD ROBERT D. MELE STEVEN W. MELTON KEVIN J. MENDEL WILLIAM J. MENDEL FRANCES V. MERCADO STEVEN R. MERCER TIMOTHY J. MERHAR TONI C. MERHAR JACKYLIN C. MEROLLA MICHAEL S. MERONEY BENNETT J. MERRIMAN COLIN M. MERRIN SCOTT B. MESKIMEN ADAM J. MESSER LEAH M. MEYER OTTO KARL F. MEYER RYALL A. MEYER KEVIN PATRICK MEYERHOFF BRIAN A. MEYERS JOHN G. MEYERS STUART T. MEYERS CURTIS R. MICHAEL MICHAEL S. MICKUS BENJAMIN C. MIDDLEBROOKS MATTHEW J. MIDDLEBROOKS ALAN K. MILLAIS MICHAEL J. MILLARD CASEY C. MILLER CHRISTOPHER D. MILLER CORRINE MILLER DANIEL MATTHEW MILLER ERIC B. MILLER JENNIFER E. MILLER MAXWELL W. MILLER MICHAEL H. MILLER SZE W. MILLER TRAVIS J. MILLS BRIAN C. MILNER JONATHAN A. MINGONET ALLISON P. MINNIG DANIEL S. MINNOCCI DAVID R. MISHKIN NELSON A. MITCHELL PATRICK H. MITCHELL GIANCARLO J. MOATS KYLE A. MOATS JOSHUA MOFFAT CHARLES LLOYD MOHLER II JOSELYN A. MOLINARI LAND STACY M. MONAGHAN THOMAS MONCURE NATHAN ROBERT MONDUL PATRICK D. MONTAG EDWARD C. MONTGOMERY STEPHEN MONTGOMERY BRIAN P. MOORE CODY H. MOORE DANIEL R. MOORE GEORGE E. MOORE ROBERT WILLIAM MOORE JOSHUA A. MOORES DANIEL B. MORABITO STEPHANIE L. MORALES SHANE A. MORAN ADAM MORGAN DANE P. MORGAN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.023 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES920 February 22, 2016 
ELEANOR E. MORGAN RYAN A. MORGAN MARC D. MORIN CHRISTOPHER L. MORRISON JAMES W. MORRISON RICHARD H. MORRISON NATHAN R. MORTENSON NATHAN A. MOSELEY MATTHEW K. MOSER JONATHAN M. MOSIER GARY W. MOSMAN BRIANNE M. MOSQUERA JEFFREY J. MOSQUERA DANIEL R. MOSS DANIEL E. MOUNT DANIEL B. MUGGELBERG WILLIAM S. MUIR NICHOLAS E. MULEY ROBERT J. MULLINAX JOHN NORMAN MULLINS MATTHEW N. MUMM CHRISTOPHER W. MURPHY FRANCIS C. R. MURPHY PHILLIP B. MURPHY SEAN TIMOTHY MURPHY TODD W. MURRAY TIMOTHY P. MURSZEWSKI DAVID Q. MUSGRAVE STEPHEN M. MUSIC MATTHEW A. MUSSER MORGAN L. MUSSER RICHARD E. MYER AARON THOMAS MYERS ANDREW R. MYERS TODD P. MYERS JOSHUA W. NABORS PATRICIA ANN NADEAU PETER NAMYSLOWSKI CHARLES E. NANCE WHITNEY B. NANNA CHARLES C. NAPIER MICHAEL N. NAPOLITANO BENJAMIN A. NAPPER BRANDON J. NAUTA AMANDA J. NAYLOR AMAL NAZZALL CHRISTOPHER A. NEAL DMITRY Z. NEDELIN CHRISTOPHER J. NEDVED JONATHAN D. NEEDHAM ERIK MICHAEL NEEMANN CHRISTOPHER P. NEHLS JAMES L. NEISWENDER DERIK J. NEITZ BRYCE E. NELSON JEFFREY K. NELSON MATTHEW K. NELSON STEVEN R. NELSON MICHAEL NERENBERG TIMOTHY N. NESLONY DAVID J. NEWELL SETH A. NEWFANG WALTER J. NEWMAN ROBERT A. NEWTON DARREN NG KAYU NG YONCA NICE BRIAN C. NICKERSON FERNANDO W. NICOLALDE CHAD R. NISHIZUKA CARLOS A. NIVIA DOMINIK D. NIZIOL NJOKU NJOKU LOUIS G. NOLTING MICHAEL S. NORDIN ERIC J. NORRIS PAUL D. NORRIS KIMBERLY ANN NOVAK PATRICK C. NOWLIN ABDULRAZAK NUHU MICHELLE C. OBRIENGIETKA NEIL E. OCAMPO TIMOTHY F. OCONNELL KATHLEEN C. OCONNOR RYAN P. OCONNOR BRIAN P. ODELL ROBERT W. OLDCROW MATTHEW RAY OLDE TYLER C. OLDHAM MARK S. OLEKSAK MICHELLE M. OLINGER ADRIAN V. OLIVER ROLAND W. OLMSTEAD DENNIS R. OLSON CARLY A. OMIZO JOHN G. OMOHUNDRO BRENDAN M. ONEAL CHRISTINA M. ONEILL BRANDON PHILIP ONGNA ABIGAIL R. ONO RYAN H. OOT GISSELLE OPPENLANDER RICHARD O. ORDONA MATTHEW J. ORLOVSKY KRISTIN L. ORMAZA RYAN M. ORTIZ MICHAEL J. ORZEL CHRISTOPHER H. OSBORNE BENJAMIN F. OSLER JOHANNA B. OTOOLE MATTHEW J. OTT LUKE OUTWATER SARAH K. OVERMYER MICHAEL R. OVERSTREET TIMOTHY J. PACH BRANDON L. PACKARD CHERRY PADILLA COURTNEY LEIGH SULLIVAN PADILLA JORGE G. PADRO AUSTIN M. PAGE JAY H. PARK JOSHUA J. PARKER LEX JOSE PARKER DANIEL E. PARRISH ROBIN M. PARRISH JOSHUA F. PASCHKA CLAYTON M. PASCO CHRISTINE T. PASUN JOHN PATRICH III CHRISTOPHER A. PATTERSON TRAVIS T. PATTERSON KADY NELL PAULEY AARON PAULI ANDREW R. PAULSEN ADAM P. PAULY JASON M. PAUSEWANG SARA L. PAVELSKI JESSICA N. PAVONI TAMEKIA ALLEN PAYNE REX A. PEACOCK JAMES D. PEARCE KRISTIN M. PEARSON RYAN J. PEBLER CORRIE A. PECORARO MATTHEW T. PECORARO ERIC S. PEELE LUIS E. PENA ERIC WAYNE PENNEY ANTHONY R. PEREZ JOSE PEREZ IV JUSTIN A. PERKINS RODGER E. PERKINS DONALD T. PERROTTA DAVID B. PERRY MATTHEW J. PERRY PHILLIP M. PERRY LOREN M. PETERKIN JAMES D. PETERSEN BRENT L. PETERSON JESSE D. PETERSON MATTHEW E. PETERSON JAMES P. PETTIBONE CHESTER A. PEYTON III MANH U. PHAM LYRICA L. PHELPS GRANT E. PHILIPSON JEREMY R. PHILLIPS MARK CHARLES PHILLIPS JOSEPH MARTIN PICARIELLO CALEB R. PICKARD JOHN S. PIEKARSKI ADAM G. PIERCE TYLER BENJAMIN PIERCE ARRIS C. PINEDA JASON R. PIPER JAKE F. PIPPENGER DARIUSZ A. PISZCZEK GARETT R. PITTS ROLF E. PLACE NICHOLAS R. PLANTE DARIO A. PLAZAS ADAM POHL JONATHAN S. POLLOCK CHAD D. POLUMBO REBECCA L. PONDER SCOTT A. PONTZER EDWARD D. PORTER KENT S. PORTUE TODD FRANK POSSEMATO CORIN R. POTOR MICHAEL A. POVILAITIS JEREMY W. POWELL KATRINA POWELL MICHAEL FRANK POWER WILLIAM PRESCOTT III THOMAS J. PRESTELLA COREY L. PRESTON DOUGLAS C. PRICE NICHOLAS D. PRIDE LANDEN KIMOSHUNJI PROCHNOW JUSTIN D. PUCKETT ASHLEY J. PUGH KRISTOPHER D. PUTNAM MICHAEL PYLE SANAM M. QADRI ANDREW S. QUANRUD ALEXANDER E. QUINIA MICHAEL J. QUINN DWIGHT B. RABE ESTEFANIA RAFFOMAGNASCO HARRIGAN BRADFORD J. RAGAN DAVID J. RAHL MICHAEL W. RALPH CHRISTOPHER M. RAMBERG ERIC L. RAMBO JUAN D. RAMIREZ RACHEL C. RAMIREZ MARK RAMOS MARBENJOHN RAMOSO BERNADETTE M. RAMSEY JACOB A. RANDALL JOHN RUSSEL RANDOLPH JACKSON M. RANES BERNARD JOHN RAPP III AMANDA J. RASMUSSEN CALEB L. RASMUSSEN MATTHEW T. RATCLIFFE NICHOLAS W. RAUE ERIN E. RAUSA KRISTINE L. REBUCK MICHAEL B. RECKER JENNA R. REDERUS CHRISTOPHER P. REDMOND PAUL J. REDMOND STEPHEN S. REDMOND DAVID D. REDWINE STEVEN C. REDWINE DUNCAN C. REED JULIE A. REED ROBERT D. REED RYAN D. REEVES JASON A. REIGART JOSHUA D. RENO APOLLO REX MICHAEL REVELEE DENVER M. REX ALAN M. REYNOLDS NICHOLAS R. REYNOLDS TAYLOR E. REYNOLDS DAVID S. RHODES TYLER A. RHYNE ALEX S. RICH JERAD M. RICH ELIZABETH C. RICHARDS AARON W. RICHARDSON DAVID S. RICHARDSON RYAN RICHARDSON LANE C. RIDDELL KEVIN P. RIEGNER JACOB E. RIETH ROBERT O. RIGGS MARK BRIAN RIOUX TYLER J. RIPLEY THOMAS A. RISNER DANIEL J. RITTER JERRY W. RIVES RYNE P. ROADY CHARLES B. ROBBINS BRADLEY S. ROBERTS MATTHEW D. ROBERTS SCOTT A. ROBERTS FREDERICK A. ROBERTSON, JR. LUKE C. ROBERTSON NICHOLAS A. ROBINSON SHAUN Y. ROBINSON THOMAS ROBINSON BRANDON ROCKER CESAR A. RODRIGUEZ IV PATRICIA S. RODRIGUEZ BRANDON MELVIN ROGERS JENNIFER A. ROGERS MATTHEW G. ROGERS MICHAEL K. ROGERS PAUL E. ROGERS QUENTIN ROHLFS DONALD E. ROLEY DOUGLAS P. ROLFES ELIZABETH NOLA ROMERO MATTHEW R. ROMIG JUSTIN A. ROQUE RODERIC G. ROSARIO MICHAEL ROSENOF HEATHER M. ROSS RYAN C. ROSSI JON E. ROSSMAN GREGORY RANDALL ROTH PHILLIP ROTH JON D. ROWLAND CHRISTINA W. ROYAL SHAUN W. ROYCRAFT BRADLEY W. RUESING JASON M. RUIZ TITO M. RUIZ ERIN M. RUNDBERGET JUSTIN E. RUPE JARED M. RUPP JENNY K. RUSSELL RYAN L. RUSSELL WILLIAM A. RUSSELL DOMINIC RUSSI KYLE R. RUTHERFORD TOMMY A. RUTHERFORD DOUGLAS B. RUYLE ERIC MARVIN RYAN JEFFREY S. RYAN ROBERT HENRY RYAN III KYLE J. RYKACZEWSKI JONATHAN D. SAAS DANIEL C. SABATELLI ANTHONY M. SABELLICO MATTHEW O. SABRAW NICK SACCONE SCOTT PATRICK SAFFRAN STEVEN L. SAGER JOANNE C. SAHAGUN TODD R. SAKSA CARRI M. SALAS JESSIE D. SALAZAR JOHN ANDREW SALOTTI JOSEPH P. SAMEK ROLLY SADIOA SANA KEVIN D. SANAGHAN MICHAEL J. SANDERS THOMAS A. SANDERS BRANDON A. SANDOVAL AARON R. SANDS CHAD D. SANFORD STEVEN C. SANOCKI MATTHEW T. SARDA BROCK D. SARGENT CHASE M. SASSER BRET T. SAUBERT GIACOMO SAUCEDA GRANT J. SAUM PHILLIP L. SAVAGE DANIEL A. SAYAVAN JOHN E. SCHADE MICHAELA A. SCHANNEP WILLIAM E. SCHARFENBERG JOSEPH W. SCHENKEL HEIDI B. SCHIANO COLT R. SCHIEFELBEIN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.025 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S921 February 22, 2016 
DAVID A. SCHILL SAMUEL D. G. SCHINDLER JOSEPH EDWARD SCHLOSSER JAMES L. SCHMIDT MATTHEW J. SCHMIT ERIC L. SCHNECK JESSICA S. SCHNEIDER SCOTT A. SCHNEIDER KRISTEN S. SCHNELL MARK V. SCHNELL ROBERT W. SCHOMAKER STEVEN J. SCHULDT NATHAN J. SCHULER SHAWN M. SCHULZ BENJAMIN F. SCHUMACHER DAVID ANDREW SCHUNK MATTHEW J. SCHWAAB PATRICIA WILLIAMS SCHWANDT ANDREW M. SCHWEICHLER TYRUS A. SCOTT RYAN D. SEALY KEVAN BRADFORD SEAMANS ADAM G. SEARS MICHAEL L. SEEBECK CLAYTON T. SEILER JASON W. SEITZ JOSEPH ADAM SELLERS RYAN J. SELLS KIMBERLY H. SERCEL CINDY C. SERRANO SCOT A. SHAFFER THOMAS P. SHALLUE BRIAN J. SHANLEY ROBERT Z. SHANNON BRIAN P. SHARMAN CHRISTOPHER ARTHUR SHARON CHRISTINA M. SHARP IAN A. SHELLEY SIMONE SHEN JAMES E. SHEPARD LEVI J. SHEPPARD CHARLES BRUSLE SHERBURNE IV JOHN A. SHERIDAN WILLIAM K. SHERIDAN, JR. MICHAEL J. SHICK BRYON SHIELDS SETH D. SHIPLEY CURTIS MCINTOSH SHORR TONY J. SHORT GREGORY T. SHOW MATTHEW C. SHUTT MATTHEW P. SIBIGA KELLEN SICK DANIEL JACOB SIEBEN CARL A. SIEGEL BRIAN J. SIKKEMA CLAYTON K. SILVA DANIEL FLOYD SILVA SCOTT A. SIMONEAUX MATTHEW KEITH SIMPKINS JASON CLARK SINGER WILLIAM R. SINGISER MARCUS A. SITTERLY JOHN X. SITU SARA B. SIX MICHAEL E. SKARDA KURT R. SKARSTEDT DAVID PAUL SKELONC DANIELLE M. SKILTON CHARLES A. SKROVAN MATTHEW C. SLACK IVAN S. SLATER SCOTT M. SLATER BRYONY L. SLAUGHTER ROBERT A. B. SLAYTON DAVID M. SMALENBERGER ROBERT C. SMALL JEFFREY SMART RICHARD C. SMEEDING CHRISTIAN D. SMELSER ABRAHAM B. SMITH CHRISTOPHER R. SMITH DAVID SMITH DUSTIN M. SMITH GRANT J. SMITH JACK LOYD SMITH JAMES EDWARD SMITH JORDAN C. SMITH KEVIN P. SMITH LOGAN D. SMITH RICHARD SMITH ROBERT A. SMITH STEPHEN E. SMITH STEWART C. SMITH TRAVIS S. SMITH CHRISTOPHER SMOAK DANIEL C. SNODGRASS BRANDON L. SNYDER NICHOLAS P. SOCHINSKI ALEJANDRO SOLIS JEFFREY S. SOVERN JEREMY L. SPARKS MORGAN E. SPARKS MATTHEW G. SPEED DAKOTA PAUL SPEIDEL JEDEDIAH S. SPENCER ZACHARY M. SPENCER SETH D. SPIDAHL KEVIN J. SPRINGER WILLIAM S. SPRINGER DANIEL R. ST CLAIR JONATHAN J. ST PETER MONTGOMERY A. STAHL CARSTEN P. STAHR JAMES L. STALEY CHRISTOPHER R. STALLARD JOSHUA C. STALLARD FRANCIS P. STALLINGS MARK E. STALLINGS ANDREW J. STANDEFORD KEVIN V. STANLEY MARY A. STANTON TYLER J. STARK HARRY H. STARNES JAMES R. STAUDENMAIER TYLER W. STEF BENJAMIN R. STEFFENS TYLER D. STEFFENSON CORY MARTIN STEINBRECHER JAY T. STELLWAGEN JOSEPH W. STENGER THOMAS R. STENGL NICOLE M. STENSTAD DANIEL O. STEPHENS MARK W. STEPHENS PHILIP STEPHENS ANDREW JOSEPH STEVENS BRETT L. STEVENS NICOLE L. STEVENS THOMAS B. STEVENS BRIAN S. STEWART CHRISTOPHER J. STEWART KYLE J. STEWART MATT STEWART NICKOLAS J. STEWART JAMES A. STIKELEATHER JAMES A. STILLWAGON CHRISTOPHER L. STILSON JOSHUA S. STINSON PAUL R. STINSON JEFFREY STOCK KEVIN W. STOCKDILL DAVID M. STOMBERG DAVID N. STONE JEREMY H. STOWERS MATTHEW J. STPIERRE RYAN ROBERT STRAND DEREK T. STRANG MATTHEW V. STREETON RYAN N. STRENGTH WILLIAM T. STROHECKER IV BRANDON P. STRONG GREGORY J. STRONG BRION P. STROUD BRIAN STURDEVANT CHAD SUE JOHN L. SULLIVAN TODD M. SULLIVAN WILLIAM J. SULLIVAN PHILLIP A. SUMMERS BRIAN D. SUMP ELIJAH A. SUPPER DAVID F. SUSTELLO KENNETH E. SUTHERLAND MATTHEW R. SUTLIFF CRAIG E. SVANBERG BRANDY A. SWANSON JONATHAN PAUL SWARD TRAVIS J. SWART TIMOTHY S. SWIECHOWICZ JONATHAN SWINARSKI CHAD E. SWINEHART CURTIS T. SWITZER KEVIN W. SWORD BENJAMIN C. SZUTAR JANDREW P. TAALA DEVIN W. TABER MICHAEL J. TADDY JACK TALKINGTON AUSTIN S. TALLY PAUL D. TANDBERG ANDREW L. TAYLOR GABRIEL J. TAYLOR JUSTIN M. TAYLOR RYAN JAMES TEAK BRANNDON L. TEFFETELLER ROLF D. TELLEFSEN ANDREAS Z. TEMPELIS KIMBERLY A. TEMPLER CHARLES P. TENNEY JARED L. TENPAS CHRISTOPHER D. TERPENING JEFFREY M. TETRAULT DUSTIN L. THARRETT BENJAMIN J. THOMAS JARED R. THOMAS LEVI M. THOMAS REID W. THOMAS BRENT A. THOMPSON GERRY Q. THOMPSON JONATHAN F. THOMPSON JOSEPH W. THOMPSON JUSTIN NATHANIEL THOMPSON KELLEY DESHAUN THOMPSON KENON E. THOMPSON MALACHI THOMPSON III MARK P. THOMPSON MICHAEL J. THOMPSON ROBERT J. THOMSON SCOTT ISOM THORUP BRADLEY T. THRUSH MEAGAN L. THRUSH MELISSA RENE THURMAN CHRISTOFFER JOHN TIDWELL MARSHALL LEE TILLIS ERIK TIMS PAUL C. TISA JENNIFER M. TITKEMEIER KYLE E. TOBIN DANIEL D. TOFTNESS GEORGE J. TOLIS NICHOLAS R. TOMLINSON ANDREW GLENN TOMPKINS JESSICA A. TOMPKINS WILLIAM M. TOMPKINS KRISTEN M. TORMA GUILLERMO E. TORRES JACQUELYNN R. TORSON WILLIAM R. TORSON DEREK M. TOSIE ANDREW J. TRAVIS MANUEL TREJO, JR. BEAU W. TRESEMER JAMES S. TRIMBLE VIRGINIA MILLER TRIMBLE DANIEL J. TRIMBOLI JOHN A. TROJA KELLEY M. TRUAX DEREK A. TRUEX NICHOLAS R. TSOUGAS HEIDI M. TUCHOLSKI MATTHEW C. TUCHSCHER MATTHEW A. TUCKER DREW P. TURNER RANDALL P. TURNER JORDAN LANE TUTEUR CALEB UDALL GERALD M. UNDERWOOD, JR. EVAN VALDEZ MICHAEL C. VALDIVIA TAYLOR B. VALENTINE DEREK W. L. VALLEJOS CHRISTOPHER P. VALLIERE SCOTT W. VAN DE WATER NATHAN J. VAN LOON CHRISTOPHER M. VANCHURE SCOTT ALAN VANDER PLOEG JOSEPH MICHAEL VANDUSEN ALBERT VARMA NICHOLAS A. VARNER DALLAS E. VARWIG DANIELLE VARWIG HARPER A. K. VAUGHAN ENRIQUE VAZQUEZ, JR. MICHAEL D. VELTMAN RAYMOND W. VENABLE, JR. DAVID VERA TORRES CHRISTOPHER L. VERGIEN DAVID FERREIRA VILELA ROBERT A. VINCENT STEPHEN M. VISALLI KEVIN P. VITAYAUDOM JOHN J. VITOLO ADAM J. VOGEL JONATHAN F. VOGEL MATTHEW R. VOKE BRANDON REED VOORHEES SCOTT P. VOTH PHILIP R. WACHLIN VICTOR J. WADSLEY SETH B. WAGENMAN BRIAN A. WAGNER CHRISTINE WAGNER RYAN FRANCIS WAGNER JOSEPH A. WAHLQUIST JOSEPH WALDON GEOFFREY H. WALKER JOSEPH K. WALKER ROBERT L. WALKER, JR. ROBERT A. WALLER ZACHARY R. WALROND CHRISTOPHER A. WALSH SEAN D. WALSH JOSHUA J. WALTON DOUGLAS A. WARD GREGORY J. WARD JORDAN D. WARD ERIK A. WARNECKE BRENT J. WARREN SPENCER G. WARTMAN NATHAN C. WATERS TYLER A. WATTERS MICHAEL BAILEY WATTS DONALD F. WAUGH, JR. JONATHAN R. WEAVER ROSS A. WEAVER ANDREW L. WEBB JOSHUA A. WEBB RUSSEL MORGAN WEBB STEVEN DUSTIN WEBB JETTA M. WEBER THOMAS J. WEBER PATRICK J. WEEKLY DANIEL J. WEEMS CHRISTOPHER W. WEIMER EMILI A. WEIS ROBERT D. WEISS ROBERT J. WEITERSHAUSEN RICHARD A. WELCH LOUIS ANTHONY WELLE III PAUL J. WELSH JAMES B. WENTZEL THOMAS M. WERNER BRIAN K. WERNLE MICHAEL L. WERRE TYLER K. WEST BRANDON M. WESTLING ZACHARY J. WHALEN CHAD M. WHARTON JAMES B. WHEATLEY BRANDON J. WHEELER WILLIAM J. WHIDDON RYAN M. WHITAKER ALEXANDER B. WHITE GORDON M. WHITE JON A. WHITE KENNETH E. WHITE II MATTHEW D. WHITE TRAVIS J. WHITE ZACHARY L. WHITE ANTHONY D. WHITEHEAD 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.028 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES922 February 22, 2016 
KEVIN C. WHITLATCH DAVID L. WHITNEY LEE E. WHITTEN JOHN RALPH WIDMER JORDAN M. WIERSCH ADAM B. WIESER DOUGLAS J. WIETLISBACH RAY S. WILCOX GENE MICHAEL WILKINS LUCAS E. WILL DUSTIN R. WILLARD RICHARD P. WILLE CHRISTOPHER S. WILLEY BENJAMIN G. WILLIAMS CHRISTOPHER J. WILLIAMS DUSTIN K. WILLIAMS ISAAC C. WILLIAMS KEVIN D. WILLIAMS MICHAEL W. WILLIAMS RUSSELL H. WILLIAMS TYLER J. WILLIAMS BRADLEY C. WILLIS CHANELLE M. WILLIS ERIC T. WILMOT JARED A. WILSON JONATHAN A. WILSON MATTHEW P. WILSON NORMAN K. WILSON RYAN W. WILSON SIGANSULPUM WILSON TERRENCE WILSON JONATHAN B. WING NATALIE M. WINKELS HANS U. WINKLER BRANDON M. WINNINGHAM SABRINA N. WINTER THOMAS D. WITTWER MARQUIS A. WOFFORD ANDRE WOLF KARLTON J. WOLF ANDREA WOLFE CLARK JOSHUA J. WOLFRAM SUSAN W. K. WONG TWOREK BRANDON M. WOOD JODY ROSS WOOD TRAY C. WOOD ISHMAN W. WOODARD, JR. OLIVER L. WOODLAND JASON C. WOOLFORD COURTNEY L. WORDEN RYAN J. WORRELL ROBERT O. WRAY THOMAS WRAY JEFFREY D. WRIGHT JESSICA D. WRIGHT JONATHAN W. WRIGHT LATOSHIA WRIGHT ZACHARY ADAM WRIGHT JAMES CHIEN CHIN WU KELLI NICOLE WYATT GILBERT S. WYCHE II CASEY H. WYMAN LIVATH XAYASANE REYN M. YAMASHIRO PHILIP A. YARBOROUGH JACOB R. YATES KYLE G. YATES MAX W. YATES GRACE U. YI BRIAN P. YODER MICAH S. YOST AARON J. YOUNG CARMEN E. YOUNG JOHN J. ZAIMIS FARAKH BALAL ZAMAN ANDREW J. ZANRUCHA CHRISTOPHER D. ZAREMSKI MATTHEW W. ZAYATZ TABATHA R. ZELLHART SCOTT C. ZETTERSTROM ROBERT E. ZICKEFOOSE II MARSHALL R. ZIEMANSKI KENNETH J. ZIMMERMAN TIMOTHY G. ZISHKA AARON ZORN CURTIS ZOSS RACHEL M. ZOTTO JOSEPH V. ZUEHL, JR. DEVIN LEE ZUFELT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
CHRISTOPHER T. STEIN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ADRIAN R. ALGARRA TERRI C. ANDREWS NIKKI L. ARMSTRONG CHAD W. BACKUS CHRISTINE M. BACSA KIMBERLY M. BANNISTER KIMBERLY A. BARCUS SHERI L. BATES JOEL C. BAUZON JEAN Y. BELL TERRIE L. BOISVENUHOATLAND KAY M. BOLIN LISA A. BOWERS RODERICK BOWSER BETHANY L. BRADBURY CLAUDIA BRADFORD STACEY L. BRECKONS MARC T. BRINSLEY FELICIA R. BROWN JODI L. BROWN MICHAEL F. BROWN III AMY E. BRZUCHALSKI SUMMER N. BUCHMEIER MATTHEW E. BUCKLES BRANDI M. BURROWES ERSAN CAPAN CARY N. CARTER WILLIAM J. CHAPPELL BRANDY L. CLAYTON KEVIN D. COPLEY DAVID L. COTTLE, JR. JULIE A. COWLES ANNE M. DANIELE KIMBERLY A. DILGER NOELLE S. DOVE LENA M. FABIAN KATHLEEN S. FEELEYLYNCH LINDSAY R. FELKER BRYAN S. FERRARA SHARA FISHER GERBERT L. FLORESCHAVEZ MONICA F. FLOWERS ERICA L. FRANKLINWILKERSON JULIE A. GABELETTO PAUL R. GALEY DIONICIO M. GARMA EDWARD A. GEIGER CAISSY A. GOE TAWANA GOLDSTEIN JESSICA M. GORDON JACLYN A. GRANT SARAH E. HARRIS ALAN J. HARVEY MEREDITH M. HETTINGER TRACY HO ELIZABETH A. HULTGREN DIANNE A. JAMES ERIKA JARAMILLO NICHOLE M. T. JOHNSON PATRICK R. KADILAK ELIZABETH L. KASSULKE ADAM D. KELLER MICHAEL A. KNIGHT DJAKARIA KONATE BRANDI L. LANGE KEITH M. LATHROP NICOLE M. LAWRENCE LOUIS J. LOZANO AMY L. LUCIA DEBORAH L. MANDEL WILLIAM B. MARSH MEGAN L. MATTERS JAMILL A. MATTHEWS JAMES P. MCCAMPBELL ANGIE D. MCCONNICO KEITH W. MCDONALD JORGE L. MENDOZA WILLIAM A. MOLINA KIMBERLY J. MOORE TIFFANY J. MOORE DAVID S. MORAN MAYKO L. MOSES LAUREY K. MUNCH NICHOLAS C. MURPHY KEYONA M. NELSON MIGUEL NEMETH TINIKA N. NIXON SOFIYA NUKALO MATTHEW A. OCONNOR MONICA M. OLSON ANGELA D. PALMER EBONY A. PETERMAN DIONNE D. PHILLIPS BENILANI M. PINEDA AKIL RAHMAN ROBERT S. REVELS TIFFANY E. RICHARDS ROBIN C. RIGGS TABITHA L. RILEY WILFREDO E. RIVERASILVA MICHAEL T. ROBERTSON JORGE J. RUBIO ANTHONY M. SABATINI SONIA M. SHAKIR KRISTEN E. SHEAR CHRISTINE C. SHEPHERD LECRESHIA S. SHIELDS ANGELA K. SHRADER MELANIE D. SIMS LAVEETA S. SPRINGER BLAIR M. STONE DUANE N. THOMAS REGINA M. THORP CLAUDIA I. TORRES TRAM N. UNG VIKKI A. VARISCE VERNETTA C. WARNER MARLA A. WASHINGTON DELLENE R. WEBB GREGORY B. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
PHILIP O. ADAMS MICHAEL C. ATCHLEY TYSON G. BAYNES MICHAEL J. CONNER JOSEPH T. COSTELLO JENNIFER L. DEMPSEY SEAN DONOHUE PETER M. DOYLE JESS FELDTMANN SCOTT D. FISHER STEPHANIE M. GASPER JOHN GOTTSCHALK NICHOLAS J. GRANDE, JR. JONATHAN R. HALLER JEFFREY D. HANNAH MELISSA K. HODGES TRAVIS L. JACOBS JULIANNA M. JAYNE MARY M. JOHNSON JASON R. JONES SEON JONES ANDREW R. KENNEDY ADRIENNE M. KRAMER MARGARET M. KUCIA JESSICA A. LARSON YI L. LEE JOSEPH A. LOPEZ HUGH S. MCLEOD IV SHERYL R. MILFORD BRANDON J. MOORE JAMIE B. MORRIS DEBORAH J. OLDFIELD SEAN M. PENARANDA BRYAN B. PICKENS MANISH RAWAT MATTHEW D. RIED JAMES E. ROCKWOOD MATTHEW S. SHURTLEFF LAUREL B. SMITH JILL SPACKMAN SEAN M. SPANBAUER MARY H. STAUDTER BRIAN E. STOLTENBERG SHAWN M. THOMPSON GARY P. TOCCI RAUL VILLALOBOS JERIMIAH D. WALKER TERESA A. WALTERS GEOFFREY A. WASHBURN BENJAMAN M. WUNDERLICH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be major 
JULIA N. ALVAREZ LAURA M. ANDERSON ANDREW J. ARMSTRONG MARY C. AVRIETTE PHILIP A. BOWLING CATHERINE D. BURLISON NATHAN S. CHUMBLER EMILY M. CORBIN SARAH K. CUDD JENNIFER C. EFFLER KERRIE L. FARRAR ELLIOTT R. GARBER DAWN M. HULL ROBERT K. KIM TIFFANY L. KIMBRELL KELLY A. LOVE SARAH A. LUCIANO SHANNON L. MCLEAN SEAN P. MCPECK ALICIA M. MOREAU KRISTINA A. PUGH ELLIOT RAMOSRIVERA ANDREW J. SCHRADER ELAD I. STOTLAND MICHAEL J. VANDERWALKER VIRGINIA C. WHITE APRIL D. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
WENDY M. ADAMIAN CHRYSTAL J. AGNOR MICHAEL L. AHRENS JONATHAN D. AKERS CHRISTOPHER S. ALFEREZ NOLAN H. ANDERSON III BRANDON J. ARCHER MANUEL A. BACCINELLI MICHAEL T. BADDLEY EVETTE C. BARNES DONELL L. BARNETT TANYA A. BARTLETT SATHELIER L. BATES RAYMOND T. BECKMAN DAVID J. BEHRMANN YOLANDA T. BENSON ANDREW T. BIGELOW DANA BRENNER JULIE C. BRIDGES REBEKAH C. BROADY JOCEPHUS S. CARLILE ERICA H. CHAE ANDRE C. CHANCE ANDRE P. CHAPLIN STEVEN S. S. CHO FRANCIS G. CICCHINI CANDICE M. CLARK LAURA L. R. CLARK 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.030 S22FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S923 February 22, 2016 
THOMAS J. CLIFFORD SAMUEL COLEMAN III THOMAS C. COLLINS MICHAEL K. CONNELLY JASON A. CONSTANTINEAU MICHAEL A. COOMBES CESAR A. COSTALES CARA E. COXCOLEMAN JAMIE L. CULBREATH ANGELA R. DAVIS JENNY L. DAVIS ROBERT B. DAVIS AMANDA J. DECKER MARY A. DEJOSEPH PETER J. DELL DARREN D. DENT THOMAS J. DOLCE DIONNE DRAYTON NATHAN A. DREWELOW PHILIP B. DUFF III VINCENT L. DUNCAN CRAIG S. EATON CAITLIN J. EBBETS AIDA M. ECHEVARRIA CLINTON D. ELLIS MARK J. EUSE RAYSON E. EVBUOMWAN KURTIS P. EVICK DEREK L. FELDER JULIAN P. GILBERT WALTER L. GLASCO DANIEL L. GONZALEZ GEORGE C. GOODWYN VANESSA GOOSEN JOHN C. GORBET SUSAN N. GOSINE STEVEN P. GUTIERREZ SARA J. HAIMES CALE T. HAMILTON ELIZABETH E. HAMILTON LAUREN M. HAMLIN GREGORY W. HARE JESSICA M. HARMON DEBBIE A. HARRIS TONJA R. HARRIS TRAVIS C. HELM WILLIAM L. HENJUM JONATHAN P. HICKS EARL W. HIRATA MATTHEW J. HOLUTA VICTORIA L. IJAMES JENNIFER M. IRWIN KARA L. JENSEN ROBBIE S. JOHNSON, JR. JENNIFER A. JONES PHILIP S. KABERLINE WILLIAM T. KILGORE STACEY A. KRAUSS AARON N. KRUPP STEPHEN P. KRUTKO ANGELICA M. LABOONE BETHANY G. LANDECK NABIL H. LATIF GENNARO V. LAYO DARLENE A. LAZARD JUSTIN M. LILLY EHREN A. LINDERMAN BJORN C. LISTERUD MATTHEW L. LOPRESTI ANDREW J. MACCINI JUSTINE J. MAJERES TYLER J. MARK LLOYD A. MASON SETH A. MAYER EUGENIA E. MCDANIEL ROBERT C. MCDONOUGH JOSEPH W. MCGEE, JR. NICOLE L. MCNISH AMASA L. MECHAM LYSSA L. MEHALL JESSE M. MONCIVAIS ERIC R. MOORMAN MICAH J. MORINO CHRISTOPHER D. MORISOLI KRISTI L. MUELLER DUSTIN P. MULLINS JOYCE M. MULLINS ANDREW R. NEIGHBORS JUSTIN C. NEVINS KENESHA D. PACE TODD A. PERRY VIDHIKA M. PERSAUD SANTIAGO PIMIENTA MEGAN E. PITTENGER STEVEN L. PLAXCO WILLIAM A. POLAND LUCAS L. K. POON WENDY L. PRICE LUIS J. QUINONESVARGAS RYAN M. RAUSCH SAMANTHA S. RIEGER DEVON V. RILEY MATTHEW C. RILEY AARON F. ROBERTS JOSEPH T. ROBINETTE CHARMEON W. ROBINSON THOMAS F. ROBINSON TAMMY L. ROHRBACH ROBERTO SANCHEZPEREZ JODI L. SANTIAGO VERONICA F. SCHOENBORN SEAN P. SEAY RALPH J. SEPULVEDA LACEY M. SHARKEY WILLIAM T. SHONTZ BRYAN D. SHRIVES DAVID L. SMITH BOBBI S. SNOWDEN PERRY C. SOSEBEE, JR. JAMIE L. SPAYDE DAWN N. STEPHENS SARAH M. SUBLETT DERREK M. SUMMERS KENNETH W. SWANSON SIERRA A. L. SYMONETTE KAREN E. THOMAS SARA V. TURINSKY KARL V. UMBRASAS DANIELLE A. VAZQUEZ ERICK M. VINES ALIZA L. VINSON BETHANY A. WAGNER NATHAN T. WAGNER HEATHER M. WAITE WILLIAM K. WHITE ERIK C. WIESEHAN ANDREW T. WILSON FABIOLA WILSON JENNIFER D. WILSON DANIEL W. WINNIE RYAN D. WOOD RONALD L. WOODBURY EDDIE S. WRIGHT GINA M. WRIGHT CHARLES J. WYATT RENDY F. YUDHISTIRA DAVID C. ZGONC VICTOR E. ZOTTIG D011667 D012433 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
VERNITA M. CORBETT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MATTHEW H. ADAMS LARRY A. BABIN, JR. CHAD B. BALFANZ JACOB D. BASHORE RYAN BEERY CANDACE M. BESHERSE BRADFORD D. BIGLER JOHN W. BROOKER BAILEY W. BROWN III STEVEN J. COLLINS JESSICA CONN MELISSA R. COVOLESKY PATRICK L. DAVIS CHRISTIAN L. DEICHERT DANIEL D. DERNER JEROME P. DUGGAN DAVID A. DULANEY CHRISTOPHER M. FORD LAWRENCE P. GILBERT RICHARD E. GORINI JOHN J. GOWEL KATHERINE S. GOWEL PATRICK B. GRANT KELLI A. HOOKE SCOTT Z. HUGHES NATHAN P. JACOBS KEVIN M. JINKS SALLY M. JUAREZ KEIRSTEN H. KENNEDY DANIEL R. KICZA MATTHEW A. KRAUSE GARY R. LEVY, JR. KEVIN A. MCCARTHY TODD A. MESSINGER DONALD L. POTTS KRISTY L. RADIO TERESA L. RAYMOND ROBERT A. RODRIGUES VINCENT T. SHULER ANDREW J. SMITH GREGORY T. STRICKER TIMOTHY W. THOMAS MEGAN WAKEFIELD D012453 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL F. COERPER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be colonel 
WILLIAM D. ROSE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER IN THE GRADE INDI-CATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MARK W. MANOSO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER IN THE GRADE INDI-CATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ERIC F. SABETY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MATTHEW T. ALLEN VANCE R. BEATTY BRIAN T. BITTNER SAMUEL H. BLAIR THOMAS K. BREWER WILLIAM R. BRIDGES TIMOTHY B. BROCK LOWELL E. BRUHN JEFFREY C. BUENAVENTURA JEFFREY L. BURKHOLDER MATTHEW J. CAMPBELL PAUL J. COLWELL MORGAN M. DIETZEL ERIC T. FAIRCLOTH GRAHAM D. FLETTERICH ANDREW S. FOOR GREGORY E. HITT PRESTON S. HOOPS CARLOS M. IGUINA CHRISTOPHER D. IVEY JOHN B. JUDY KRISTOPHER J. KELLOGG SCOTT M. KENNICOTT ANDREW L. LAIDLER WINSTON B. LANGHAM KRISTOPHER R. LEWIS YILEI LIU CATHERINE S. LONG DOUGLAS K. MCKENZIE NICHOLAS G. MILLER CHRISTOPHER B. MINICK JASON M. MOODY GARRETT T. MOORE GAROLD I. MUNSON GREGORY A. PAULUS RUSSELL G. PAV TIMOTHY D. PONSHOCK ERIC T. REGNIER JOSE J. REYES DAVID R. RINEHART JONATHAN M. ROGAN ALBERTO C. RUIZ PATRICK D. SHOUVLIN PATRICK R. STONE DAVID K. TAWEEL JUDSON J. C. THOMAS JAMIE A. TURF ADAM R. TURPIN GERALD E. VINEYARD JASON I. WELLS JASON M. WILLIAMS ADAM C. WISEMAN JOSHUA F. ZIMMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
RICHARD W. LANG MARCO A. MARTINEZ HERNAN PINILLA BRADLEY E. SHEMLUCK 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on Feb-ruary 22, 2016 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF ERIC N. RUMPF, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 13, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jun 09, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD16\FEB2016\S22FE6.REC S22FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE181 February 22, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-ruary 23, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 24 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Renewable Fuel Standard. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine ending mod-ern slavery. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the Zika virus, focusing on addressing the grow-ing public health threat. SD–430 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of The American Legion. SH–216 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Army. SD–192 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act, focusing on opportunities for improvement to support state and local governments. SD–342 2 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of State. SD–124 2:15 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-land Security To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Homeland Security. SD–192 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. SD–138 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold closed hearings to examine Iran’s intelligence and unconventional military capabilities. SVC–217 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine opioid use among seniors, focusing on issues and emerging trends. SD–562 FEBRUARY 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Brad R. Carson, of Oklahoma, to be Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Jennifer M. O’Connor, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, and Todd A. Weiler, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the De-partment of Defense. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Business meeting to consider the Chair-man’s mark on biotechnology labeling solutions. SR–328A Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine connecting patients to new and potential life sav-ing treatments. SD–342 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine changes to the United States patent system and impacts on America’s small businesses. SR–428A 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Justice. SD–192 1:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Tribal Law and Order Act 5 years later, focus-ing on the next steps to improve jus-tice systems in Indian communities. SH–216 2 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of John B. King, of New York, to be Secretary of Education. SD–430 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest To hold hearings to examine the impact of high-skilled immigration on United States workers. SD–226 MARCH 2 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commis-sion. SR–253 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars. SD–G50 MARCH 3 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold hearings to examine regulatory reforms to improve equity market structure. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple Veterans Service Organiza-tions. CHOB–345 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M22FE8.000 E22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE182 February 22, 2016 
MARCH 9 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold an oversight hearing to examine the enforcement of the antitrust laws. SD–226 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017 for Indian Country. SD–628 MARCH 16 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple Veterans Service Organiza-tions. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M22FE8.000 E22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D146 Monday, February 22, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S889–S923 Measures Introduced: Six bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 2558–2563, and S. Res. 371.
                                                                          Page S910 
Measures Reported: S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
       Page S910 
Measures Passed: John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources Sys-tem: Committee on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 890, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Florida, and the bill was then passed.
               Page S914 
Illiana Health Care System: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of H.R. 3262, to provide for the conveyance of land of the Illiana Health Care System of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois, and the bill was then passed.
                                Page S914 
Commission on Care: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4437, to extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care, and the bill was then passed.
                    Page S914 
‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4056, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic, Or-lando, Florida, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                              Page S914 
Office of Strategic Services Congressional Gold Medal Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of S. 2234, to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in recognition of their supe-rior service and major contributions during World War II, and the bill was then passed.       Pages S914–15 
Congratulating the Denver Broncos: Senate agreed to S. Res. 371, congratulating the Denver Broncos for winning Super Bowl 50.
                Page S915 
Washington’s Farewell Address: Senator Coons performed the traditional reading of Washington’s Farewell Address.
                                                 Pages S889–93 
Califf Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commis-sioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services.
                                                           Page S907 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 80 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 24), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomina-tion.
                                                                                    Page S907 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, February 23, 2016; and that all time during the re-cess and adjournment of the Senate count post-clo-ture on the nomination.
                                           Page S915 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Christine Ann Elder, of Kentucky, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Liberia. Elizabeth Holzhall Richard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Lebanese Republic. The following named officer for appointment to the grade indicated in the United States Army Med-ical Service Corps under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: 8 Army nominations in the rank of general. 10 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                                                       Page S915 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22FE6.REC D22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D147 February 22, 2016 
A routine list in the Foreign Service.           Page S923 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S910 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S910 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S910–12 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S912–13 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S908–10 
Notices of Intent:                                                      Page S913 
Notices of Hearings/Meetings:                  Pages S913–14 Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—24)
                                                                     Page S907 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:56 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 23, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S915.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of S. Con. Res. 31. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D129) 
H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanc-tions against the Government of North Korea. Signed on February 18, 2016. (Public Law 114–122) H.R. 907, to improve defense cooperation be-tween the United States and the Hashemite King-dom of Jordan. Signed on February 18, 2016. (Pub-lic Law 114–123) H.R. 3033, to require the President’s annual budget request to Congress each year to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the National Science Foundation and to require the National Science Foundation to conduct research on dyslexia. Signed on February 18, 2016. (Public Law 114–124) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2016 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine U.S. Pacific Command and U.S. Forces Korea in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to exam-ine defense health care reform, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy atomic energy defense activities and programs in review of the defense author-ization request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine passenger rail, focusing on opportunities and challenges for the national network, 9:45 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine the Magnuson- Stevens Act at 40, focusing on successes, challenges, and the path forward, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the opioid epidemic, focusing on challenges and opportuni-ties, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22FE6.REC D22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD148 February 22, 2016 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine Every Student Succeeds Act im-plementation in states and school districts, focusing on perspectives from education leaders, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the unaccompanied children crisis, focusing on how to stop the border surge and adequately monitor the chil-dren, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for Veterans’ Programs and fiscal year 2018 advance appropriations request, 10 a.m., SR–418. Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Vet-erans, 2 p.m., 345, Cannon Building. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, budget hearing on the Office of Management and Budget, 3 p.m., 2359 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Commerce, 4:30 p.m., H–309 Capitol. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2406, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’; H.R. 3624, the ‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Persian Gulf War: An Assessment of Health Outcomes on the 25th Anniversary’’, 4:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., 345, Cannon Building. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of February 23 through February 26, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, post-clo-ture. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Feb- ruary 25, business meeting to consider the Chairman’s mark on biotechnology labeling solutions, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: February 24, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Army, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. February 24, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–124. February 24, Subcommittee on Department of Home-land Security, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Homeland Security, 2:15 p.m., SD–192. February 24, Subcommittee on Energy and Water De-velopment, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. February 25, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Justice, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: February 23, to hold hear-ings to examine U.S. Pacific Command and U.S. Forces Korea in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. February 23, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy atomic energy defense activities and programs in review of the defense authorization request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. February 23, Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hear-ings to examine defense health care reform, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. February 24, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold closed hearings to examine Iran’s in-telligence and unconventional military capabilities, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Brad R. Carson, of Oklahoma, to be Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Jen-nifer M. O’Connor, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, and Todd A. Weiler, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Sec-retary, all of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb- ruary 23, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine passenger rail, focusing on op-portunities and challenges for the national network, 9:45 a.m., SR–253. February 23, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine the Magnuson-Stevens Act at 40, focusing on successes, challenges, and the path forward, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: February 23, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22FE6.REC D22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D149 February 22, 2016 budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: February 24, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Renewable Fuel Standard, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: February 23, to hold hearings to examine the opioid epidemic, focusing on challenges and opportunities, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: February 23, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. February 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine ending modern slavery, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Feb- ruary 23, to hold hearings to examine Every Student Suc-ceeds Act implementation in states and school districts, focusing on perspectives from education leaders, 10 a.m., SD–430. February 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the Zika virus, focusing on addressing the growing public health threat, 10 a.m., SD–430. February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nomination of John B. King, of New York, to be Secretary of Education, 2 p.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: February 24, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, focusing on opportuni-ties for improvement to support state and local govern-ments, 10:30 a.m., SD–342. February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine connecting patients to new and potential life sav-ing treatments, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: February 25, to hold hear-ings to examine the Tribal Law and Order Act 5 years later, focusing on the next steps to improve justice sys-tems in Indian communities, 1:30 p.m., SH–216. Committee on the Judiciary: February 23, to hold hearings to examine the unaccompanied children crisis, focusing on how to stop the border surge and adequately monitor the children, 10 a.m., SD–226. February 25, Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest, to hold hearings to examine the impact of high-skilled immigration on United States workers, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Feb- ruary 25, to hold hearings to examine changes to the United States patent system and impacts on America’s small businesses, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: February 23, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017 for Veterans’ Programs and fis-cal year 2018 advance appropriations request, 10 a.m., SR–418. February 23, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., 345, Cannon Building. February 24, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SH–216. Select Committee on Intelligence: February 23, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. February 25, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: February 24, to hold hear-ings to examine opioid use among seniors, focusing on issues and emerging trends, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, February 24, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘State of the Rural Economy’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. February 25, Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, hearing to review the G–20 swap data reporting goals, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, February 24, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the United States Forest Service, 9:30 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, budget hearing on the Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs, budget hearing on the De-partment of State and Foreign Assistance, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on USDA Food and Nutrition Service, 10:15 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the De-partment of Justice, 10:30 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hear-ing on United States European Command, 11 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. February 24, Subcommittee on Transportation, Hous-ing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Transportation, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on USDA Food Safety and In-spection Service, 2:30 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. February 25, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Indian Health Service, 9 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. February 25, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on Veterans Affairs Office of the Inspector General, 9:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. February 25, Subcommittee on Defense, budget hear-ing on the Department of Defense, 10 a.m., 2359 Ray-burn. February 25, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, budget hearing on De-partment of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22FE6.REC D22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD150 February 22, 2016 February 25, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Food and Drug Admin-istration, 10:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. February 25, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation, 1 p.m., B–308 Ray-burn. February 25, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Federal Bureau of Investigation, 2 p.m., H–309 Capitol. February 25, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, budget hearing on the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. February 26, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on USDA Natural Resources and Environment, 9:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. February 26, Subcommittee on Energy and Water De-velopment, budget hearing on the Army Corps of Engi-neers, 9:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. February 26, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on quality of life in the military, 9:30 a.m., 2362–B Ray-burn. Committee on Armed Services, February 24, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Challenge of Conventional and Hybrid Warfare in the Asia-Pacific Region: The Changing the Nature of the Security Environment and Its Effect on Military Planning’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2017 Science and Technology Programs: De-fense Innovation to Create the Future Military Force’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hear-ing entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategic Forces Posture’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Defense Health Agency: Budgeting and Structure’’, 5 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Full Spectrum Security Challenges in Europe and Their Effects on Deterrence and Defense’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 25, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projec-tion Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Navy 2017 Budget Request and Seapower and Projection Forces’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. February 26, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Department of the Army 2017 Budget Request and Readiness Posture’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 26, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Medical Readiness in the Fu-ture’’, 9:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, February 24, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Policies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Education’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps for K–12 Education: Upholding the Letter and In-tent of the Every Student Succeeds Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, February 24, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2017 HHS Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘DOE for the 21st Century: Science, Environment, and National Security Missions’’, 11:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. February 26, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufac-turing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: 3D Printing’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, February 24, Sub-committee on Capital Markets and Government Spon-sored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III on the Fixed Income Mar-ket and Securitizations’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. February 25, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Puerto Rico’s Debt Crisis and Its Impact on the Bond Markets’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. February 25, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of International Regulatory Standards on the Competitiveness of U.S. Insurers: Part II’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, February 24, Full Com-mittee, markup on H. Res. 148, calling on the govern-ment of Iran to fulfill their promises of assistance in this case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States hostage in our Nation’s history; H. Res. 551, recognizing the importance of the United States-Israel economic rela-tionship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; H.R. 3924, the ‘‘Global Development Lab of 2015’’; and H.R. 4403, the ‘‘Enhancing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations; Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Establishing Accountability at the World Intellec-tual Property Organization: Illicit Technology Transfers, Whistleblowing, and Reform’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. February 24, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Boko Haram: The Islamist Insurgency in West Africa’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening U.S. Leadership in a Turbulent World: The FY 2017 Foreign Affairs Budget’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, February 25, Sub-committee on Oversight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Probing DHS’s Botched Management of the Human Resources Information Technology Program’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. February 25, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infra-structure Protection, and Security Technologies, hearing entitled ‘‘Emerging Cyber Threats to the United States’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. February 26, Subcommittee on Emergency Prepared-ness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22FE6.REC D22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D151 February 22, 2016 ‘‘Food for Thought: Efforts to Defend the Nation’s Agri-culture and Food’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, February 24, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 3892, the ‘‘Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designation Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. February 24, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Triple Threat to Workers and Households: Impacts of Federal Regulations on Jobs, Wages and Startups’’, 3 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Inter-national Conflicts of Law Concerning Cross Border Data Flow and Law Enforcement Requests’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, February 24, Sub-committee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The 2016 California Water Supply Outlook During the El Nin˜o and Three Years of Restricted Water Deliveries’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. February 24, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Imposition of New Reg-ulations Through the President’s Memorandum on Miti-gation’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. February 24, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 3477, the ‘‘Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act’’; and H.R. 3599, the ‘‘Eastern Band Cherokee His-toric Lands Reacquisition Act’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Department of Treasury’s Analysis of the Situation in Puerto Rico’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. February 25, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 2316, the ‘‘Self-Sufficient Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 3650, the ‘‘State National Forest Management Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3826, the ‘‘Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act’’; H.R. 4510, the ‘‘Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act’’; and H.R. 4579, the ‘‘Utah Test and Training Range Encroachment Prevention and Temporary Closure Act’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, February 24, Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘The Zika Virus: Coordination of a Multi-Agency Response’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Secu-rity Clearance Reform: The Performance Accountability Council’s Path Forward’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. February 25, Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Consumer Operated and Oriented Plans (CO–OPs)’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. February 26, Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Federal Ve-hicles’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, February 24, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Unlocking the Secrets of the Universe: Gravitational Waves’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Space Leadership Preservation Act and the Need for Sta-bility at NASA’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, February 25, Subcommittee on Contracting and the Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Hotline Truths: Issues Raised by Recent Audits of De-fense Contracting’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, February 24, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of United States Army Corps of Engineers Reports to Congress on Future Water Re-sources Development and Chief’s Reports’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. February 25, Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthoriza-tion of DOT’s Pipeline Safety Program’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, February 25, Full Com-mittee, business meeting for the official Committee photo of the 114th Congress; markup of pending legislation, 10:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, February 24, Full Com-mittee, hearing on the global tax environment in 2016 and how recent developments are further escalating the immediate need to reform and modernize the U.S. inter-national tax system, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats’’, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: February 23, Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., 345, Cannon Building. February 24, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22FE6.REC D22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD152 February 22, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Tuesday, February 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of S. Con. Res. 31. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22FE6.REC D22FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST