Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3917 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 2016 No. 96 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, thank You for giving us another day. As we come to the end of a legislative week, begun after a most terrible trag-edy in Orlando, we ask Your blessing of strength and perseverance that each Member might best serve their con-stituents and our entire Nation. May it be their purpose to see to the hopes of so many Americans that they authenticate the grandeur and glory of the ideals and principles of our Repub-lic with the work they do. Grant that the men and women of the people’s House find the courage and wisdom to work together to forge solu-tions to the many needs of our Nation and ease the anxieties of so many. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. COURTNEY led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
SUPPORTING USE OF AMERICAN ENERGY SOURCES AT MILITARY INSTALLATIONS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose entering into contracts for energy or fuel with the Russian Federation for the purpose of heating our military installations. I have longstanding concerns regard-ing the prospect of American military installations in Europe being exposed to unnecessary vulnerabilities as a re-sult of becoming dependent upon for-eign energy resources. Russian natural gas already makes up a majority of the fuel mix used at some military posts, and we cannot allow Russian coal or natural gas to take control of the dif-ference. This is a national security issue. By purchasing energy from areas that are impacted by volatile international or regional politics, we are putting our troops and their dependents at risk. The United States has become the North American energy giant. With congressional action to lift a 40-year moratorium on crude oil exports, we are seeing new markets develop. We must ensure our families in Europe are provided a choice. Similarly, we must utilize American-sourced energy to strategically support our military in-stallations overseas. This is about countering Russian ag-gressions—saying ‘‘no’’ to Russian en-ergy and saying ‘‘yes’’ to American jobs and security. VOTE ON NO FLY, NO BUY (Mr. COURTNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Calvin Coolidge once said that nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not. Genius will not. Education will not. Persist-ence and determination alone are om-nipotent. Yesterday, U.S. Senator C
HRIS MUR-
PHYof Connecticut reminded us of the truth of that statement when, for 15 hours, he stood on the floor of the United States Senate and refused to yield until he got a commitment from the Republican leadership of the Sen-ate to hold a vote on a no fly, no buy piece of legislation to restrict people on the terrorist watch list from buying firearms and also for having a com-monsense background check reform which allows Internet sales and gun show sales to be included in the back-ground check system, which is sup-ported by 53 percent of NRA house-holds. Mr. Speaker, finally, at 2:11 a.m., he got a commitment for those votes. I congratulate him. I am proud of him, as a fellow Connecticut citizen, for the persistence and courage that he dem-onstrated to the world yesterday on the floor of the United States Senate. It is time for us now in the House to do the same. We have tried 12 times in the House to force a vote on these measures, which the public is craving by huge majorities. After the events of this last week, it is time for us to lis-ten to C
HRIS MURPHY , to follow his ex-ample, to thank him for his leadership and persistence and courage. Let’s do what the American people are looking for: ways to protect us from these mass shootings of which there are far too many and that are far too damaging to the people of this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.000 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3918 June 16, 2016 
GULFSTREAM G650ER ADDS ANOTHER SPEED RECORD (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to recognize another mile-stone that has been achieved by the Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation with the G650ER airplane’s most recent city-to-city record. This time, the aircraft and crew, which included pilots Todd Baker, Eric Kauber, Jon Wolfe, and flight attend-ant Elisa Dichiara, departed from the Sydney Airport in Sydney, Australia, at 7:11 a.m. local time and landed at Los Angeles International Airport at 1:51 a.m. local time. The flight only took 12 hours and 40 minutes, with an average cruise speed of Mach 0.86. The record was approved by the U.S. National Aeronautic Asso-ciation, and it will most likely be ap-proved as a world record by the Inter-national Federation in Switzerland. Together, the Gulfstream’s airplanes G650ER and its sister plane, the G650, hold more than 55 total world records. I am very proud to represent Gulfstream’s facility, located in Savan-nah, Georgia, which is a world leader in private planes, one of Georgia’s First Congressional District’s largest em-ployers and a constant producer of truly amazing airplanes. I congratulate them on their success. 
f 
RESPECT AND DIGNITY FOR OUR LGBT NEIGHBORS (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, on a summer day in 1984, a young gay man named Charlie Howard was walking down the street in Bangor, Maine. A car full of teenagers pulled up, and they started yelling slurs at him. They chased him down, beat him up, and threw him in a river, where he drowned. Since then, we have made a lot of progress on LGBT rights in Maine. We passed civil rights protections, and we passed marriage equality. In Maine, as in the rest of the country, we have come far; but as the shooting in Or-lando has reminded us, we still have a long way to go. We are reminded that LGBT men or women can suddenly find themselves facing the same fear that Charlie Howard probably felt on that bridge in Bangor, Maine, over 30 years ago. Civil rights and marriage equality are very important, but they are not enough. We must not rest until our LGBT neighbors enjoy the respect and dignity that they deserve and until they do not feel that their safety is at risk because of who they are. CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF RON BULLOCK (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Ron Bullock, who passed away on June 8 at the age of 73. Ron was an entrepreneur and a champion of Illinois and of American manufacturing. Born in 1942 in Dayton, Ohio, Ron graduated from Wright State Univer-sity with a degree in aeronautical engi-neering. In 1987, he founded Bison Gear & Engineering in St. Charles, Illinois. Their gear and gear boxes are found in everything from ice machines to mas-sage beds. He also served as chairman of the Manufacturing Institute, the Il-linois Manufacturers’ Association, and the IMA’s Education Foundation. Ron worked personally with me and my staff on legislation to help manu-facturers expand and hire more people. He gave back to his community, enlist-ing his employees through BisonCares to help people in need. He was a found-ing member of the Illinois P–20 Coun-cil, which is dedicated to providing educational opportunities for students across Illinois. A husband, a father, a grandfather, Ron led an exemplary career and life, and he will be missed. f 
STOP GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. LOWEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, the Or-lando shooting reminds us there is too much that has been left undone to stop gun violence. The Republicans have voted 13 times to retain the outrageous loophole that allows suspected terrorists to legally purchase weapons—and not just on the House floor. The Republican majority rejected my no fly, no buy amendment five times in the Appropriations Com-mittee. In a 2011 video, al Qaeda noted the ac-cessibility of guns in the U.S., asking: So what are we waiting for? The real question is: What are we waiting for? Americans agree with pro-hibiting terror suspects from pur-chasing guns, and Congress is overdue to act. 
f 
DELAWARE VALLEY REGIONAL HIGH SCHOOL VARSITY BASE-BALL TEAM (Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Delaware Valley Re-gional High School varsity baseball team for winning the 2016 New Jersey Group 2 State Championship. After a season of hard work and de-termination, these talented young men defeated Delran High School 3–2 to bring home their first title since 1959. The team accomplished an unprece-dented season performance with 18 wins. I congratulate superintendent Daria Wasserbach, principal Adrienne Olcott, head coach Marty White, athletic di-rector Bill Deniz, and captains C.J. Schaible, Christian Hlinka, Scott Becker, Jake Brogan, and Kevin Delatte, as well as all of their team-mates, for their hard work and dedica-tion to the team. This marks another proud accomplishment for the Dela-ware Valley Regional High School Ath-letics Department. These talented young men should be proud of their hard work, and I con-gratulate them on the outstanding achievement of bringing the title back to their school. Well done, Terriers. f 
CLOSE THE GUN LAW LOOPHOLES (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, this morning, as I watched some news re-ports of my good friend C
HRIS MUR-
PHY’s closing comments on the Senate floor, I thought about another period of time in this country that focused on some real troubling circumstances that existed. A man named Thomas Paine sat down to write what he felt. He wrote: ‘‘These are times that try men’s souls. The summer soldier and the Sunshine patriot will, in this crisis, shrink from the service of their coun-try; but he that stands by it now de-serves the love and thanks of man and woman. Tyranny, like hell, is not eas-ily conquered; yet we have this con-solation with us that, the harder the conflict, the more glorious the tri-umph.’’ We are living in some trying times. This House, for some reason, is refus-ing to stand up and face the con-sequences of what we are about to live if we don’t close these loopholes that exist in our gun laws. Mr. Speaker, in a few minutes, we are going to be debating a piece of legisla-tion that we have already voted on, but it didn’t stop Orlando or Charleston. Tomorrow, as we commemorate the first anniversary of the Emanuel nine, I would hope we would give serious consideration to closing these loop-holes. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF ROD BLUECHEL (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the memory of a veteran who always looked for ways to serve his brothers in arms. This Saturday, June 18, Rod Bluechel will be inducted into the Vietnam Me-morial’s In Memory program, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.002 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3919 June 16, 2016 
honors many veterans whose eventual passings were related to their service. Rod served honorably in the United States Army from 1960 to 1963, during which time he deployed to Vietnam. On April 2, 2014, Mr. Bluechel died of causes related to his exposure to Agent Orange during his service. He was known in the Kennewick, Washington, area for his work with the Columbia Basin Veterans Coalition, especially for his efforts on behalf of homeless veterans. Mr. Bluechel took to heart the moral mandate our Nation holds: ‘‘to care for him who shall have borne the battle.’’ It is my hope that we can best remem-ber his service by following his exam-ple. 
f 
b0915 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 16, 2016 at 8:45 a.m.: S. 2943 Passed. S. Res. 493 Relative to the death of Senator Voinovich. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
COUNTERING TERRORIST RADICALIZATION ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5471) to combat terrorist recruit-ment in the United States, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5471 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—AMPLIFYING LOCAL EFFORTS TO ROOT OUT TERROR Sec. 101. Countering violent extremism training. Sec. 102. Countering violent extremism as-sessment. Sec. 103. Department-sponsored clearances. Sec. 104. Definitions. TITLE II—COUNTERMESSAGING TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS Sec. 201. Directive. TITLE III—COUNTERTERRORISM ADVISORY BOARD Sec. 301. Department of Homeland Security Counterterrorism Advisory Board. TITLE IV—PROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING Sec. 401. Prohibition on new funding. TITLE I—AMPLIFYING LOCAL EFFORTS TO ROOT OUT TERROR 
SEC. 101. COUNTERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM TRAINING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF TRAINING .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security is authorized to provide training for personnel, including De-partment of Homeland Security personnel, State, local, tribal, and territorial represent-atives at State and major urban area fusion centers for the purpose of administering community awareness briefings and related activities in furtherance of the Department’s efforts to counter violent extremism, iden-tify and report suspicious activities, and in-crease awareness of and more quickly iden-tify terrorism threats, including the travel or attempted travel of individuals from the United States to support a foreign terrorist organization (as such term is described in section 219 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)) abroad. (b) C
OORDINATION .—To the extent prac-ticable, in providing the training under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall coordinate with the heads of other Federal agencies en-gaged in community outreach related to countering violent extremism and shall also coordinate with such agencies in the admin-istration of related activities, including community awareness briefings. 
SEC. 102. COUNTERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM AS-SESSMENT. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with appropriate State, local, tribal, and territorial representatives, shall assess the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security to support countering violent extremism at the State, local, tribal, and territorial levels. Such assessment shall include each of the following: (1) A cataloging of departmental efforts to assist State, local, tribal, and territorial governments in countering violent extre-mism. (2) A review of cooperative agreements be-tween the Department and such governments relating to countering violent extremism. (3) An evaluation of departmental plans and any potential opportunities to better support such governments that are in fur-therance of the Department’s countering vio-lent extremism objectives and are consistent with all relevant constitutional, legal, and privacy protections. (b) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and consistent with the protec-tion of classified information, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees the find-ings of the assessment required under sub-section (a) together with any related infor-mation regarding best practices for coun-tering violent extremism at the State, local, tribal, and territorial levels. SEC. 103. DEPARTMENT-SPONSORED CLEAR-ANCES. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall notify the appro-priate congressional committees of the num-ber of employees of State, local, tribal, and territorial governments with security clear-ances sponsored by the Department of Home-land Security. Such notification shall in-clude a detailed list of the agencies that em-ploy such employees, the level of clearance held by such employees, and whether such employees are assigned as representatives to State and major urban area fusion centers. 
SEC. 104. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘violent extremism’’ means ideologically motivated international ter-rorism or domestic terrorism, as such terms are defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code. TITLE II—COUNTERMESSAGING TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS 
SEC. 201. DIRECTIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall incorporate, to the ex-tent practicable, into Department of Home-land Security efforts to combat terrorist re-cruitment and communications the public testimonials of former violent extremists or their associates, including friends and fam-ily. Such efforts may include the following: (1) Countermessaging of foreign terrorist organization communications and nar-ratives. (2) Related community engagement and public education efforts. (b) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall, where appropriate, co-ordinate the efforts described in subsection (a) with the heads of other Federal depart-ments and agencies, as appropriate, and, to the extent practicable, engage nongovern-mental and international partners in the identification and use of testimonials de-scribed in such subsection. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to collect testimonials directly from former violent ex-tremists or their associates, including friends and family. TITLE III—COUNTERTERRORISM ADVISORY BOARD 
SEC. 301. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY COUNTERTERRORISM ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At the end of subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.) insert the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 210G. DEPARTMENTAL COORDINATION ON COUNTERTERRORISM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is in the De-partment a board to be composed of senior representatives of departmental operational components and headquarters elements. The purpose of the board shall be to coordinate and integrate departmental intelligence, ac-tivities, and policy related to the counterter-rorism mission and functions of the Depart-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.003 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3920 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(b) C HARTER .—There shall be a charter to govern the structure and mission of the board. Such charter shall direct the board to focus on the current threat environment and the importance of aligning departmental counterterrorism activities under the Sec-retary’s guidance. The charter shall be re-viewed and updated every four years, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERS .— ‘‘(1) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall appoint a Coordinator for Counterterrorism within the Department who will serve as the chair of the board. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Secretary shall appoint additional members of the board from among the following: ‘‘(A) The Transportation Security Admin-istration. ‘‘(B) United States Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(C) United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. ‘‘(D) The Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(E) The Coast Guard. ‘‘(F) United States Citizenship and Immi-gration Services. ‘‘(G) The United States Secret Service. ‘‘(H) The National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate. ‘‘(I) The Office of Operations Coordination. ‘‘(J) The Office of the General Counsel. ‘‘(K) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. ‘‘(L) The Office of Policy. ‘‘(M) The Science and Technology Direc-torate. ‘‘(N) Other Departmental offices and pro-grams as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .—The board shall meet on a regular basis to discuss intelligence and co-ordinate ongoing threat mitigation efforts and departmental activities, including co-ordination with other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector part-ners, and shall make recommendations to the Secretary. ‘‘(e) T
ERRORISM ALERTS .—The board shall advise the Secretary on the issuance of ter-rorism alerts pursuant to section 203 of this Act. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— No additional funds are authorized to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210F the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 210G. Departmental coordination on counterterrorism.’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Coordinator for Counterterrorism, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on the status and activities of the board established under sec-tion 210G of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). TITLE IV—PROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING 
SEC. 401. PROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we are a nation at war, and our own city streets have once again become the front lines. The trag-edy in Orlando is the deadliest ter-rorist attack on American soil in the homeland since 9/11. It reminds us that nearly 15 years after that fateful day, our enemies are still dead set on at-tacking us from outside and from with-in. To defend our Nation, we need to take decisive action, and that is why we are here today. We will not stand on the sidelines while fanatics try to brainwash Americans. We will not allow Islamist radicals to bring terror to our cities. We will not wait pa-tiently and hope the threat goes away. To honor the memory of the victims in Orlando, we must dedicate ourselves to preventing terrorists from gaining a foothold in our communities. That is why, today, I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 5471, the Countering Ter-rorist Radicalization Act. The bill is an important step toward stopping acts of terror in our homeland, and I only wish it had been sent to the President’s desk sooner. We have combined three counterter-rorism bills into one. All of the bills were voted out of the House earlier this year with strong, bipartisan majori-ties. Together, these measures ramp up our efforts to keep violent extremists from luring Americans down the path to violence. This bill will put into place measures to help communities spot signs of vio-lent radicalization and to actively combat the propaganda of terrorist groups like ISIS. For instance, it re-quires the Department of Homeland Se-curity to use the testimonials of former extremists to dissuade others from making the wrong choice. Such individuals know the brutality of ter-rorist groups firsthand, and they can be powerful messengers for shutting down radical recruitment. Overall, this bill implements several important recommendations from a bi-partisan task force we created last year to look at the threat and vulnera-bilities to the homeland. Task force members found glaring gaps in our se-curity and declared that we were not doing enough here at home to fight ter-ror and terrorist radicalization—and they were right. Islamist terrorists were working to infiltrate our country online and across borders, and we have failed to keep up with the pace. In just the past 2 years, ISIS alone has been linked to nearly 100 plots against the West, and the United States was the top target. Sadly, the violence has become so frequent that we have begun referring to attacks by their location: Boston, Chattanooga, Paris, San Bernardino, Brussels, and now Orlando. We must re-solve to do everything in our power to keep our cities from being added to this deadly list, and today we can make a difference. I would like to thank Representa-tives J
OHNKATKO , BARRY LOUDERMILK , and C
HUCK FLEISCHMANN for their lead-ership on these bills that were incor-porated into this piece of legislation. I would also like to thank the commit-tee’s ranking member, B
ENNIE THOMP -
SON, for his leadership and the other Democrats on our committee for their bipartisan work on this task force and on these measures. While radicalism may be resurgent worldwide, I want to remind my col-leagues that we still have the upper hand. Our resilient response to the Or-lando tragedy has sent a message to America’s enemies that we will not be intimidated, we will not allow fanatics to attack our freedoms, and that re-solve will allow us to prevail over any-one who seeks to do this country harm. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5471, the Countering Terrorism Radicalization Act. Mr. Speaker, America is still absorb-ing the devastation that was inflicted on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, over the weekend. This attack is the deadliest mass shooting in Amer-ican history. Forty-nine innocent, mostly young, people were killed, and 53 others were maimed. We do not know with any certainty what exactly drove the perpetrators to carry out this hateful act, but there is one thing we do know beyond the shad-ow of a doubt: divisive rhetoric that pits Americans against each other and empty gestures will do nothing to heal Orlando’s deep wounds or prevent the next attack. Unfortunately, railing against the American Muslim community is all that some, including the presumptive Republican nominee, are offering. Meanwhile, empty gestures like yet an-other moment of silence and an expe-dited House consideration of repack-aged measures that are already pend-ing in the Senate is as far as the House Republican leadership is willing to go. Although there is little to object to in H.R. 5471, particularly since it codi-fies what the Department of Homeland Security is already doing, it is impor-tant to state on the record that it of-fers little response to the Orlando at-tack. Sadly, when it comes to preventing mass shootings in houses of worship, schools, workplaces, or other public spaces, the American public has come to expect very little from this Con-gress. The legislation before us today 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.003 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3921 June 16, 2016 
will not change that. It authorizes a counterterrorism coordinating body that already exists within DHS; train-ing on how to do community awareness briefings, which DHS already does; the utilization of public testimonies to counter violent extremism, which the Department has repeatedly told Con-gress it already has the authority to do; and an assessment of how DHS partners with local communities to counter violent extremism. The House has spoken on provisions of H.R. 5471, and DHS is already car-rying out the activities it authorizes. As such, there is nothing objectionable on the four corners of the pages of this bill, Mr. Speaker. What I do object to, Mr. Speaker, is the House not acting on measures that could help prevent the next mass shooting. For instance, there is H.R. 1076, the so-called No Fly, No Buy Act, a bipartisan measure introduced by my Republican colleague from the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, P
ETER  K
ING, to allow the FBI to prohibit a person on the terrorist watch list from purchasing a firearm. Mr. Speaker, you can’t fly, but you can buy a gun in the United States of America. This could be and should be fixed. Closing this Homeland Security gap in our laws has the support of 83 per-cent of Americans, including gun own-ers like myself. Moreover, 180 Members of this Chamber have signaled their support by signing a discharge petition to demand the bill’s immediate consid-eration. Analysis issued this week by the Government Accountability Office un-derscores the need for action. It found that 90 percent of the people on the ter-rorist watch list who attempted to le-gally purchase firearms were success-ful. Mr. Speaker, 90 percent of the peo-ple who are on the terrorist watch list bought guns in this country. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow marks the 1- year anniversary of the terrorist at-tack on Mother Emanuel in Charles-ton, South Carolina. That deadly at-tack carried out in furtherance of a violent ideology claimed the lives of nine people gathered in prayer and fel-lowship. It was carried out by a domes-tic terrorist who, like the perpetrators of attacks in San Bernardino and Or-lando, were radicalized by Internet propaganda. Nothing in the legislation we are considering today would have stopped that ideologically motivated mass shooting. Before I reserve my time, I would take this opportunity to again high-light that those with a single-minded focus on one foreign terrorist organiza-tion, namely ISIL, as is the case with H.R. 5471, are turning a blind eye to a gathering storm. In just the past year, the number of antigovernment groups espousing vio-lence has increased threefold. Since 2008, when the Southern Poverty Law Center numbered antigovernment groups at 149, there has been a 670 per-cent increase. Yes, today, there are 998 antigovernment groups in America. Mr. Speaker, the victims of past mass shootings, their families, and all Americans deserve meaningful action, not empty gestures. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 5471, the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act, so we can improve efforts in fighting radical Islamic ter-rorism. Horrific lone-wolf terrorist attacks like the one that occurred in Orlando only a few days ago continue to threat-en our Nation. H.R. 5471 is a package of three bills that will accomplish three goals in our fight against terrorism: it will increase our efforts to counter radicalization of terrorist recruitment; it will increase countermeasures to prevent ISIS from using social media to recruit and radicalize potential recruits in our communities; and it will ensure agen-cies like the Department of Homeland Security are effectively using intel-ligence, operations, and policy to fight terrorism. With the passage of this bill, we will give our law enforcement offi-cers and our communities greater re-sources to fight against terrorism. I commend Chairman M
CCAUL and the sponsors of each of the underlying bills for their leadership and hard work on this legislation. I would also like to offer my thoughts and prayers to the families and victims of the Orlando terrorist at-tack. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LY-
BURN ), the assistant leader for the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, on to-morrow, we are going to commemorate the first anniversary of the events that occurred at Emanuel AME Church. b0930 On Sunday, AME churches all over the country will be commemorating this great loss. I will be in Lakeland, Florida, at the Bethel AME Church, and we are going to be praying and singing and hoping, hoping that at some point in the not too distant fu-ture this House, this Congress will rec-ognize that we have a big, big problem that must be solved. Why is it that this young man, who was not eligible to purchase a firearm, was able to get one? He got one because there is a loop-hole in that law that says the 3-day background check is not operative if you don’t complete the background check in 3 days. So the reasons that exist for him not to have a firearm still existed on the fourth and fifth day. Now, I have no idea of why the infor-mation got keyed in wrong. It was Co-lumbia versus West Columbia. And when they detected it, this gentleman had the firearm and was off to Charles-ton, South Carolina, my congressional district, where he murdered nine peo-ple. He allowed one of them to live so she could tell the story, and two others played dead. The Charleston 12. Well, I am hopeful that the people of goodwill in this body will do something to close this loophole. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Chairman M
CCAUL, for bringing this package of bills to the House floor, and I especially want to thank Representatives F
LEISCHMANN , K
ATKO , and L OUDERMILK for their lead-ership in saying that we need to focus our efforts on the problem that we have in this country, and that is ter-rorists are radicalizing Americans. Time after time now we have seen more than a dozen terrorist attacks on American soil in the last 7 years. Un-fortunately, some people around this town want to try to take advantage of that as an opportunity to talk about gun control, taking away rights of law- abiding citizens, Mr. Speaker, instead of focusing on the problem. They don’t just use guns. They use pressure cook-ers, they use pipe bombs, they use axes, they use the Internet to recruit Ameri-cans. It is time we put a sharper focus on solving this problem and addressing the fact that Americans are being radicalized and carrying out terrorist attacks here in the United States. It is going to continue until there is a sharper focus. This package of bills puts the focus where it needs to be. It is time for the President to join with us to actually speak out in getting more tools to our intelligence agencies to go and do a better job of rooting out the attacks that are here on our homefront. This is no hypothetical problem. Terrorism has come to the United States. Our hearts and prayers are with the victims of the attack in Orlando as well as the attacks that we have seen all throughout this country and that, no doubt, are being planned right now against Americans here on our home soil. It is time that we take action. I am so glad that the House has already moved a package of bills. This package right here that we are passing today puts a sharper focus on the real prob-lem, and that is rooting out radicalization of Americans on our home soil. Let’s stop the terrorism here. Pass this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I support the majority whip’s position. We have already voted on the bills. We have already sent them over to the Senate. It is just repackaging them again and sending them over again. They are in charge. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, is this some kind of cruel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.006 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3922 June 16, 2016 
joke? We have already passed these bills, and we are bringing them up again today? Just a few days ago we lost 49 inno-cent lives in the worst mass shooting our country has ever seen. Sadly, this isn’t an isolated case. In the 3 years since the tragedy at Sandy Hook, there have been over 1,100 mass shootings and more than 34,000 lives have been cut short by someone using a gun. What have we done? We have held 30 moments of silence since Sandy Hook, but we haven’t taken a single vote on legislation that would help keep guns out of dangerous hands. That is shameful. The American people deserve more than silence. The American people deserve a Congress that is willing to stand up and do what it takes to help keep our communities safe. Republican leaders claim that these bills brought before the House for con-sideration today are a significant re-sponse to the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. They claim that because this was an act of terrorism, we don’t need to take a vote on legislation to prevent gun violence. The fact of the matter is, this act of terrorism was an act of gun violence. Over 100 people were shot, 49 shot dead, and today in America, suspected ter-rorists can still legally buy guns. Indi-viduals on our FBI’s terrorist watch list can walk into a gun store, pass a background check, and walk out with the gun or guns of their choosing, le-gally. Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists were able to purchase guns. I think that is wrong and so does the overwhelming majority of the Amer-ican people. There is bipartisan legisla-tion that would prohibit those on the terrorist watch list from being able to purchase firearms in our country. That is the bill we should be voting on today, not three bills that we have al-ready voted and passed out of the House. If Republicans agree that suspected terrorists shouldn’t be able to buy guns, bring up that bill for a vote today. What is it that the majority is afraid of? Is your fear greater than that of the fear of the people hiding for their lives in that nightclub in Orlando? Give us a vote. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, ter-rorism is no longer just a national issue as we deemed it after 9/11. The at-tacks of terrorism are affecting our local communities, and we must ad-dress those that are perpetrating these attacks, not just simply go after the tools that they choose to use. The Bos-ton bombers chose to use a pressure cooker, a bomb. There have been at-tacks using knives, there have been at-tacks using hatchets, there have been attacks using cars. It is the perpe-trator of these acts of violence that we must address. Earlier this year, the House passed a bill called the ALERT Act, a bill that I authored that is amplifying local ef-forts to root out terrorism, which, by the way, removes bureaucratic barriers and paves the way for the Federal Gov-ernment to enhance State and local law enforcement’s involvement in fighting the war on terrorism. By pro-viding the tools and training needed to combat terrorism on multiple levels, the act provides for more efficient co-operation and coordination with State and local officials. Today, everyone has to play a part in protecting against terrorism, from the neighbor next door to the local law en-forcement officer. While no legislation in itself will end the threat of ter-rorism against our Nation, we can bet-ter utilize the valuable resources found right within our communities. In hopes of getting the ALERT Act and two other key pieces of Homeland Security legislation to the President’s desk, we have packaged them into one comprehensive bill entitled the ‘‘Coun-tering Terrorist Radicalization Act.’’ I appreciate Chairman MCCAUL’s leader-ship and sponsorship in this important piece of legislation to help stop future acts. As we are experiencing an increase in acts of terrorism by radical Islamic terrorists that directly threaten our own communities, we must reevaluate how we combat these terrorist threats. This joint piece of legislation will bet-ter secure America by helping local law enforcement combat terrorism, keeping terrorists from entering our borders, stopping radicalization, and evaluating better security methods as we move forward. I also want to thank my colleagues, Mr. K
ATKO and Mr. F LEISCHMANN , for their hard work on advancing their bills. I appreciate their collateral ef-fort as we strive to protect Americans from violent terrorist attacks. Because threats against America are rapidly increasing, we cannot afford to be stagnant. We must act, and we must act now. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICH-
MOND ). Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me the time today. Let me just say that we face a very serious problem in this country, and when you face a very serious problem, it deserves a serious, thoughtful re-sponse that actually goes toward solv-ing the problem. So what do we have here today after 49 innocent lives were taken in Or-lando? When we had mass shootings in Aurora, Newtown, Roseburg, San Bernardino, and mass shootings that occur in urban communities far too often, what do we do? We just heard it. We repackaged bills that we passed on January 29, April 26, and May 16 so that somebody could come up here today and say that we solved or attempted to solve a problem on June 16 by doing what we did the last couple of months. That is not lead-ership, and it is not a serious, thought-ful solution to the problems we have. We could be talking about, debating, and passing no fly, no buy. We could talk about and pass the Charleston loophole. We could talk about high-ca-pacity magazines that allow one person to walk into a nightclub and mow down 49 people and injure another 53. There is no deer hunting, there is no legiti-mate purpose for a high-capacity mag-azine other than to expeditiously take human life. If you are not at war, it has no place on the streets of America. We can also talk about assault weapons. Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ranking Mem-ber, let me just say this: It is sad to say that this response today is a re-sponse that lacks leadership. It is a re-sponse that does nothing new. We passed this legislation with bipartisan support. So I would just say that this is a very impotent response to a very se-rious problem so that we can repack-age, rebrand, and mislead the Amer-ican people by saying we did something when, in fact, we did nothing. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, our Nation has experienced a tragedy for sure. This past weekend’s terrorist attack in Orlando is just the latest in an increas-ingly long list of homegrown violent extremist attacks. Our Nation is not only grieving the loss of 49 innocent people, but is also facing the reality of having witnessed the most deadly ter-rorist attack in the U.S. since 9/11. I am concerned about ISIS’ persist-ence in inflicting harm to all those who disagree with their ideology. Authori-ties are investigating over 800 ISIS- linked cases and have discovered 89 plots against the West, including 25 in the United States, and the list is grow-ing year after year. This body has been investigating rad-ical extremism since I came to this Chamber 18 months ago. I was fortu-nate and honored to lead the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, which highlighted many of the vulnerabilities which came to light in Orlando, Chat-tanooga, Garland, and San Bernardino. The nature of the task force shows that domestic radicalization has been on the rise. The issue is not a partisan issue. It is an American issue. Omar Mateen’s cowardly actions are a stark reminder of the resilience of the enemy we face today. However, this Chamber, with the leadership of Speak-er R
YAN and Chairman M CCAUL, has put forth solutions. The bill before us today encapsulates several ideas that my peers and I have worked on for months that outline ways to improve our counterterrorism efforts here at home. Included in this bill is a provision which authorizes the Counterterrorism Advisory Board, which is modeled after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.008 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3923 June 16, 2016 
a bill introduced earlier this year in Congress, H.R. 4407. This section spe-cifically codifies the administrative body that would integrate intelligence, operations, and policy components so our law enforcement and intelligence partners can coordinate actions more effectively and expeditiously; in short, getting them talking together better, getting them working together better, getting them sharing information to-gether better, and getting better chances of stopping these acts from happening. b0945 This bill provides flexibility in the board’s charter to ensure the continued ability to encounter tomorrow’s threats. Finally, I would like to end by thanking Speaker R
YANand Chairman M
CCAULfor their continued leadership on this issue. My heart goes out to the victims and families of Sunday’s tragic attacks in Orlando. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, we have had a number of peo-ple talk about San Bernardino. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. A
GUILAR ), whose district in-cludes San Bernardino, where the shooting occurred. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to speak on something that, frank-ly, I am sick and tired of having to dis-cuss: House Republicans’ refusal to ad-dress our Nation’s gun violence epi-demic. On December 2, I will never forget how I felt as I walked off this House floor. I had just voted to allow debate on keeping guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists—the no fly, no buy—which was blocked by House Re-publicans, when I received a barrage of text messages about what was unfold-ing in my hometown of San Bernardino. When I heard the news this weekend on Sunday morning, my heart sank. Again. This time, Orlando. This time. We cannot afford to stand in silence when people are being massacred in bars, when coworkers are being slaugh-tered at their holiday parties, when churchgoers are being murdered in their place of worship, and when first graders are assassinated in classrooms. Where do we draw the line? When will we say: Enough is enough? Preventing domestic abusers, con-victed felons, and terrorists from ob-taining guns will make our commu-nities safer without infringing on re-sponsible gun owners’ right to bear arms. There is no reason to believe that the Second Amendment and com-monsense gun reform are mutually ex-clusive. Thoughts and prayers are nice, but they don’t stop suspected terrorists from getting a firearm. Thoughts and prayers are nice, but they don’t per-form comprehensive background checks on domestic abusers and those convicted felons who want to kill. Thoughts and prayers are nice, but they don’t stop rounds of bullets from ripping out of an assault weapon and inflicting mass casualties on innocent Americans. And thoughts and prayers should not be used as a replacement for taking meaningful action to make our communities safer. Just hours ago, we heard from Sen-ator MURPHY that the other Chamber has reached a bipartisan agreement to allow votes on two important gun safe-ty measures. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. AGUILAR. We just heard that, on those measures, they have reached a bipartisan agreement to at least allow votes. When will this Chamber do the same? When will we work to address meaning-ful solutions rather than acting on re-cycled bills from months ago that do little to address the issue? I have said before that House Repub-licans’ most significant action to curb gun violence has been to hold a mo-ment of silence, and I was wrong. They have consistently and deliberately worked to prevent commonsense re-form from even being discussed in this Chamber. For that, they should be ashamed. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act. I want to thank the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, Chair-man M
CCAUL; Mr. K ATKO ; and Mr. L
OUDERMILK for joining the legislation that I promoted and we passed in this House by a large bipartisan majority. Mr. Speaker, several weeks ago, a strong bipartisan group of Members passed my legislation, H.R. 4820, the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act. It is hard to believe that almost a year has passed since the horrific shootings at two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee, my home-town and the town in which I proudly represent those great people in the United States House of Representa-tives. As many may remember, four marines and one sailor were killed in the attack while several others were wounded. Just this past December, following the FBI investigation, Director James Comey concluded that the shootings ‘‘were motivated by foreign terrorist organization propaganda.’’ We have seen this pattern repeat in the evil attack in Orlando as well as the attacks in San Bernardino, Paris, and Brussels. We need to use every tool in our toolbox to combat Islamic extre-mism. The Combating Terrorist Recruit-ment Act section of the bill imple-ments one key recommendation made by the Homeland Security Committee’s bipartisan task force specifically de-signed to counter terrorist and foreign fighter travel. While it doesn’t forbid DHS from countering all forms of ex-tremism, the bill does provide exam-ples of how DHS can fulfill the require-ment, such as counter-messaging for-eign terrorist organizations that are actively recruiting in our country at an alarming rate. This bipartisan legislation requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to amplify testimonials of former extrem-ists and defectors to fight the propa-ganda and recruitment of terrorist groups like ISIS. Foreign terrorists are using tech-nology to radicalize Americans at a troubling pace that continues to in-crease. We must combat this. More than 250 Americans have trav-eled or attempted to travel to fight with jihadists in Syria and Iraq, and the FBI states that there are open counterterrorism investigations in all 50 States, mostly ISIS-related. Many of these individuals were pulled in by ter-rorist propaganda. ISIS is luring Americans with false promises that do not reflect true re-ality on the ground in places like Syria and Iraq. The true reality centers on fear, suffering, and the murder of inno-cent people throughout the region and around the world. Several recent defectors from ISIS have admitted that joining the group was a terrible mistake. One young fighter said that he found it very hard to live in the region and no longer be-lieves the group represents the reli-gion. I must state that we must do all we can to amplify the messages from these disillusioned terrorists. We are doing this with the State Department. We need to pass this bundle of bills. We need to come together, Mr. Speaker, as Americans to fight radical Islamic ter-rorism now. The American people de-serve no less. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Mississippi has 5
1⁄4min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ) the minority leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for yielding, and I thank him for his tre-mendous leadership to keep our home-land secure. I come to the floor with the deepest sympathy for those lost in Orlando. Of course, all of our prayers and thoughts are with their families. Earlier this week, we had a moment of silence, another moment of silence; silence, which was followed by silence, silence, silence. No action. Today, on this floor, we are taking up legislation which is the legislative equivalent of silence. We are putting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.009 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3924 June 16, 2016 
some warmed-over stew bills that have passed the House, combined in one bill, once again, to go forward. But we are not taking the action necessary, action that has bipartisan support overwhelm-ingly in the country and has sufficient support in this House to be passed. I beseech our Republican colleagues to join us in the no fly, no buy legisla-tion, which 87 percent of the public overwhelmingly—Republicans, Inde-pendents, and even NRA members— support. It has support in our country. It has understanding in our country. The only place that it runs into trouble is in the House of Representatives. The Senate has said now that they will promise a vote after a substantial and most remarkable filibuster on the part of Senator C
HRIS MURPHY all day yesterday and into the night. The American people saw what the challenge was in getting something done in Congress. He was promised a vote. I hope that we can have a vote in the House on two bills that are over-whelmingly supported by the public and have bipartisan support in the House. Of course, we have the one bill: no fly, no buy. That means if you are on the no-fly list, you cannot buy a gun. In addition to that, we have the bill that has, by consensus, been put to-gether for sensible, reasonable back-ground checks. That means, no matter what the weapon is, unless you can pass a background check, you can’t buy it, whether it is a pistol or an AK– 47. Shamefully, the assault weapon ban has expired. There are those in our midst who would like to remove the sunset from that bill, and that is an-other conversation. Right now, today, we are asking for two things. One, no fly, no buy. Two, the P
ETER KINGof New York and M IKE T
HOMPSON of California—a Republican and a Democrat—cosponsored bills which would pass this House, if given a vote. I have seen some criticism on the part of the Republican leadership in the House of those who have tired of doing moments of silence. I, myself, think that it is appropriate for us to do that, but it is no substitute for action. We have to question the sincerity of it, if we mourn and don’t act. We carry the names of these young people who were killed in Orlando in our hearts. It is clearly a hate crime. It is the one place where we see very clearly where gun safety and homeland security come together. Whatever the percentage of motivation was—ter-rorism, and the other, a hate crime—on the part of the perpetrator, it doesn’t matter. What matters is that it was an assault on our homeland security. And what matters is that it was a hate crime motivated in this pub where many LGBT community members were gathered. Let’s lower the temperature on our interactions with each other. We have said over and over again: Here we go with another moment of silence. If we were real about it, if we were sincere about it, we would act upon it. Clearly, we are all complicit, as long as we have moments of silence and no legislation. We are not a commemorative body. Yes, we have our resolutions and mo-ments of silence, but we are a legisla-tive body, and we are supposed to pro-vide solutions. We are supposed to work together as much as possible in a bipartisan way for those solutions. We are supposed to be a reflection, a rep-resentative of the American people. The American people are so far ahead of us in terms of common sense—com-monsense legislation: if you are on the no fly list, you can’t buy a gun; no fly, no buy—and common sense in saying that we want to have reasonable, com-monsense background checks, which has bipartisan support in the House. I say it over and over again. We have said we are Paris; we are Or-lando. But what are we? We are doing nothing. It would be the equivalent of somebody who is very sick and the doc-tor says: I am going to give you a get well card, but I am not going to give you any antidote for the pain or the problem that you have. b1000 And this is what we have become, words, not deeds; words, not action. The Gospel of James—I don’t know if Mr. CLYBURN , when he spoke earlier, spoke about James, the Book of James, act deeds, not words. And we are not even words. We are silent. We are si-lent. So I beseech my colleagues to listen to the American people, to understand the pain. And this happens so fre-quently. Since Orlando, 100 people have been shot in gun violence across our country—that was as of yesterday, may be more by this morning. So it is not just about the mass mur-ders, as appalling as they are and how strongly they hit home; it is about what is happening in the streets of our country on a regular basis. As I said, and I say this, I cannot see how, with all the good intentions of si-lence and the rest of it, that this Con-gress can be a handmaiden of the Na-tional Rifle Association and the Gun Owners of America. We are here to rep-resent the people, and we should be doing that. Again, this is heartbreaking. New-town was heartbreaking. Aurora was heartbreaking. Columbine was heart-breaking. The reference our colleague made earlier to assault on our military facilities is heartbreaking. The assault on a Planned Parenthood clinic is heartbreaking. It is not right. This isn’t how we debate, discuss, disagree, come to solutions, not with guns. We all respect the Second Amend-ment. We all respect the Second Amendment and the right to bear arms, but that doesn’t mean in an un-fettered way, by people who have no business having them because of their orientation. Let’s have background checks to check that. We can work together on the no fly, no buy in terms of how people are in-formed, how law enforcement is in-formed across the board. But we cannot go down a path that has been suggested by some who say, okay, let’s do that; now take it to court. Well, by the time you take it to court, more people will die, just as Mr. CLYBURN stated, as we are observing the June 17, 1-year anni-versary of the South Carolina mas-sacre. If you are not denied in 3 days, then you are cleared, when they had a technical error that cleared somebody who should not have been cleared. So let’s make it right, but let’s do something. Let’s act on the values that we share to protect and defend the American people. That’s our first re-sponsibility in terms of national secu-rity, in terms of homeland security, in terms of community and personal secu-rity. Let’s not use these bills that we are taking up, once again, as an excuse, as if we did something. No, we didn’t do anything more. We are just trying to make it look as if we did, and that is really incriminating the Congress of the United States, when we know what to do, we have bipartisan support to do it. So I beseech our colleagues to join together, in a nonpartisan way, to do the right thing, exercise common sense on behalf of the American people. Again, we are Orlando. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong sup-port of the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act. As we mourn the death of the 49 Americans and pray for a full recovery of the 53 who were injured in the ter-rorist attack in Orlando, we know we must do more to combat radical Is-lamic extremism. The Federal Govern-ment’s primary responsibility is to en-sure the safety of the American people. This means strengthening our response to the threat ISIS and other terrorist organizations pose to our homeland. The House has passed several bills to combat radical Islamic terrorism, pre-vent attacks, stop radicalization on our soil, and keep terrorists from en-tering America. Each of the three bills included in this legislation has already passed the House with wide bipartisan support, but we must do everything we can to get them signed into law as soon as possible. I urge my colleagues to support the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act. We must send this bill to the Sen-ate and on to the President for his sig-nature, and this must be done imme-diately. This is essential to defeating ISIS and preventing radicalization here at home. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.011 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3925 June 16, 2016 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have spent most of my adult life chas-ing down terrorists. I have gathered in-telligence on their tactics and their plans. I know how they think. I under-stand their motivations, and I know what it takes to stop them. Our Nation just experienced the worst terrorist attack on our homeland since 9/11. While we mourn for our losses, we must also determine to do what is necessary to keep ISIS and other terrorists from ever doing this again. Let me first say that some of the suggestions coming from both sides of the aisle on how to stop terrorists are the wrong solutions. Banning guns is not going to stop terrorists. Banning Muslims from entering our country is not going to stop terrorists. So what will work to keep these mur-derers away from our shores? How do we keep terrorists out of our country? How do we stop ISIS from radicalizing Americans they have never met and are thousands of miles away? The House has already taken several steps to do what is needed when we passed the ALERT Act, by my col-league, Representative L
OUDERMILK of Georgia; the Combating Terrorist Re-cruitment Act, by my colleague, Rep-resentative F
LEISCHMANN of Tennessee; and the Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act, by my colleague, J
OHN K
ATKO of New York. The House has led in counterterror-ism efforts, spearheaded by one of the most effective committees in the House, the Committee on Homeland Security, led by my colleague from Texas, Chairman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, and I am proud to serve on that committee. These three bills are before the House today in Chairman M
CCAUL’s Coun-tering Terrorist Radicalization Act. These bills will ensure greater coordi-nation between Federal and local gov-ernment agencies when it comes to see-ing radicalization and stopping it be-fore an attack happens. Our first responders are the tip of the spear when it comes to attacks like Or-lando and San Bernardino. We need to do more to ensure they have the intel-ligence necessary to detect and stop these kinds of attacks. These bills will require DHS to use effective counter-messaging tactics to help keep Ameri-cans from falling prey to the propa-ganda spread by ISIS on social media. I have said it many times, but I am going to say it one more time. If we get the right information to the right peo-ple at the right time, we will keep ter-rorists off our shores and on the run. I speak from the experience of running successful counterterrorism operations during my time in the CIA. These bills are part of the solution to keeping terrorists from attacking the homeland. Let’s take the fight to them, and I encourage my colleagues to vote for the passage of the Coun-tering Terrorist Radicalization Act. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Yesterday, I cohosted, with the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), a forum that took expert testimony on the homeland security threat posed by armed militia and antigovernment groups. We were forced to hold a forum because the chairmen of our respective committees, Homeland Security and Natural Resources, have rebuffed our repeated requests for a hearing to ex-amine domestic terrorism. The House Republican leadership refuses to ac-knowledge the threat of domestic ter-rorism, ergo, its unwillingness to take action to prevent further mass shoot-ings. Now, Mr. Speaker, as I have said be-fore, while I generally do not object to H.R. 5471, and I will support its pas-sage, it cannot be the sum total of what this Congress is willing to do in response to the mass shootings in Or-lando, San Bernardino, Charleston, and the concerns of Americans across the Nation. We are tasked with identifying vulnerabilities. Mr. Speaker, a vulnerability in the minds of the public is that, if a person cannot buy a ticket to fly on a plane but can go buy a gun, that is a vulnera-bility. The high-capacity magazines that this individual in Orlando and in other places have used, that is a vul-nerability that this Congress should address. Background checks, the 3-day re-quirement that if it is not completed, you get approval to buy a gun, you know, there are some things that take longer, so the Charleston loophole is applicable to what we are talking about, too. So, for whatever reasons, guns have been used from time to time to per-petrate terrorist activities. We hard-ened cockpits on airplanes because peo-ple wanted to hijack airplanes. We banned box cutters from being on air-planes because they were used to hi-jack airplanes. If terrorists are using guns to do harm to American citizens, these are terrorists who are born in the United States, they are American citizens, so we have to do something about it. There is no problem with the three bills that were packaged here today, but I implore this body to look at the broader issue of domestic terrorism, and let’s get on with the business of ad-dressing it. The moments of silence, you know, all of us in our own respec-tive ways, we care about the people; but after the moment of silence, after we get off our knees from praying, when are we going to work and resolve the challenge? So this do-over package is going back to the Senate again. It is already over there. So we will go back, and we will say to the Republican leadership in the Senate your colleagues say do some-thing. I say, if Democrats were in charge, Mr. Chairman, we would do something. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. What happened in Orlando was a ter-rorist attack, an attack by ISIS in the homeland. The Orlando shooter said as much in his 911 call. The Islamic State took credit for it, saying he was a sol-dier of the caliphate. What keeps me up at night, Boston, Chattanooga, San Bernardino, and now Orlando all perpetrated—all per-petrated—by Islamist terrorists. We have to define the enemy to defeat it. That is a basic military strategy. The 9/11 Commission, bipartisan, in its wisdom, so many years ago, said: ‘‘The enemy is not just ‘terrorism,’ some generic evil. This vagueness blurs the strategy. The catastrophic threat at this moment in history is more spe-cific. It is a threat posed by Islamist terrorism—especially the al Qaeda net-work, its affiliates, and its ideology.’’ The 9/11 Commission, Mr. Speaker, not the Republican Party, the 9/11 Commission. Winston Churchill didn’t dance around the Nazis on fascism. We de-feated fascism by calling it what it was and going to war with it. President Kennedy and President Reagan didn’t dance around com-munism. They defeated communism by defining the enemy. Today, the enemy, in a generational, ideological struggle is radical Islamist extremism, and if this President, this administration, will not recognize that, this body needs to. This Congress understands what the threat is, and when we define it, we will defeat it, Mr. Speaker. I yield back the balance of my time. b1015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5471. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 5293, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ATKO ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from New Jer-sey? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.012 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3926 June 16, 2016 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 783 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5293. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) kindly resume the chair. b1017 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Wednesday, June 15, 2016, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 40 printed in House Re-port 114–623, offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) had been postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Libya in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities in Libya, into situa-tions in Libya where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances, or into Libyan territory, air-space, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional con-sultation and reporting requirements of sec-tions 3 and 4 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 19 1542 and 1543). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 783, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, this bipar-tisan amendment will block funds from being used to engage in hostilities in Libya in contravention of the War Powers Resolution. This amendment simply reaffirms the constitutional role of Congress in determining when U.S. forces will be introduced into hos-tilities when the U.S. has not been at-tacked and is not in imminent danger of attack. What this amendment would do is re-affirm that the administration does not have authority to target anyone in Libya who is not ISIS or al Qaeda or an associated force to either without get-ting explicit authority from Congress. More than 4 years after a U.S.-led NATO military intervention helped Libyan rebels topple the authoritarian government of Muammar Qadhafi, Libya remains a failed state that is a terrorist safe haven. Given that, U.S. military involvement in Libya may deepen in 2016 to combat ISIS and po-tentially provide support to the na-tional security forces of an emergent Government of National Accord. It is imperative that, before U.S. military involvement is increased, any adminis-tration come before Congress for an au-thorization. I want to reiterate that this amend-ment will not limit the ability to go after ISIS or al Qaeda. Mr. Chairman, I urge all my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank our leader on this side, the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ). Members of the House, I urge support for this amendment which will help the Libya War Powers amendment, which will help to ensure that Congress can carry out its constitutional duty to au-thorize war. This amendment is the same language that is already included in the bill regarding military action in Syria, and it has the same rationale: Congress must be consulted when our troops are being sent into harm’s way. This amendment may not block the Obama administration from taking ac-tion against al Qaeda or ISIS in Libya, but it will require that the administra-tion come to Congress if it seeks to send our troops into Libya for any other purpose. When our country engaged in mili-tary intervention in Libya in 2011 with-out congressional approval, the result was that Libya became mired in a bloody civil war. This mistake could have been avoided with congressional debate. This underscores the wisdom of our constitutional Founders, who wanted robust congressional debate be-fore we commit troops to combat in situations where we have not been at-tacked. Now there is growing talk that the United States may have to support the internationally recognized government in Libya, whose legitimacy is chal-lenged by other elements in Libya. So I urge passage of this amendment to ensure that Congress has an oppor-tunity to weigh in on the rule of our Armed Forces in the Libyan turmoil going forward. If Congress wants to have a say, we must speak out before military action has commenced. I urge you to do so today by passing my amendment. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. Mr. Chair, I do respect the strong feelings of those gentlemen who pro-posed this amendment. In order to prosecute the global war on terrorism, one of our primary cur-rent missions, the President, our Com-mander in Chief, relies on existing au-thorization of military force. Any at-tempt to deny funding for efforts in Libya would allow ISIL outposts in northern Africa to continue to flourish, and, indeed, they are there. This AUMF, better known as the 9/11 AUMF, is currently used by the Presi-dent, the Department of Defense, and the United States military forces to address conducting campaigns against terrorism worldwide. It has been used by this President and by his prede-cessor, Bush, since 2001. An amendment of this nature would tie our Nation’s hands and the ability of our Commander in Chief to address worldwide terrorism. This amendment would essentially cripple our ability to conduct counterterrorism operations with partner nations, with our allies, against Islamic extremists affiliated with terrorism. Once again, we know what the gen-tlemen are trying to do, and we honor that effort; but this is a major policy decision, and so, as a consequence, I op-pose their amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), my ranking member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s yielding, and I do rise to join with the chairman in opposition to the amendment. I appreciate the intent of the gen-tleman from Florida as well as the gen-tleman from Michigan. I will be rising in support of two amendments subse-quently this morning relative to hav-ing a fulsome debate about the use of force internationally. It is past time for Congress to have that debate. There is no question about it. I agree with my colleagues. How-ever, in this instance, because we do have, for all practical purposes, a failed state, international institutions in other countries who are involved with us are trying to address the issue. I have been told innumerable times from representatives of other nations, if we do not lead, they will have no place to follow. So I do not think the amendment should be supported at this point in time, and I do join with my chairman. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I respect the opinions of my chairman and rank-ing member, but I would surmise that if we go back to when we did the no-fly zone in Libya, we used the AUMF from 2001 and 2003, the 9/11 AUMF, and that has led to a failed state because the President did not come to this body to ask for authorization. This body did not challenge the President, and it has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.014 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3927 June 16, 2016 
led to a failed state in Libya that now is a recruiting center for ISIS. So when does this stop? When does Congress take this power back so we don’t put people in harm’s way? Had they come to this body, Libya may still be run by Muammar Qadhafi. And I am not saying he is a good guy, But ISIS probably would not be a recruit-ing center in Libya as a failed state. So I urge my colleagues, let’s bring this debate to the House floor, and let’s have that debate so that we don’t keep muddying the waters and spreading and stretching an AUMF from 15 years ago. I think it is irrational, and I think it is inappropriate for this body to con-tinue with failed policies. It is time to get this right. The American people are counting on us, and our military is in harm’s way. Mr. Chairman, I encourage people to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I urge opposition to this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 42 printed in House Report 114–623. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to fund assistance authorized by sec-tion 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 783, the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Hawaii. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member for allowing us to bring up this important issue, basically this amendment and the failed Syria train and equip program. The failures of this program have been well docu-mented and have resulted, ultimately, in strengthening groups like ISIS and al Qaeda with American taxpayer-fund-ed weapons. Many of us voted against this pro-gram when it first came before Con-gress in 2014. We predicted the program would fail, and it did. We ended up arming so-called moderate opposition fighters who did not share our objec-tive of fighting ISIS. Instead, they were and remain primarily focused on overthrowing Assad, which, if success-ful, would strengthen groups like ISIS and al Qaeda, allowing them to take over all of Syria, creating an even worse humanity crisis and an even greater threat to the world. The current program this bill funds is even worse. It only vets the com-manders of so-called moderate Syrian opposition forces. Once the commander finishes some very limited training, then the U.S. provides arms and equip-ment to the entire brigade with no vet-ting or screening of the thousands of men who make up these units. Most concerning of all is nowhere in this bill or in the NDAA does it state that this program is limited to training and equipping only those who are fighting against ISIS and al Qaeda. Our strategy against fighting ISIS and al Qaeda in Syria right now is not working. b1030 We are waging two wars in Syria, providing arms and support to groups that have opposing objectives. The first war is a counterproductive one to over-throw the Syrian Government of Assad, which must end. And the second is our war to defeat ISIS, al Qaeda, and other jihadist groups, which we must win. By helping groups fighting to overthrow Assad, we are essentially helping ISIS and al Qaeda achieve their objective of taking over all of Syria. Some may argue that this program is the only tool we have to fight against ISIS and al Qaeda in Syria. This is false. If this amendment is passed, we can end this failed program and con-tinue to support trusted partners on the ground, like the Kurds and Syrian Arabs, who have proven their effective-ness and commitment to our shared ob-jective of defeating ISIS and al Qaeda through other counterterrorism au-thorities and funds. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment and vote ‘‘yes’’ on Gabbard-Welch amendment No. 42. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in strong opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. The United States needs to train those who are willing to fight ISIL in Syria so that the United States doesn’t have to, so that we don’t have to send more of our troops over there to do the job. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Le-vant was formed in April of 2013, grow-ing out of al Qaeda in Iraq, and since has become one of the main jihadist groups in Syria and Iraq. Although this bill contains no direct language to fund the Syria Train and Equip Program, funding is available in the bill to fund vetted opposition. Syr-ian citizens have experienced bombing by its own government, the overrun of cities by ISIL and ISIL’s actions to eradicate many of the country’s many ethnic and religious authorities, as well as we know, their well-known de-struction of sacred and historic sites. They will stop at nothing to promote hate and, yes, perhaps do things here in the United States. This amendment would cripple our ability to conduct counterterrorism op-erations with partner nations. For the record, U.S. air strikes have killed over 25,000 ISIL fighters. Without this fund-ing, these air strikes would cease. ISIL footing in Iraq and Syria is a spring-board for terrorism worldwide. This amendment would effectively eliminate the President’s ability—our commander in chief’s ability—to ad-dress this threat. And it would allow its further growth, ISIL’s further growth, in North Africa, the Horn of Africa, and elsewhere, and leave our country and our allies even more vul-nerable to attacks. I strongly oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), my colleague. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, may I in-quire how much time is remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Hawaii has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank Congresswoman G
ABBARD . She has a practical battle- tested basis of experience to propose this amendment. She served a tour in Iraq, and she served in Kuwait. This is not a question about whether the proponents of this amendment re-serve any desire to go after ISIS in any way that we can, nor does it mean that we want to restrict our help to respon-sible partners, like the Kurdish Peshmerga. What this is about is iden-tifying a program that was designed for failure. It was predicted by Congress-woman G
ABBARD that this train and as-sist program for unidentified Syrian al-lies, so-called, would fail. It would fail because we didn’t have a nation-state that we were dealing with. Train and equip is a good program when it is with a responsible government, or one try-ing to be a responsible government— maybe in Afghanistan, maybe in Iraq. What we have here is a civil war. We have al Qaeda, we have al-Nusrah, we have people fighting Assad, we have people fighting each other. The CIA identified 1,500 different groups. And we are asking our military, our CIA, who don’t really speak the language— some do—to identify who will be ‘‘the good rebels’’ in what is a caldron of conflict. The problem here is that we spent $500 million and basically ended up training 100 people. They drifted off into the battlefield and were quickly killed or captured or defected. So what we have is not something where we are predicting failure, we are having some-thing that did fail. And now we are doubling down on it, taking $250 mil-lion, and adding to a program that doesn’t work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.015 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3928 June 16, 2016 
Why don’t we spend that money doing something that can work? Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the comments from my col-league from Vermont. I would just like to make a point of clarification that this amendment would not stop our air strikes against ISIS. Those air strikes are funded through funds for Operation Inherent Resolve, which this amendment has nothing to do with. This amendment simply prohibits funds that are solely directed towards the Syria Train and Equip Program, section 1209. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding, and join the chairman in opposition to the amendment that has been offered. There is no question that there were significant fundamental problems with the first iteration of this program. This is a reconstituted program, and I would like to make that clear to my col-leagues. Secondly, I want to make it clear that there is no authority under this program to overthrow the Assad re-gime. And the final point I would make, as the sponsor of the amendment, is to mention support for the Kurds who are already fighting. That is exactly what the reprogram does, and the amend-ment would cut off funding for the Kurds. For those reasons, I oppose the amendment. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I concur with the ranking mem-ber’s comments most strongly. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Hawaii will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 43 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 44 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for the engagement of the United States Armed Forces in any combat operation in either Iraq or Syria until an authorization for the use of military force has been enacted that authorizes such operation. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 783, the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1
1⁄2minutes. Mr. Chairman, we have been re-engaged in Iraq since June of 2014. We have been in Syria since September of 2014. And, quite frankly, the time to have debated an AUMF was before we became militarily engaged in these two countries. We have repeatedly heard from the leaders in this House that Congress does, indeed, have a constitutional duty to do an AUMF and it would be considered, but we have not done so. I believe that, barring the passage of this amendment, which would force Congress to do the right thing, we will never do an AUMF. Perhaps we lack the courage, or perhaps we are satisfied to allow these wars to run on auto-matic pilot. Our inaction is wrong. It is an insult to our troops. Whether you want to ex-pand these wars or end these wars, we should all agree that we should vote on an AUMF. This amendment simply says that if there is no AUMF, then there is no money for combat operations. That gives us ample time during the rest of this year to vote on an AUMF. There are no more excuses. Please, please stop making excuses. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in strong opposition to the McGovern-Lee amendment. The fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Levant is being waged using the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force, better known as the 9/ 11 AUMF to prosecute the global war on terrorism. There are soldiers on the ground as we speak. They are truly doing the work of the Lord and the work for freedom, and we need to rec-ognize that. Our Nation needs to retain this vali-dated congressionally approved Au-thorization for Use of Military Force to contain the fight against terrorism around the world. The Commander in Chief needs it. This amendment makes a major pol-icy change that does not belong in our bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, to justify wars in 2016 on an AUMF in 2001 is ludicrous. I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ). Mr. JONES. Mr. Chairman, I want to remind those on the floor today that it was James Madison who clearly stated that the power to declare war, includ-ing the power of judging the causes of war, is fully vested in the legislature. That is us, the House of Representa-tives. The McGovern amendment is an amendment of frustration because, as it has already been said, we have not been permitted to meet our constitu-tional responsibility to debate war pol-icy for the country. We have sent five letters to former Speaker Boehner asking for this ability to have an AUMF on the floor for de-bate. No answer. This is a bipartisan group who wrote the letter. We have now sent three letters to Speaker R
YAN asking that we meet our constitutional responsibility. No answer. We are frus-trated. We need to meet our constitu-tional responsibility. The last point I want to make very quickly. In December of this year, we had Secretary Carter before the Armed Services Committee, on which I serve, and we had General Dunford before the committee, on which I serve. I asked them the question: Do you think that Congress should debate and pass a new AUMF? Let me give you Carter’s answer: I think it is desirable to have a new AUMF. General Dunford: I absolutely believe that a clear and unequivocal statement of support for the men and women in uniform that are prosecuting the war is absolutely necessary. It would be so helpful if we could pass a new AUMF. So in closing, I say this: if we want to meet our constitutional responsibility and we upheld our hands to swear to God that we would, then let’s not send our young men and women to die around the world based on 2001 and 2002. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield to the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking member, for any comments he may wish to make. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the Chairman acknowledging and yielding me time. I rise in support of the amendment. There is no question of the sacrifice being made by our troops. We, as Mem-bers of the Congress of the United States, ought to clearly define the pur-pose of their sacrifice. The authority being used today was written in 2001. The world has fun-damentally changed. That act talked about using all necessary and appro-priate force against the persons or en-tity associated with the September 11 attack. I do think it is our responsibility to balance the powers of the executive under the Constitution and have that fulsome debate. If it was adopted tomorrow morning, it would have an effect on funding. On 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.018 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3929 June 16, 2016 
the best day possible, this bill does not become law until October 1. That gives us plenty of time. I appreciate the chair yielding. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), one of the sponsors of this amendment. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, first, let me just say I rise in very strong support of the McGovern-Jones-Lee amendment. I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for his strong, steady, and bold leadership on this issue and issues of war and peace. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is really simple. It would use the power of the purse to prevent funding for com-bat operations in Iraq and Syria unless an Authorization for Use of Military Force is enacted. We all agree that ISIL must be de-graded and dismantled. Then why is Congress missing in action? The 2001 authorization was specific to 9/11. I voted against it because I knew it would be broadly interpreted, which it is. It is a blank check. b1045 ISIL, though, did not even exist in 2001. Every day, more bombs fall, and the battlefield expands. We have al-ready spent more than $10 billion. That is $615,000 per hour. Congress needs to show up for work, muster its courage, exercise its con-stitutional responsibility for debate, and vote on the ongoing war in Iraq and Syria. We owe nothing less to our brave men and women who are in harm’s way. It is past time to force a debate and vote on this issue. Again, I thank the gentleman for his tremendous leadership and for con-tinuing to beat the drum until we get this done. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I inquire as to how much time remains. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 45 seconds remain-ing. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman from In-diana is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member for yielding be-cause this is debate, quite frankly, that we need to have, and we need to have it in more than 10 minutes. If one sup-ports this amendment, we will have that debate. Mr. Chair, this amendment is not about cutting out funds to our troops. The underlying bill, interestingly, al-ready does that come next April. This amendment is about the dereliction of duty by Congress. If Congress keeps voting for the money to send our men and women in uniform to fight and die in Iraq and Syria, then it should have the courage to debate and vote on an AUMF for those missions as the Con-stitution of the United States demands of us. It is that simple. We have heard from leaders of this Chamber over and over and over again that they agree that we ought to de-bate an AUMF, but every time we try to force the issue, there is another ex-cuse. We are told that we have to wait for the White House to propose an AUMF. They did. I don’t particularly like it—some may like it, and some may not—but we ought to bring it to the floor. We ought to debate it and amend it and vote on it. That is what we are supposed to do. There is something very, very wrong about the fact that we have so many men and women in harm’s way right now—some of them who are losing their lives because of their deploy-ments—and we are content to do noth-ing. We don’t even talk about what is happening in Iraq and Syria. We don’t have these debates that we should be having. All we are saying—and I don’t care what your views are on these wars—is that you ought to agree that we ought to have a debate. That is what the McGovern-Jones-Lee-Amash- Garamendi amendment is all about. America’s men and women in uniform are doing their duty, and I respectfully ask my colleagues to do theirs. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 45 seconds remain-ing. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chair, again, I would just say to my colleagues that this is about our respecting the Con-stitution of the United States. This is about respecting the service of our men and women whom we have put in harm’s way. We all know we should be doing this. We have to have the guts and the courage to do it. I urge the passage of my amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 45 printed in House Report 114–623. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amend-ment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (b) Subsection (a) shall apply beginning on April 30, 2017. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 783, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, we are going to try again with a variation of what we just discussed. This is another amendment to re-claim our constitutional authority over matters of war and peace, and I ask Members to support the Lee-Jones- Welch amendment. Our amendment is simple. It would require Congress to finally put forth a new ISIL-specific Authorization for Use of Military Force by April 30, 2017. That is the date when funding for the overly broad 2001 authorization would be restricted. Upon enactment into law—this would be in October—Con-gress would have ample time—until April 30, 2017—to come up with a new authorization. Mr. Chair, 5,389 days have passed since Congress wrote a blank check for endless war to any President, and Con-gress still hasn’t acted. 678 days since we started, once again, to bomb Iraq in a war that Congress has never debated or specifically authorized, and still Congress has not acted. 632 days since we started bombing Syria, a nation not covered by the 2002 or the 2001 AUMF— it is, clearly, not intended by either of these two—and Congress still has not acted. 491 days since President Obama sent Speaker Boehner a draft author-ization, and still—and now we have a new Speaker—Congress has not acted. And 33 days since a United States Army captain filed a lawsuit that de-mands an authorization for the war that he and other servicemembers are fighting, and still Congress has not acted. Mr. Chair, how many more days until we take the power to wage war and re-turn it to the American people through Congress? Our brave servicemen and -women can’t wait any longer. The American people can’t wait any longer. Clearly, Congress must be required to act. This amendment would require Congress to finally debate and vote on the nearly 2-year-long war that is rag-ing in the Middle East, a war that has already claimed the lives of three brave servicemen. The House simply cannot continue to abdicate its sacred constitutional responsibility to give the American people a voice in matters of war and peace. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.020 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3930 June 16, 2016 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, this is a major policy change that does not belong in an appropriations bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, as has been said by many of my colleagues, the constitutional responsibility to declare war is that of Congress. So how is it that this Congress and the Congresses that have preceded us since the hostilities in the Middle East began have failed to even debate an Au-thorization for Use of Military Force. That is our duty. We are divided by many things, and we see the world in different ways, but we all have a funda-mental responsibility to abide by the Constitution, which governs our con-duct, the House of Representatives— the Congress of the United States, the Representatives of the people. The peo-ple are the ones, ultimately, who bear the burden of any conflict, and they are entitled to our vote, yes or no, in engaging in war. The second thing: a lot of concern— sometimes legitimate, sometimes de-batable—as to overreach by an execu-tive. How is it that we can make that complaint if we cede our constitutional responsibility by irresponsibly failing to exercise it to an executive? Congress must act. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2min-utes to the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, when I took my oath of office, the Speaker handed me this Constitution. Here, in Article I, it reads that it is the Congress of the United States that declares war or not. Yet, as my friend from California said so eloquently, days and days and years have gone by that the Congress of the United States has abdicated its fundamental respon-sibility. Perhaps the most awesome and important of our responsibilities is to send our men and women onto the battlefield. Yet we have not done it. The esteemed chairman of the Appro-priations Committee said that this is too important an issue to be in an ap-propriations bill. I could not disagree more. The appropriations bill is about war, and there are billions and billions of dollars in this appropriations bill to conduct a war that is not authorized by Congress. It seems to me to be absolutely es-sential that we take up our responsi-bility—that we define what it is we want to accomplish in Syria and Iraq and that we put aside the old author-izations that are now 15 years old and that are, clearly, not only out of date, but are inappropriate for what we are doing in the Middle East. It is our re-sponsibility. The Constitution of the United States says it is. There are 535 of us who have sworn to uphold the Constitution of the United States, and we have failed. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, how much time remains for the gentle-woman from California (Ms. LEE)? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
OLDING ). The time of the gentlewoman from California has expired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I spoke just previously on the past amend-ment, and I will not repeat myself but will, simply, make two observations. Some of the changes that have oc-curred over the last 15 years include the U.S. withdrawing its large number of troops and presence in Iraq; al-though, additional troops are now mov-ing to Iraq. Central Command is work-ing with partner nations to conduct targeted air strikes against ISIL. Then, obviously, we are engaged in other ac-tivities around the globe. Circumstances have changed, and we ought to meet our constitutional re-sponsibility. I think the amendment that the gentlewoman has drafted is el-egant in the sense that she has picked the same date—that is, April 30—that we have structured the OCO funding in this bill ourselves. If we have enough time between now and April 30, 2017, for a new administration and a new Congress to find moneys to fight the war, we have enough time to have the authority to do the same. I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his clarity on this issue. Mr. Chair, in the nearly 15 years, ac-cording to a Congressional Research Service report, the AUMFs that we are discussing today—the 2001 and the 2002—have been used more than 37 times in 14 countries to justify mili-tary actions. They have been used 18 times by President Bush and 19 times by President Obama. This report only examines the unclassified incidents. How many other operations have been conducted without the knowledge of Congress or the American people? These authorizations have not only been used to justify wars that are thou-sands of miles away, but they have also been used closer to home to justify warrantless surveillance and wiretaps and the targeted killings by drones, in-cluding of American citizens. How can we ask our brave men and women in uniform to fight a war while this Congress can’t even muster the courage to debate it? Again, every hour, we spend $615,000 on this war. Every day, more bombs fall, the battlefield expands, and more American servicemembers are put in harm’s way. How many more days until we do something about this complete and utter abdication of our responsibility? This is not a new issue for me or a new effort. I have been working on this for years to end the reliance on the overly broad 2001 authorization blank check. That is why I couldn’t vote for it. I am pleased to say that this effort is growing in strength in bipartisan numbers. b1100 Congress must finally take action to vote on a specific Authorization for Use of Military Force in this new war to address the threat of ISIL, and this amendment would require us to do just that. We wouldn’t have to do it until April 2017. We have plenty of time, plenty of time to do it. So let’s stand up for the Constitu-tion, our servicemen and -women, and our national security by supporting the Lee-Jones-Welch amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, recent disaster events in Yemen and, most recently, frightening develop-ments both in Iraq and Syria have shown that terrorist affiliates and new terrorist groups are on the rise. This amendment would effectively elimi-nate the President’s ability to address those threats and others that are com-ing our way, and so I strongly oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment. I ask for opposition to the amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) The total amount of appro-priations made available by this Act is here-by reduced by one percent. (b) The reduction in subsection (a) shall not apply to amounts made available— (1) under title I for ‘‘Military Personnel’’; (2) under title VI for ‘‘Defense Health Pro-gram’’; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.023 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3931 June 16, 2016 
(3) under title IX. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. At a time when all government enti-ties are being asked to do more with less, it is time we ask the United States military to make smart cuts to our defense budget so we can live with-in our means. We can eliminate ineffi-cient and unnecessary programs while spending taxpayer dollars responsibly and improving our national security. My amendment just goes a very small way toward protecting the fiscal security of our Nation, which is vital to our national security. My amend-ment would give broad authority to re-duce the overall amount of money ap-propriated by this bill to 1 percent in the aggregate. I remind everybody that a 1 percent reduction in the spending in this bill is still above the original agreed-upon defense budget from the Budget Control Act, so, again, Con-gress is appropriating more money than there is in the Budget Control Act. When we spend beyond our means, we make our Nation less secure, not more secure, by making ourselves economi-cally beholden to countries like Saudi Arabia and China. Even with my amendment, this bill still spends over $500 billion for defense, about as much as the rest of the world combined spends on their militaries. This 1 per-cent reduction is simply a compromise between the Budget Control Act levels and the suggested levels in this bill. This bill, in its current form, funds multiple accounts and weapons sys-tems over the amount the military itself requested. One percent is about $5 billion. Now, there might be those who claim there is no possible way to find that money in this bill. Look, I know a lot of Members here have offered a number of ideas about how we can trim our overall defense budget and improve our national security. There are high-pro-file numbers, like the F–35 and LCS. There are also lower profile items. When we spend on the military, we need to ask ourselves a couple of ques-tions. First and foremost, of course: Is it necessary and needed for national se-curity? And then, secondly: What is the trade-off, and does it improve or wors-en our national security to spend be-yond our means and borrow from Saudi Arabia and China? There are many, many, many ac-counts in this bill where more money is spent than is requested by the military itself. We can’t allow ourselves to be convinced that we can somehow magi-cally sustain this level of military spending and then turn around and say we are somehow also concerned about the fiscal condition of our country. This amendment is a small step, a compromise between the budget con-trol cap levels and the committee’s mark. We don’t have to choose between protecting the homeland and fiscal re-sponsibility. We can do both. We will do both, and this amendment will make this happen. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in strong opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. This amend-ment would force the Department to absorb a reduction of more than $4 bil-lion. Mr. Chairman, we already have seri-ous readiness gaps, and this amend-ment would force a reduction of more than $2 billion to operation and main-tenance accounts, funding that sup-ports key readiness programs to pre-pare our troops for combat or also for peacetime missions, including flight time, battle training, equipment and facility maintenance, as well as base operations. Furthermore, the amendment will re-sult in a significant reduction to re-search and development, equipment procurement, modernization, all of which are crucial to our national secu-rity. These are investments that pro-tect our Nation from threats to free-dom and democracy. We are keenly aware that the United States and her allies continue to face attacks and threats from terrorist or-ganizations like ISIL and al Qaeda and others that seek to do us harm, and our troops must be ready to fight at all times against the enemy everywhere. I oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE), the cosponsor of this amendment and a leader on this issue. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for his im-portant and consistent work to bring financial sense to the Pentagon. I rise to urge my colleagues to sup-port the Polis-Lee amendment. This amendment will help rein in unneces-sary and bloated Pentagon spending while protecting the pay or health ben-efit account of our brave servicemem-bers and their families. Over the last 15 years, Pentagon spending has ballooned by 50 percent in real terms, and we still haven’t even been able to audit the Pentagon. You talk about waste, fraud, and abuse? My goodness. One percent, this is a pit-tance in terms of what we need to do, but we have got to start somewhere. Pentagon spending now consumes more than half of the Federal discre-tionary budget that we oversee. It is just outrageous. We need a faster, smarter, more modern military, not bloated spending that drives up our na-tional debt. Many of you may remember the re-ports of cash in suitcases being passed around by Karzai in Afghanistan. American tax dollars, cash, where did that money go? Come on, we could put that into health care for our troops. Recently, The New York Times made this case in their editorial, ‘‘A Better, Not Fatter, Defense Budget.’’ I include the New York Times edi-torial, ‘‘A Better, Not Fatter, Defense Budget,’’ in the RECORD . 
[From the New York Times, May 9, 2016] A B
ETTER , NOTFATTER , DEFENSE BUDGET  (By the Editorial Board) To hear some military commanders and members of Congress talk, the American military is worn out and in desperate need of more money. After more than a decade in Iraq and Afghanistan, they say, troops are lagging in training and new weaponry, which is jeopardizing their ability to defeat the Is-lamic State and deal with potential conflicts with Russia and China. While increased funding for some programs may be needed, total military spending, at nearly $600 billion annually, is not too low. The trouble is, the investment has often yielded poor results, with the Pentagon, Con-gress and the White House all making bad judgments, playing budget games and falling under the sway of defense industry lobbyists. Current military spending is 50 percent high-er in real terms than it was before 9/11, yet the number of active duty and reserve troops is 6 percent smaller. For nearly a decade after 9/11, the Pen-tagon had a virtual blank check; the base de-fense budget rose, in adjusted dollars, from $378 billion in 1998 to $600 billion in 2010. As the military fought Al Qaeda and the Taliban, billions of dollars were squandered on unnecessary items, including new weap-ons that ran late and over budget like the troubled F–35 jet fighter. The waste and the budget games continue with the House Armed Services Committee approving a $583 billion total defense author-ization bill for 2017 last month that skirts the across-the-board caps imposed by Con-gress in 2011 on discretionary federal spend-ing. The caps are supposed to restrain domestic and military spending equally, but defense hawks have insisted on throwing more money at the Pentagon. That doesn’t en-courage efficiency or wise choices. The panel took $18 billion from a $59 billion off-budget account, which has become a slush fund re-newed annually to finance the wars in Iraq, Afghanistan and other trouble spots, and is not subject to the budget caps, and repurposed that money for use in the $524 billion base military budget. The move will underwrite the purchase of more ships, jet fighters, helicopters and other big-ticket weapons that the Pentagon didn’t request and will keep the Army from falling below 480,000 active-duty troops. It also means the war account will run out of money next April. Representative Mac Thornberry, the Republican chairman of the committee, apparently assumes the next president will be forced to ask for, and Con-gress will be forced to approve, more money for the war account. This sleight of hand runs the risk that troops overseas, at some point, could be deprived of some resources, at least temporarily. The full House should reject this maneuver. Many defense experts, liberals and cen-trists as well as hawks, agree that more in-vestment is needed in maintenance, training and modernizing aging weapons and equip-ment. These needs were identified years ago, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.008 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3932 June 16, 2016 
yet the Pentagon and Congress have chosen to invest in excessively costly high-tech weaponry while deferring maintenance and other operational expenses. The Pentagon can do with far fewer than the 1,700 F–35s it plans on buying. It should pare back on President Obama’s $1 trillion plan to replace nearly every missile, sub-marine, aircraft and warhead in the nuclear arsenal. Defense officials recently reported that 22 percent of all military bases will not be needed by 2019. Civilian positions will have to be reduced, while reforms in health care and the military procurement system need to be carried out. All of these changes make good sense, given the savings they would bring. But they are politically unpalatable; base closings, for instance, have been stubbornly resisted in recent years by lawmakers fearful of angering voters by eliminating jobs in communities that are economically dependent on those bases. Todd Harrison, a defense budget expert with the Center for Strategic and Inter-national Studies, says that sustaining the current military force of roughly two million and paying for all the new weapons systems will cost billions more than Congress has al-lowed under the budget caps. To maintain sensible troop levels, Congress and the ad-ministration need to begin honestly address-ing the hard fiscal choices that they have largely been loath to make. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, this article lists program after program, many of which our generals did not even ask for, that has cost billions of taxpayer dollars without making us any safer. So it is time to stop pouring billions into unnecessary and nonstrategic pet projects. Let’s pass this amendment. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield to the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking member of the committee. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I simply join the chairman in opposition. I respect the gentleman from Colo-rado very much, as well as the gentle-woman from California, but the com-mittee has spent the last half year try-ing to make very discrete decisions on spending. I think across-the-board cuts negate that, and, therefore, I am op-posed to the amendment. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, we have to ask ourselves: At what point does additional marginal dollars spent on defense make our country less secure by making us economically beholden to Saudi Arabia, China, and other na-tions? As the gentlewoman from California mentioned, defense spending has ballooned, more than 50 percent in-creases. Every additional dollar we spend is not a dollar we have. It is a dollar we borrow, a dollar we borrow from people overseas, and a dollar we borrow from future Americans and our children. How can we look our children in the face today by spending the money that they are going to be earning over their lives now, when we already spend as much as the rest of the world combined on defense, including our allies? If you add in our European allies and Asian allies, that is more than three quarters of global defense spending. At what point is enough enough? I personally support a 3 percent cut, a 5 percent cut. I am on the record say-ing so. This is a modest compromise. It is still above the budget cap levels. I hope everybody in this body sup-ports this modest step toward our na-tional security. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I urge opposition to the amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in House Report 114–623. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), add the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for performances by a military musical unit (as defined in section 974 of title 10, United States Code) described in paragraph (2)(B) or (3) of subsection (a) of such section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for all their hard work on this important bill. I rise today to offer an amendment to help us guide reprioritization of some defense spending. While I believe mili-tary bands play a very important role in ceremonies, funerals, honoring the fallen, and playing taps, this amend-ment simply limits their ability to play in social functions, dances, and things that are really outside their core competencies and the com-petencies of the military. Sequestration and 15 years of war have taken a very heavy toll on our military, and this bill is helping to turn that around. I appreciate the hard work on that. For example, in the air domain, with which I have some experi-ence, we recently grounded one-third of our combat fighters for 3 months in the Air Force. The Air Force is facing a shortage of 4,000 maintainers for aircraft and 500 fighter pilots, and that shortage is ex-pected to widen to 800 by 2022. Only half of the Air Force fighter pilots, in-cluding those that fly the F–22, are re-ceiving the full spectrum of the train-ing they require. Twenty-five years ago, we had 134 combat coded fighter squadrons; today, we have 55. And we had 946,000 total force military and civilian airmen. Well, today we have fewer than 660,000. The Navy and the Marine Corps are facing similar pilot and aircraft short-ages. Our Army is drawing down to its smallest size since before World War II. Yet, today, we have 99 different Army bands. In fact, today these bands will play at 22 different shows world-wide. Most of these shows, the USO and civilian bands would love to fill the role of. At the same time, we have heard re-ports that we have a shortage of bu-glers—those who are playing taps—to honor our military when they are fall-en. We have got to make sure that we have them represented so that those who have fallen and served receive the honors that they deserve. We should be recruiting warriors, but the Army Web site is targeting people to play music for a living. Don’t get me wrong; I believe the bands play an im-portant role. Let me tell you, in my 26 years in the military, I used to be at Christmas parties with the wing com-manders and generals, and we would have Active-Duty military enter-taining us, and it bothered me then. We have difficult choices to make. We are spending, in FY15, $437 million on musicians’ instruments, uniforms, travel expenses, and we have seen re-ports of things like $11,000 flutes, $12,000 tubas, and $88,000 pianos. These are difficult choices that we have to make right now in this bill. Be-cause of some of these concerns that we have had—I am on the Armed Serv-ices Committee—in this year’s NDAA, we asked for detailed information on the size and cost of all bands across the military. While we wait for this infor-mation, this amendment will inform the military that Congress desires them to use defense dollars on defense. Let’s be clear, this is not an attack on the arts. I am a vocalist myself. I care deeply about the arts. But we have to, again, make difficult choices in these bills. In no way do I want to de-value those who have served in the past in these roles or are serving now in these roles in our military bands, but for every dollar that is spent on our bands to entertain at social functions, that is a dollar we are not spending on national security, on our troops, and our families. Because of the shortage of maintain-ers, the Air Force is asking us to choose between things like air superi-ority and close air support. We need to do both. Some of our choices here are related to do we want to have aircraft parts funded or musical instruments. Again, these are difficult choices, but my amendment today simply limits the function of military bands so that they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.009 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3933 June 16, 2016 
can be performing those ceremonial du-ties, playing at military funerals, play-ing taps, those things that are very im-portant roles for our military. While our communities certainly do enjoy being entertained by our mili-tary bands, they would, I think, prefer to be protected by our military. I urge everybody to support this amendment and make sure our money is spent well on defense and the bands are focused on their most crucial roles. I reserve the balance of my time. b1115 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I rise to support the gentle-woman’s amendment. As she has well said, military bands play a very impor-tant role in recruiting, retention, and community relations. They also pro-vide patriotic and inspirational music to improve the morale of our soldiers, sailors, and airmen. All of us support these roles. Literally, such music makes our heart sing. However, I agree that we should con-sider prohibiting the use of funding for certain events. The bands play an im-portant role during ceremonies recog-nizing the sacrifices of the fallen, but they are not appropriate at every event. I look forward to working with the gentlewoman as we approach con-ference to ensure that the language we include addresses the gentlewoman’s concerns. If the gentlewoman would agree to work with me and Mr. V
IS-
CLOSKY on this issue, I am sure we will be pleased to accept her amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman for his support of the spirit of the amendment. I look forward to working with him and the ranking member to make sure that it is appropriately tightened up so that it meets the intent of the amendment, which I think we both agree upon. I ap-preciate his working with me on that. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . BARLETTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 74 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used for a contract under section 2922a of title 10, United States Code, for energy or fuel for a military installation that is pro-cured from the Russian Federation. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that simply prevents any funding from being used to enter into contracts to purchase fuel or energy for our mili-tary installations if that fuel or energy originates from the Russian Federa-tion. Time and again, we have seen Vladi-mir Putin use Russian energy to assert his political will over the rest of the world. In fact, just a few months ago, the European Union announced that they were seeking alternatives to Rus-sian natural gas imports in order to avoid a repeat of 2006 and 2009, when Russian suppliers cut off the gas shipped through Ukraine, leaving much of Western Europe to succumb to win-ter’s freezing temperatures. I think we can all agree that we don’t want our American servicemen and -women to be left out in the cold. To me, this is a commonsense issue. We should not leave our military men and women at the mercy of hostile for-eign countries. By ensuring our mili-tary does not rely on the Russian Fed-eration to supply the heating and en-ergy needs of our military bases, we can provide certainty and security for the brave individuals protecting our freedom. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I don’t necessarily oppose the gentle-man’s amendment, but I would want to make some remarks regarding it. The European Command believes this amendment would make it more dif-ficult and costly to acquire energy for European military installations, and I would note in next year’s authorization there is language included to study the logistics and support capability gaps for our military forces in Eastern Eu-rope. I believe results of that analysis will inform this amendment and many others related to the European Com-mand and the efforts of the European Reassurance Initiative. I believe Congress should wait until the Comptroller General and the De-fense Department have had time to analyze European military installation energy source issues and offer them the opportunity to propose a range of rec-ommendations to the Congress. I also do believe that if the amendment’s lan-guage is broadly written, it includes all contracts, and the restriction would impact the Defense Logistics Agency Energy. That energy agency would have to include a clause in their con-tracts to prohibit manufacturers from procuring fuel from the Russian Fed-eration as Russia is not a prohibited source. This requirement may have Trade Agreements Act implications. Additionally, this language would be problematic as the Defense Logistics Agency Energy does not have the visi-bility over the source of crude oil for their suppliers. The agency does not have sourcing information under their contracts for refined products based on trade agreements, contract require-ments. Currently, we do not have con-tracts where suppliers have certified that a refined product is sourced from Russia. A final concern is that if the amend-ment covers Russian-affiliated compa-nies that provide non-Russian refined fuel, again, the Agency does not obtain detailed information regarding sub-contractors. So there are a number of questions. The gentleman does raise a very im-portant issue relative to energy use, particularly on the European Con-tinent. I just wanted to make my col-leagues known of those concerns. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), the chairman of the subcommittee. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank our colleague for raising this issue. May I say that I as-sociate my comments with the ranking member as well. Mr. Putin uses Rus-sia’s vast energy reserves as a political tool—we know that—to support his as-pirations in Eastern Europe. This raises, as Mr. V
ISCLOSKY says, serious concerns and reminds us how impor-tant it is to ensure that our military is not solely dependent on Russian en-ergy. I do have some general concerns re-garding the unintended consequences, which Mr. V
ISCLOSKY relates, borne out of an amendment which prohibits the use of any or all foreign energy sources on overseas military bases, specifically as it relates to the European Reassur-ance Initiative, which is included in our bill, or an amendment which is drafted specifically to prohibit funds from being used to procure Russian en-ergy anywhere in the world. I look forward to working with Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mr. V ISCLOSKY and our entire committee to ensure that our military bases in Europe can continue to rely on their present-day sources of energy. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this commonsense measure that would pro-hibit funds within this bill from enter-ing into contracts for energy or fuel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.030 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3934 June 16, 2016 
with the Russian Federation for the purpose of heating our military instal-lations. I have longstanding concerns regard-ing the prospect of American military installations in Europe being exposed to unnecessary vulnerabilities as a re-sult of becoming dependent upon for-eign energy resources. Russian natural gas already makes up a majority of the fuel mix used at some military posts, and we cannot allow Russian coal or natural gas to take control of the dif-ference. Mr. Chairman, this is a national se-curity issue. By purchasing energy from areas impacted by volatile inter-national or regional politics, we are putting our troops and their depend-ents at risk. Furthermore, we are fill-ing the coffers of hostile regimes who seek to use energy as a weapon. Furthermore, the United States has become the North American energy giant. With congressional action to lift a 40-year moratorium on crude oil ex-ports, we are seeing new markets de-velop. We must ensure our allies in Eu-rope are provided a choice. Similarly, we must utilize American-sourced en-ergy to strategically support our mili-tary installations overseas. This is about countering Russian ag-gressions. I encourage support of the Barletta amendment. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chair, again, I thank the chairman and the committee for continuing to work with me on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
NEBRASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), add the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to revise the DoD Food Service Program Manual (Number 1338.10 and dated December 2, 2014) to exclude meat. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to ensure that our men and women in uniform have options on the menu when they seek nutrition in the cafeteria as they serve. Ideologically motivated activists are working to take meat off the menu in institutions across the country. There is plenty of evidence of this, and I hope that we can limit these efforts to ensure that our men and women in uniform have the choices of nutrition at their ready. Meat contains vitamins and nutri-ents not readily available in a plant- based diet. In fact, creatine, which sup-plies energy to muscle cells and aids in their recovery, is only found in animal products. My amendment does not inhibit the ability of individual servicemembers to pursue a vegetarian diet if they choose to nor does it prohibit the armed serv-ices from meeting the dietary needs of those who choose a vegetarian or vegan diet. All this amendment does is to en-sure there is also a meat option avail-able. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ). Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate the gentleman bring-ing this issue to our attention, and I am pleased to accept his amendment. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. I thank the chairman. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I rise to claim time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, in the interest of full disclosure, I would indicate to all of my colleagues here that I did have meat at lunch yester-day. I ate meat last night. I appreciate the gentleman’s concern about ideological activists attacking the menus at the Department of De-fense, but I do trust they will have the intestinal fortitude to resist those par-ticular attacks. I would note that the gentleman’s amendment says that none of the funds made available by this act may be used to revise the DOD Food Service Program Manual Number 1338.10 dated December 2, 2014. I would simply note that today in military dining facilities, there are a wide variety of foods to choose from, taking into account religious and per-sonal preferences, even for carnivores. There is no policy under consideration to eliminate meat from the nutritional programs for our military services. It is my understanding that there are vegetarian MREs, there are meat MREs. Interestingly enough, when I had a recent conversation with General Carr, who is the adjutant general of the Indi-ana National Guard, I asked: What is your biggest problem today? He said: Fitness, diet, and physical fitness. So I think to impose ourselves into a food service program manual—particu-larly since the gentleman is a member of a political party that talks about overregulation in this country—is an overreach. The question I would have for my colleagues is: Should we start consid-ering whether we should be using diced tomatoes in our various food service areas or should we do whole tomatoes? Should we, when we serve tuna fish, have chunk white or solid white? I think at this point in time, given the gravity of the issues that we have discussed over the last 3 days relative to our Nation’s defense that we are now micromanaging, and for that reason, I am opposed to the amendment. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Nebraska. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I would add that my amendment actually reduces the regulation and en-sures that our men and women in uni-form have adequate choices at the table, at the cafeteria, wherever they might choose to eat. This does not pro-hibit anything. This just ensures that options are available. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I, again, think that the gentleman overreaches. It is micro-managing, and I am opposed to his amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Nebraska for bringing this amendment. I would like to just focus us on what this is about. This is a Humane Society of the United States vegan/vegetarian kind of initiative. It is about taking meat off the plates of the American people. They are in here in this Congress con-stantly year after year with another attempt and another attempt. The USDA had meatless Mondays, and the Secretary of Agriculture said: I don’t know where that came from. It just happened. I don’t even know what staff person put that up on our Web site, but they took it down right away. b1130 Our military? We would starve them for meat? We need them to be aggres-sive and healthy. There is a picture here from The At-lantic that shows the Norwegian army. They have meatless Mondays. And they are fighting climate change with meat-less Mondays. Then, why is this a political agenda? Let people eat what they want to eat. Let’s not take it off of their plate. They need it. By the way, there is a reindeer on the shoulder of this Norwegian soldier. It is the number one favorite meat in all Norway, but they can’t eat it on Mon-day because the political agenda seems to want to drive this thing. Let people have freedom. Let’s have a strong military. Let them have a lot of protein and a lot of energy to defend our God-given liberty. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I would just add that the U.S. Coast Guard, although not contained in this bill, has already engaged in an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.033 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3935 June 16, 2016 
agenda to remove meat from some of the menus on certain days of the week within that branch. I want to ensure that our men and women in uniform who serve in harm’s way will have the options that they choose. And I would imagine that, given the health impact of a healthy source of protein being meat, we should afford our men and women in uniform that option. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–623 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. S
HUSTER of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 9 by Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. Amendment No. 13 by Mr. Q
UIGLEY of Illinois. Amendment No. 16 by Mr. O’R
OURKE  of Texas. Amendment No. 17 by Mr. H
UFFMAN  of California. Amendment No. 19 by Mr. P
OEof Texas. Amendment No. 21 by Mr. S
ANFORD of South Carolina. Amendment No. 22 by Mr. B
UCK of Colorado. Amendment No. 24 by Mr. B
YRNE of Alabama. Amendment No. 25 by Mr. K
INGof Iowa. Amendment No. 26 by Mr. G
OSAR of Arizona. Amendment No. 27 by Mr. K
INGof Iowa. Amendment No. 29 by Mr. L
AMBORN  of Colorado. Amendment No. 30 by Mr. M
ASSIE of Kentucky. Amendment No. 31 by Mr. M
ASSIE of Kentucky. Amendment No. 32 by Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK of California. Amendment No. 33 by Mr. M
ULVANEY  of South Carolina. Amendment No. 34 by Mr. D
ESANTIS  of Florida. Amendment No. 36 by Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER of California. Amendment No. 37 by Mr. W
ALBERG  of Michigan. Amendment No. 40 by Mr. C
ONYERS of Michigan. Amendment No. 42 by Ms. G
ABBARD  of Hawaii. Amendment No. 44 by Mr. M
CGOVERN  of Massachusetts. Amendment No. 45 by Ms. L
EEof California. Amendment No. 46 by Mr. P
OLIS of Colorado. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 205, noes 216, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 306] AYES—205 
Abraham Aguilar Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Bustos Byrne Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Chabot Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Costello (PA) Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Frankel (FL) Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Hartzler Hensarling Hinojosa Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight LaHood LaMalfa Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lipinski LoBiondo Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCaul McClintock McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nugent Olson Palmer Pascrell Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Upton Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walz Webster (FL) Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (AK) NOES—216 
Adams Aderholt Allen Becerra Benishek Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Butterfield Calvert Capps Carney Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kildee Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Moolenaar Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roybal-Allard Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Loebsack Schakowsky Takai Wilson (FL) 
b1158 Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. QUIGLEY, TAKANO, Mrs. LOWEY, Messrs. ZINKE, RIBBLE, PALAZZO, ELLISON, LONG, RUSSELL, Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. BUCHANAN, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Messrs. WEBER of Texas, ROONEY of Florida, M
CCARTHY, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. BISHOP of Utah, BENISHEK, ROHRABACHER, VAN HOLLEN, ADERHOLT, Ms. SPEIER, Messrs. DENT, POCAN, BECERRA, Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.036 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3936 June 16, 2016 
KAPTUR, and Mrs. ROBY changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. ROE of Tennessee, ISSA, AMODEI, BOST, WALKER, Mrs. LUMMIS, Messrs. NEAL, CAPUANO, KENNEDY, M
CHENRY, COLE, SHIMKUS, RICH-MOND, GARAMENDI, Mrs. BEATTY, Messrs. KEATING and M
ACARTHUR changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 248, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 307] AYES—172 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—248 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeGette Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Stewart Takai Wilson (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1202 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY mr. ROGERS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 177, noes 243, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 308] AYES—177 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Conyers Cook Costa Crawford Davidson Davis (CA) DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Latta Lawrence Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McGovern McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Nadler Neugebauer Nolan Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.038 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3937 June 16, 2016 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Turner Upton Veasey Vela Walberg Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoho Young (AK) Zinke 
NOES—243 
Adams Aderholt Amash Amodei Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Gibbs Gohmert Granger Graves (GA) Grayson Grijalva Guinta Hahn Hardy Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lynch MacArthur Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Gutie´rrez Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Takai Wilson (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1206 Ms. SINEMA changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 159, noes 261, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 309] AYES—159 
Adams Amash Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rokita Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—261 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Engel Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Takai Wilson (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.015 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3938 June 16, 2016 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1209 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . O’ROURKE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 157, noes 263, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 310] AYES—157 
Amash Beatty Becerra Bera Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Burgess Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gosar Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Lee Lewis Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meeks Moulton Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—263 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Scalise Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1213 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 268, noes 153, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 311] AYES—268 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Cramer Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fleming Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (LA) Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Olson Pallone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.044 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3939 June 16, 2016 
Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (SC) Wittman Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IN) 
NOES—153 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Bucshon Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chaffetz Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Dent Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline LaHood Lamborn Latta Lawrence Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meehan Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Royce Ruppersberger Russell Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Walberg Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1217 Mr. GARRETT changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 230, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 312] AYES—191 
Abraham Amash Ashford Babin Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Crawford Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch Marchant Massie McClintock McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Mica Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush Salmon Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sherman Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Trott Upton Veasey Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke NOES—230 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Bonamici Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Himes Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Long Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nunes Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pittenger Pitts Pocan Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wenstrup Whitfield Womack Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1220 Mr. RIGELL changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.023 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3940 June 16, 2016 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 155, noes 265, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 313] AYES—155 
Aguilar Allen Amash Babin Barr Beyer Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clay Collins (GA) Costa Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fleming Flores Foster Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind Kinzinger (IL) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lieu, Ted Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Massie McClintock Meadows Meeks Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neugebauer Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Tiberi Tipton Van Hollen Veasey Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wittman Womack Yoder Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—265 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hartzler Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Renacci Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Franks (AZ) Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1224 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 216, noes 205, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 314] AYES—216 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.050 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3941 June 16, 2016 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—205 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1227 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 223, noes 198, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 315] AYES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—198 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1231 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.025 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3942 June 16, 2016 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 221, noes 200, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 316] AYES—221 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—200 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1234 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 210, noes 211, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 317] AYES—210 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—211 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.057 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3943 June 16, 2016 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1237 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 207, noes 214, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 318] AYES—207 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—214 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zinke NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1240 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.026 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3944 June 16, 2016 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 245, noes 175, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 319] AYES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—175 
Adams Amash Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Rogers (AL) Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1243 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 48, noes 372, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 320] AYES—48 
Amash Becerra Blackburn Blumenauer Buck Cohen DeFazio DesJarlais Doggett Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Eshoo Farr Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Grayson Hahn Huelskamp Jones Labrador Lee Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Nolan O’Rourke Perry Pingree Poe (TX) Polis Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Schrader Schweikert Speier Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tonko Trott Welch Williams Yoho 
NOES—372 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.063 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3945 June 16, 2016 
Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1246 Mr. ROHRABACHER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 198, noes 222, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 321] AYES—198 
Adams Amash Barton Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Bridenstine Buck Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Farenthold Fleming Foster Foxx Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mica Mooney (WV) Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Renacci Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Stutzman Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Wagner Walker Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Yoder Yoho 
NOES—222 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Hardy Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Peters Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Scalise Schiff Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1249 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 321, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yea,’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . 
MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.031 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3946 June 16, 2016 
The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 221, noes 197, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 322] AYES—221 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—197 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Young (IA) NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Gutie´rrez Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Vela´zquez Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1252 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 112, noes 306, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 323] AYES—112 
Amash Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Cummings DeFazio DeSaulnier DesJarlais Doggett Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Foster Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gosar Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Keating Kennedy Kildee Kind Labrador Larsen (WA) Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McClintock McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meng Mica Moore Mulvaney Nadler Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Perry Pocan Polis Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sherman Slaughter Speier Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Van Hollen Vela´zquez Welch Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—306 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.069 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3947 June 16, 2016 
Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Stivers Takai Wilson (FL) Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1255 Mr. PALLONE changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 226, noes 194, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 324] AYES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—194 
Adams Amash Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rogers (AL) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1259 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 84, noes 336, not voting 14, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.035 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3948 June 16, 2016 
[Roll No. 325] AYES—84 
Abraham Amash Babin Benishek Bishop (MI) Blum Bost Brooks (AL) Buchanan Burgess Clawson (FL) Cohen Collins (NY) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Green, Gene Guinta Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Latta Lofgren Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McClintock McGovern McMorris Rodgers Miller (MI) Mulvaney Nolan Palmer Perry Poe (TX) Posey Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Rohrabacher Rouzer Salmon Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Stutzman Tiberi Trott Upton Walberg Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Williams Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
NOES—336 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1302 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 325, I inadvertently voted ‘‘yes’’ on the Rohr-abacher amendment. I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 218, noes 201, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 326] AYES—218 
Abraham Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Cartwright Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Culberson Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Farr Fleming Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Keating Kind King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Latta Lee Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Paulsen Payne Perry Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sherman Shuster Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
NOES—201 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Barr Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bost Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fleischmann 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.042 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3949 June 16, 2016 
Flores Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hardy Harper Heck (WA) Hill Hinojosa Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCaul McCollum Meehan Meeks Meng Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Womack Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Crawford Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1305 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ON-
YERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 204, noes 216, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 327] AYES—204 
Adams Amash Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Cramer Crowley Cummings Davidson Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—216 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1308 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 135, noes 283, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 328] AYES—135 
Amash Babin Becerra Benishek Blum Blumenauer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.044 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3950 June 16, 2016 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cohen Conyers Cummings Davidson Davis, Danny DeFazio Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Farr Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kirkpatrick Labrador Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Love Lowenthal Lummis Marchant Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meng Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Payne Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ribble Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rothfus Rush Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schrader Schweikert Serrano Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westmoreland Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—283 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Ratcliffe Schakowsky Scott, David Sinema Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1311 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 135, noes 285, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 329] AYES—135 
Adams Amash Becerra Benishek Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Conyers Crowley Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Foster Fudge Garamendi Gosar Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Yoho NOES—285 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.046 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3951 June 16, 2016 
Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1314 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 146, noes 274, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 330] AYES—146 
Adams Amash Becerra Benishek Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Fudge Garamendi Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Himes Hinojosa Honda Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Rigell Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Woodall Yarmuth Yoho NOES—274 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1317 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 69, noes 351, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 331] AYES—69 
Amash Barton Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Burgess Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cohen Conyers Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Garrett Gosar Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hinojosa Honda Huffman Jeffries Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Labrador Lee Lewis Lowenthal Lummis Lynch Massie McDermott McGovern Moore Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.053 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3952 June 16, 2016 
Payne Pingree Pocan Polis Rangel Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Schrader Sensenbrenner Serrano Slaughter Speier Takano Tonko Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zinke 
NOES—351 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E.B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1320 Messrs. WELCH and MASSIE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read the last two lines. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 783, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5471. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 282, nays 138, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 332] YEAS—282 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.055 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3953 June 16, 2016 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—138 
Adams Amash Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Labrador Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1327 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COUNTERING TERRORIST RADICALIZATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5471) to combat terrorist re-cruitment in the United States, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 15, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 333] YEAS—402 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—15 
Amash Capuano Carson (IN) Cleaver Clyburn Fudge Gohmert Kaptur Lee Lewis Massie McDermott Moore Richmond Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—17 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Clay Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Grijalva Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Keating Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1338 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES REGARDING AMEND-MENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 5485, FI-NANCIAL SERVICES AND GEN-ERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017, AND H.R. 4768, SEPARATION OF POWERS RES-TORATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, this week, the Rules Committee issued two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.049 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3954 June 16, 2016 
announcements outlining the amend-ment process for H.R. 5485, the Finan-cial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017, and H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016. The deadline for amendments to be submitted for H.R. 4768 has been set at 10 a.m. on Monday, June 20. The dead-line for amendments to be submitted for H.R. 5485 has been set for noon on Monday. The text of each bill and more detailed information can be found on the Rules Committee Web site, and Members are welcome to contact the Rules Committee staff with any ques-tions they might have. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 321, the fiscal year 2017 De-fense Appropriations Act, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yea’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘nay.’’ This amendment prohibited the use of government data for our intel-ligence services, and I fully intended to vote ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader about the sched-ule for the week to come. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be post-poned until 6:30. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. The House will also consider the fis-cal year 2017 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill sponsored by Representative A
NDER CRENSHAW . The House will also consider the veto message of H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary.’’ Additionally, the House will consider a package of bills, authored by Rep-resentatives L
YNN JENKINS and E RIK P
AULSEN , that would make it easier for individuals to contribute to their health savings accounts and allow peo-ple to use their accounts to purchase over-the-counter drugs. Mr. Speaker, the House will also con-sider H.R. 4768, the Separation of Pow-ers Restoration Act, sponsored by Rep-resentative JOHNRATCLIFFE , which will ensure that the laws Congress passes are adhered to rather than the inter-pretations of unelected agency bureau-crats. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House may consider the conference report that in-cludes additional resources to combat the Zika virus, if that measure is ready. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the schedule and would ask him, on his last point, on the Zika conference, does the gentleman have any information as to what might be the conference agreement? I don’t have any information on that. Does the gentleman have any idea exactly where the conference is going and what we might expect? I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I know they are working very hard. They had met yesterday as well. I am hopeful that, in my conversations with the conferees, they are close to fin-ishing, and I have been explaining to them, as soon as they are finished, we would like to bring it to the floor as soon as possible for passage. I do want to thank the gentleman for his work on this effort as well. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, let’s hope we cannot go home, as we went home one recess, without doing Zika. Let’s hope we certainly don’t go home this recess without meeting this health cri-sis confronting our people. I am hope-ful that the conference will come to agreement and we can pass it here on the floor. Hopefully, it will be at a level necessary to fund the work that needs to be done to respond to that. The administration obviously has asked for $1.9 billion. The Senate was less; the House was less. Hopefully, we can come to a number that will be suf-ficient. On the appropriations, the Financial Services bill will be on the floor. Obvi-ously, there has been an announcement from the Rules Committee about when amendments will be received and the deadline for amendments, clearly indi-cating it would be a structured rule. b1345 I would simply, again, express con-cerns. We had structured rules. The gentleman made that point, and I agree with that point. Very frankly, we went from open rules, which we started out with, to structured rules because, frankly, it was our perception that what we were having is filibuster by amendments—amendment after amendment after amendment—from your side of the aisle. As the gentleman well knows, the amendment process largely has been more amendments from your side on your bills than from our side. So we clearly have not been doing that. The gentleman mentioned something about abusing the process. Frankly, the Speaker said that as well. I totally dis-agree with that, and I don’t think there is any indication of that. As I pointed out in the Energy and Water bill, a majority of your Members voted against your own bill, largely be-cause it precluded discrimination against LGBT, which some people ex-pressed that was the reason they voted against the bill, which I think is deeply unfortunate. I quote from the Congressional Quar-terly: ‘‘The use of a so-called struc-tured amendment rule abandons the open-ended process that GOP leaders had hoped to adopt as part of a return to ‘regular order’ for appropriations bills.’’ Again, we did that, but we didn’t make a big thing about not doing it. We didn’t say that it is the wrong thing to do and the House was acting out of regular order. We did structured rules so we could get the bills done on time. I, frankly, see no evidence—none, zero—that we have delayed consider-ation of these bills in any way. That was not true, I guarantee you, when I was majority leader of the House. The strategy on your side of the aisle—not you, but on your side of the aisle—was to delay these bills and undermine them. Now, we had a lot of amendments of-fered by your side that we didn’t like. It was very uncomfortable politically for a number of our people. But those amendments were provided for. And you are absolutely correct, when it got to a point where we obviously couldn’t get the bills done in a timely fashion, we did go to a structured rule. So I don’t criticize so much the fact that you are having structured amendments as I am the fact that you so com-plained about that not being regular order, and as soon as you had a dif-ficult amendment, the LGBT discrimi-nation amendment, thereafter, within days, you announced that, oh, no, you were going to go to a structured rule because the amendment process was being abused. Now, I don’t want to belabor the point any more than I have, but, again, on the Defense bill, we have seen an egregious, tragic, and horrific event. And, Mr. Speaker, this is on policy and what I firmly believe is a mistake that we are making. Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York wanted to offer an amendment to say you shouldn’t discriminate against citizens who are members of the LGBT community. We saw a horrific event Sunday morning where a hate crime was com-mitted, a hate crime directed at LGBT members and, perhaps as well, mem-bers of the Latino community by an American citizen—not by foreigners, not an international, however he may have been motivated. But it was clear the animus was a hate crime. To the extent that we allow discrimi-nation or do not prevent discrimina-tion, I suggest respectfully that we, in a way, convey that it is okay to dis-criminate, it is okay to not like these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.094 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3955 June 16, 2016 
people, whoever these people are, whether they be African Americans, whether they be LGBT, whether they be people born in another land. It is not okay, and I deeply regret that we don’t allow the House to work its will. It did work its will. It adopted the Maloney amendment. Then that bill was rejected. You are right. We voted against it. We didn’t like the bill from the very beginning. But presumably, it was going to pass but for the adoption of the Maloney amendment—with your votes because it was your bill, a major-ity bill. We always passed our bill, if you look at the R
ECORD , with our votes when we offered appropriations bills to the floor. So I am hopeful that, notwith-standing the fact the rule is going to be structured, the Maloney amendment, which will speak to the very tragedy that occurred this past week—in part, not totally—will be allowed to be made in order so the House can loudly, clear-ly, and unequivocally say we do not be-lieve in discrimination against fellow citizens because they are LGBT citi-zens. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend if he wants to make a comment. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I understand the gentleman’s concern. I want to make it a point to make sure that we do have voices heard and Members have amendments. I went back and looked at the num-bers. Now, I know there are hundreds of amendments because these bills go through subcommittee, then they go through full committee, and at all times, Members from both sides of the aisle can offer amendments. When I looked at last year’s bill, under an open process, open rule, we considered 65 amendments on DOD. Well, we just considered 75. So it is a very open, structured rule. I went back and thought, let me look at overall. Is there history within Congress that we could measure ourselves to? Well, if I take as of May, the 114th Congress has considered 1,269 amend-ments overall on bills on the floor that have already gone through committee with the amendment process. In the 113th Congress, we were at 1,545. Now, how do we measure up with other Congresses? As you spoke, during the majority of the 111th Congress, they were at 778. I understand the concerns that you have, but I feel very comfortable in the fact that voices are being heard, and it is a very open, structured rule for amend-ments that could be offered. Another point to make is we just passed an appropriations bill dealing with defense in a large, bipartisan manner. So I believe it is working. It is a process that we continue to work through, and I applaud the gentlemen on both sides of the aisle who worked to help us get a bill that just got fin-ished in a bipartisan manner. I do want to thank the gentleman for his work on our last bill. There have been nine bills on this floor that have dealt with terrorism, the radical Islam that is attacking this country and other countries, from the task force that we put together after the attacks in Paris, three of them dealing directly with the radicalization of Americans— persons born in America and radicalized—and the damage they cause. I mourn the loss of those Ameri-cans and pray for those families, for what they are going through today. Now, those bills have sat in the Sen-ate, but the House had taken the ac-tion. Today, we put those bills back to-gether to make it easier on the Senate to be able to move those to the Presi-dent’s desk and signed into law. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his help and work with that. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments, and although, as you saw, we had an over-whelming vote for those three bills. We had already passed those. They are in the Senate. Now we have packaged them and repassed them. Mr. Speaker, I would say, with all due respect to the majority leader that, frankly, the events of Sunday would not be affected by those bills. We would hope very sincerely—again, let me reiterate, in the ‘‘Young Guns’’ under your authorship and Mr. Can-tor’s authorship and Mr. R
YAN’s au-thorship, that you believed in the book, the three leaders of this House— Mr. Cantor is no longer with us—in openness, consideration of issues, not-withstanding the fact that they may be uncomfortable issues. And, in fact, Speaker R
YANsaid—and I am sure you are tired of hearing me use this quote: ‘‘But Ryan said he wasn’t interested in playing things safe if it came at the expense of an open legislative process . . . we are not going to auto-up the process.’’ Struc-tured rules auto-up the process. ‘‘We are not going to auto-up the process and predetermine the outcome of ev-erything around here. I want the House to work its will.’’ With all due respect to my friend, I asked a specific question—and I will re-iterate that question. It is not about whether we have had 1,000 amendments or 5 amendments or 700 amendments. It is whether or not the Maloney amend-ment will be made in order on the Fi-nancial Services bill. The reason I say that is because we have had, I think, before the horrific incident that oc-curred on Sunday, a dramatic dem-onstration that this was, among other things, a hate crime. It was a hate crime based upon prejudice. What the Maloney amendment seeks to do is to put the Congress of the United States on record as being against that dis-crimination. That is a very important issue. It is a critical issue about what this coun-try is and the values that we have. It is the very kind of issue that it would seem to me to be self-evident to fall into the category of ‘‘I want to House to work its will.’’ This is not some number of amend-ments or this, that, and the other. This is a serious and immediate, clear and present danger to a lot of our citizens. We think it is important for Congress to go on record as saying that we are against discrimination in that regard. We would hope that this amendment would be made in order. We can’t offer it because it is not an open rule. We weren’t allowed to offer it on the De-fense bill. I would hope that Mr. SEAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York is al-lowed to offer that on the Financial Services bill, and the House can con-sider it. If the House disagrees with M
ALONEY , then the amendment will lose. But it will be consistent with the rhetoric that has been included for years by, frankly, the majority party, Mr. Speaker, that we will consider issues on their merits. Mr. Speaker, I will be glad to yield to my friend, but I hope I convey to you that we don’t believe this is a political issue in that sense. We believe this is a serious issue, and we believe that lit-erally millions of Americans are feel-ing very, very lonely in some respects, threatened in other respects, and hope-ful that the Congress of the United States would go on record as saying we will not tolerate discrimination against fellow Americans just because of a category that they may reside in. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the effort in which he puts forth his argument. Every amendment before the Rules Committee will be considered, and that will be brought forth next week. I will keep the Members posted on what the Rules Committee comes forth with. The one thing I do want to remind the gentleman of, the numbers show this may be a structured rule, but there were more amendments offered on the floor under a structured rule than an open rule. This is probably one of the most open, structured rules we have ever had. The numbers show that the amend-ments here are almost twice as many were offered in the 111th this time by May, and even more importantly, these bills have gone through committee— subcommittee and full committee— where all amendments are offered without going through the Rules Com-mittee. So, yes, it is my desire to have the voice of individuals heard, to be able to have amendments on this floor. That is why we created a structure that has this process to be able to work. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. The gentleman has just said we want to have individuals have the right to offer amendments. Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York wants to offer this amendment. b1400 This House voted for his amendment, as the gentleman recalls. A majority of this House supports the Maloney amendment, unless they have their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.095 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3956 June 16, 2016 
votes changed. They had their votes changed. We came back the following week, and the majority of this House voted for the Maloney amendment. Un-fortunately, the bill went down. I say ‘‘unfortunately’’ because the Maloney amendment didn’t go forward. There were a lot of good things in that bill. A majority of your Members voted against it. Had a majority of your Members voted for it, it would have passed, notwithstanding what we did, because you are in the majority and you have the numbers. So I would simply urge not to talk about we have had 15 amendments or 500 amendments. We would feel it very important that this Congress go on record telling our fellow Americans that we don’t believe in discrimination against LGBT citizens, period. If the majority of the House would vote that way, I think the majority of the Senate would vote that way. If the Maloney amendment is made in order, it will have, in my view, the support of the majority of this House. In that regard, therefore, it is certainly not specious, and I would hope that it would be made in order. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, we have seen a 16-hour filibuster on the floor of the United States Senate. That filibuster was about bringing to the floor of the House of Representatives legislation which is supported by over 75 percent of Americans. First of all, if you can’t fly, you ought not to be able to buy a gun. If you are so dangerous that you can’t get on a plane, you ought not to be allowed to buy a gun that could kill a lot of people very quickly, as we saw just the other day. And secondly, the overwhelming ma-jority of Americans support enhanced background checks overwhelmingly. Those two issues. I am led to believe, though I haven’t done the poll directly, that a majority of those who are members of the NRA— not the association itself, the National Rifle Association, but the majority of the members—when asked, support those two propositions. I would hope that they would be brought to the floor so that the House could work its will, again, on the premise, as you have stated and others have stated in your party, that under the leadership of the Republican Party the House is going to be able to work its will on important issues. That, we believe, is a critically important issue. I would hope the gentleman could as-sure me that that will be brought to the floor not necessarily next week, but in the very, very near future. I yield to my friend if he wants to re-spond. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. As the gentleman knows—and I thank you for buying the book; I thought only my mother did—an open process also means going through com-mittee. I can’t will something just to come to the floor. We like things to go through committees. I know at times like this we want to make sure that fear does not get the better of our judgment. It is absolutely appropriate for us to discuss options that could hopefully prevent the next attack. I am proud of the fact that the last bill we just passed dealt with the radicalization of Americans. But we cannot lose sight of our basic rights protected in the Constitution, includ-ing the right to due process. In the weeks and months to come, I would expect that the House will take additional action in response to the threat posed by ISIL and others. I look forward to working with the gentleman in a constructive way to ensure the safety and security of all Americans. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Let me remind him that—although there seems to be some tangential rela-tionship because of the self-proclama-tion by the killer, the person who cre-ated the massacre in Orlando—the per-son who created the massacre in Charleston, Roof, had no relationship to ISIL or anybody in the international community. He didn’t like African Americans. He killed them because of the color of their skin, and we speak out against that, properly so. Had the background check been ap-propriate in that case, that may have been stopped. We don’t know. But it is certainly worth making the effort to ensure that guns do not get in the hands of those who ought not to have them. Again, as I say, a majority of the American people support that. And, yes, the Export-Import Bank was bottled up in committee—we un-derstand you can bottle things up in committee—over 21⁄2years. When it fi-nally got to the floor, a majority of Re-publicans and all but one Democrat voted for it, over 300 votes for it, but it was bottled up in committee. That may be regular order, but it is not openness, and it is not having the House work its will. I would urge that those two items in particular—the no fly, no buy legisla-tion and the enhanced ability to know whether people ought to have guns or not—whether suffering from some sort of mental problem or having criminal records, that they not buy guns. I would hope we can bring that to the floor and have this House work its will, as has been suggested your side would do when and if it was in power, and it has been in power now for some period of time. If the gentleman wants to make addi-tional comments, I will yield. If not, I will yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield for one point? Mr. HOYER. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CCARTHY. It was your birth-day this week, and I just want to wish you a happy birthday. Mr. HOYER. Another vicious attack on me. I thank the majority leader, who is always very kind. I appreciate that very much. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 2016, TO MONDAY, JUNE 20, 2016 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday next and that the order of the House of January 5, 2016, regarding morning-hour debate not apply on that day. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. 
f 
CHEROKEE TRAIL BOY’S BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the boys baseball team of Cherokee Trail High School on winning the 2016 Colorado 5A State championship game on May 29, 2016. The students and staff who were part of the title-winning Cougar team de-serve to be honored for winning the State championship for the first time since they won the 4A State champion-ship in 2007. The Cougars beat Rocky Mountain High School 5–1 in the series, and ended the season with a winning 25–5 record. Throughout the season, the boys of Cherokee Trail baseball team were dedicated, worked hard, and per-severed. These traits were a key factor in their endeavor to win the champion-ship. But winning would not have been possible without the tireless leadership of their head coach, Allan Dyer, and his commendable staff. It is with great pride that I join all of the residents of Aurora, Colorado, in congratulating the Cherokee Trail Cou-gars on their State championship. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, when will we have legislation to help stop the gun violence? Orlando, Charleston, San Bernardino, Newtown, Aurora, Fort Hood, Virginia Tech—and, yes, the list goes on. It seems like every few days we see yet another shooting and more scores of innocent lives cut short. I believe, like the majority of Ameri-cans, I am ready to wake up from this nightmare. I know many in this Cham-ber, Mr. Speaker, feel the same way, too. Well, it is time for Congress to act. We don’t have to look for motivation. The outpouring of love and coming to-gether following the Charleston 9 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.097 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3957 June 16, 2016 
shooting, just 365 days ago tomorrow, brought down a symbol of racism and hate that hung for more than a cen-tury. Mr. Speaker, let our actions and col-lective resolve in the wake of Charles-ton serve as an example for long-over-due action on guns in the wake of Or-lando. The American people need us to be united, to come together strong. I want to thank Columbus, Ohio, in my district, for being Columbus strong against hatred, discrimination, and the violence against our LGBT community and other communities. I am Congresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY , and I am asking this House and Speak-er R
YANto do the same. 
f 
HONORING MARIE WHITACRE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor a great friend in northern California, Marie Whitacre. She cer-tainly was not a giant in stature, if you knew her, but she was a giant in the real estate industry in northern Cali-fornia. She passed away on June 9. Marie moved to northern California in 1978, leaving southern California to become the executive officer of the Shasta Association of REALTORS. She continued to serve our area in that role for the majority of her 52-year career. Not only was Marie one of the first women executives in the area, but she also brought tremendous success to her association, making it one of Califor-nia’s top real estate advocacy groups before she decided to step down from the position in 2007. I knew Marie personally as a friend, as a lady with a kind, nice touch but also the ability to get things done dur-ing my time serving in office as well as working with her and her association. Indeed, it was a pleasure, and we will miss her. Marie is survived by her brother, Mike; sister, Sally; husband, Harlan; and son, Tom. Indeed, she made a big impression on her clientele in the north State. We will miss her. God bless her and her family. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF FARM CREDIT (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 100th anniversary of Farm Credit organizations here in the United States. Over the last century, these organizations have provided crit-ical funding for new farmers, farmers who have been in business, and families for many, many years. I know that in my own family situa-tion, my father was on the board of di-rectors of the Land Bank in Stockton, California. When my wife and I wanted to start our own ranch, for the first 2 years, we relied upon the Farm Credit associations. And so it is all across America, as farmers try to continue their business to provide the food for our Nation and around the world, the Farm Credit or-ganizations are there to make sure that the money is available for the op-erations of those farms and ranches. f 
SECURITY, JUSTICE, AND EQUALITY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today, the President and Vice Presi-dent of the United States, rightly so, have gone to Orlando, Florida, to be with the Senate delegation and Con-gresswoman C
ORRINE BROWN , our col-league whose district was impacted by this heinous terrorist act. I thank him for that, and I thank him for bringing this country together, recognizing that we are not here to blame Muslims, we are not here to blame people of different faith; we are here to draw together. I want the Mus-lim community to know that we stand with them in their outrage over this incident and their recognition of the values of their faith. Let me also say that we honor and mourn those from the Latino commu-nity who died in this tragic and hei-nous act, and we want to do something about it. Congresswoman B
ROWN and I have introduced H.R. 5470, which re-quires that before anyone gets an as-sault weapon, they must answer ques-tions about evidence and recent con-tacts by Federal law enforcement au-thorities that they have been engaged in. It must be verified. Let me finally say, Mr. Speaker, that we want the Nation to be secure, but we also want justice in our criminal justice system. I am looking forward to moving that legislation forward be-cause we must be balanced: security and justice and equality for people in the criminal justice system. 
f 
b1415 SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH AND ITS IMPACT ON COMMERCIAL APPLI-CATIONS (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the importance of scientific research and its impact on commercial applications. Here is a great example. Scientists have been working to understand dark matter. Dark matter is heavy enough to hold the galaxies together through its gravitational pull, yet it has not been detected by current technology, such as by telescopic observation. Re-search has led to experiments that would detect dark matter as it scatters from ordinary particles. Princeton University physicists and collaborators who are working on this problem needed to use a rare isotope of the inert gas argon. A National Science Foundation award to Princeton en-abled the university group to test sam-ples of underground gases to locate the required argon. In doing so, they dis-covered a source from a private com-pany where the argon is captured dur-ing a CO2extraction process. In addi-tion to the extraction process, we also found that it captures helium. This new helium supply is expected to re-place more than 15 percent of the com-mercial helium that is provided by the Bureau of Land Management. We have all used helium in balloons and to make our voices high and squeaky, but there are industrial, medical, and sci-entific processes that use helium as well. We need to provide funding to the National Science Foundation and to other scientific research organizations to continue making such discoveries and help keep America strong. 
f 
END THE EPIDEMIC OF GUN SILENCE (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this picture of these murdered children was from 3 years ago, but the mass murders con-tinue, and the American people are saying, ‘‘Enough,’’ and they are de-manding that this Congress put an end to our epidemic on gun silence; but, for nearly two decades, there has been a gag order in place that has prevented scientific research into the causes and cures of gun violence. The 1997 omnibus budget bill con-tained language that was made for the gun lobby. It targeted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention with the intended effect of prohibiting any federally funded research on the seri-ous public health issue of gun violence. Sadly, the pro-gun lobby was successful in its efforts to censor science—this de-spite the fact that guns have taken more lives in this country since 1968 than were lost in all of the wars this Nation has ever fought. So I urge my colleagues to support my bill, H.R. 2612, to restore funding— to lift the gag rule—for research on gun violence and prevention, because, on this issue, the science is literally killing us. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FARM CREDIT SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.098 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3958 June 16, 2016 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise, first, to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Farm Credit System in America. The Farm Credit System in America was set 100 years ago to provide lending opportunities for American farmers, ranchers, dairymen—those who tilled the soil, those who put food on Amer-ica’s dinner table every night. Through the success of the Farm Credit organi-zations throughout this country, we celebrate now 100 years of that success-ful ability to make loans to those who are young, who are older farmers, who are starting out, who have been farm-ing for generations—to those who in every region of America do best, which is to produce the healthiest, the most nutritious, the most bountiful crops anywhere grown in the world so that American consumers and their families can enjoy those food products at the lowest cost value possible. Clearly, we know that the success of American agriculture is, in large part, due to the success of the Farm Credit organizations across this country. We commend them for their efforts and celebrate 100 years of making America the most productive agricultural coun-try in the world. 
TERROR ATTACK IN ORLANDO , FLORIDA  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise, sadly, to address the terror attack that occurred last Sunday in Orlando, Flor-ida. Today, the President and the Vice President are journeying to Orlando to mourn with those families and friends who felt this terrible tragedy that has reverberated across America. As we mourn the loss of those lives, we stand with the LGBT community and decry all crimes of hate against all people in America and throughout the world. Sadly, in my district, there have been multiple instances of hate crimes committed, in part, against the Sikh community and against other commu-nities. In the wake of the deadliest shooting in U.S. history, issues like hate crimes, access to weapons, and the threat of terrorism are at the forefront of Americans’ thoughts. As Members of Congress, we have to ask ourselves: At what point are we going to have an honest discussion about the continuation of hate crimes that happen throughout our country? When is enough enough? If now is not the time, then when is the time? The deadly shootings that took place in Orlando, we know, could have hap-pened anywhere in the United States. The reality is that we do not have a consensus here in this House on the ap-propriate policies that are needed to prevent it from happening again. It is time that we stop playing politics if we are ever going to have an honest dis-cussion, a conversation, about pre-venting hate crimes in America. Sound bites and blaming others do not trans-late into improving policies that make Americans safer. It simply doesn’t. I urge my colleagues, on a bipartisan basis, to thoughtfully discuss and to hold hearings on these very important issues so that we can pass meaningful legislation. Yes, if we pass meaningful legislation, it will have to be, by its very nature, bipartisan. Pass it, and send it to the President’s desk so that it can be signed into law. Hopefully, we will point back to a time when we won’t have to stand for a moment of si-lence for a tragedy that occurred in some part of America. Americans, I be-lieve, want us to do better, and we owe them that. CALIFORNIA ’S WATER SYSTEM  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, finally, I rise, as I have on a regular basis, to up-date Members of the House on the situ-ation that faces California’s water sys-tem—the devastating drought that now has gone beyond 4 years. Today, the Shasta Lake and Folsom Lake, which are part of the Central Valley’s project—two major reservoirs in the Sacramento River watershed— have enough water to supply 100 per-cent water allocations to farmers in the Sacramento Valley and to the San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors, along with wildlife refuges in the San Joaquin Valley. We had hoped for an El Nino year. We didn’t get it, but we did get between 80 and 95 percent of our normal supply, which is much better than the 5 percent of snow and rain that we received the year before. Notwithstanding that fact, the United States National Marine Fish-eries Service and the Fish and Wildlife Service are now proposing new efforts in recent weeks to recover species, which will impact Reclamation’s abil-ity to deliver the water that they had previously allocated. In the spring, the way the Federal and State water projects work, is that, in April, the snow depths are measured—that is about the end of our snow in Cali-fornia—as is the precipitation during our rain time period of the year, and they measure how much water is avail-able to be allocated for all of the water contractors, both in the Federal serv-ice areas and in the State service areas. Yet, if the action that is being pro-posed 2 months later by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and by NMFS—as a part of the NOAA Federal agency—is taken, it would be unprecedented that 2 months after allocations have been made, based upon what we believe the snow to be in the mountains and the rain we receive this winter, the alloca-tions somehow would be taken back or dramatically cut back. Despite an abundance of water in the Shasta Reservoir—it is almost full— the National Marine Fisheries Service is considering a temperature control plan that would limit releases of only 8,000 cubic feet per second of water. Now the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is asking that we allow more water out, and, of course, the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service is asking that we restrict water to reserve a cold water pool. The constraints, which are re-quired by existing regulations, have the following implications if, in fact, these actions are taken: One, it would prevent farmers in the Sacramento Valley from diverting water already promised by Reclama-tion. Unheard of; It would limit Reclamation’s ability to export water to meet its commit-ment to the Exchange Contractors and to senior water rights holders in the San Joaquin Valley. It has not hap-pened before; It could lead to Reclamation’s having to make releases from Friant Dam, which is in my service area, to meet other contractors’ needs and reduce water previously promised to farmers in the Friant system, who, over the last 2 years, have received a zero water allocation. In April, Reclamation said they could get 35 percent of their nor-mal water. Then, in May, it was in-creased by another 30 percent to 65 per-cent. Now they are talking about cut-ting it in half, maybe. Unacceptable; It would also be unlikely that Rec-lamation could supply the meager 5 percent of allocation that was made for south-of-delta agricultural water serv-ice contractors. Let me tell you that these contractors, for over 2 years, have had a zero water allocation. Hun-dreds of thousands of acres, as a result of that, have gone unplanted—fallow. These are devastating impacts for farmers, farmworkers, and the farm communities that I represent that work so hard every day to put food on America’s dinner table. That is the consequence. Reclamation would be re-quired to, once again, drain the re-serves in the Folsom Reservoir, the Folsom Dam. These consequences, in my view, are unacceptable and should not occur. While the National Marine Fisheries Service is proposing water to be held in Shasta through the summer and fall, the Fish and Wildlife Service is re-questing additional outflow, during the summer, for increasing the habitat for delta smelt. b1430 These conflicting requests make no sense. They make no sense to the per-son on the street. They make no sense if you try to explain it to people enjoy-ing their dinner at their dinner table. And they certainly don’t make any sense to the farmers, the farmworkers, and the farm communities. The request, I might add, is outside of the requirements of the 2008 biologi-cal opinion—I called them the flawed biological opinions—under the Endan-gered Species Act, and it is in direct contradiction to the requests made by the National Marine Fisheries Service. Further, the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice has failed to conduct the statutory analysis on the outflow request; and when they made the request, it was made without adequate scientific sup-port under the environmental review process. If I sound frustrated, I have good rea-son to be frustrated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.099 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3959 June 16, 2016 
Additionally, the Fish and Wildlife Service is also failing to implement a comprehensive plan for species recov-ery. In testimony, the head of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, when I asked over a month ago if they had a recov-ery plan, said: Well, yes. I said: Well, what is it? He said: Well, it is 20 years old, so it is really out of date. I said: Well, then, you really don’t have a plan. And they acknowledged that. Part of the comprehensive recovery plan does include provisions like those in legislation that we voted on yester-day in the Natural Resources Com-mittee, the Save Our Salmon Act, of which I am a cosponsor. This act would begin to limit the impacts of predator species that are one of the principal causes of the decline of salmon and smelt in the delta. So the Save Our Salmon Act needs to be heard here on the floor, and I hope it will be passed and ultimately signed into law. So the requirements made by the Na-tional Marine Fisheries Service, the Fish and Wildlife Service are unprece-dented, I say again; and the impacts, intended or not, are real. They will be severe throughout California, espe-cially in the San Joaquin Valley that I represent a part of, affecting as much as 6 million acres of productive, prime agricultural land that produces half the Nation’s fruits and vegetables. That is the number one citrus State in the Nation, the number one dairy State in the Nation, number one production in wine and grapes. The product lines, 300 commodities, go on and on and on. That is how devastating these deci-sions could be if, in fact, they were granted. So I urge the administration to re-ject these harmful actions. Common sense, at some time, must be applied. Let’s prevent this train wreck from happening. Let’s get to work on fixing a broken water system in California that was designed for 20 million people. Today we have 41 million people living in California. It was designed for the agriculture we had in the sixties. Today, we are far more productive in our agricultural efforts, and it was never designed in a way to provide for environmental water as it is being re-quested today. So it is a broken water system because, when we have contin-uous dry years, it cannot serve all the demands that are placed upon it for our people, for our farms, and to ensure that we have the ability to maintain the environment for future generations to come. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CHALLENGES FACING THE COUNTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), my good friend and a great Member of Congress. 
REESTABLISH INTEGRITY OF ARTICLE I OF THE  
CONSTITUTION  
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, for the past 7
1⁄2years, this President has ig-nored Article I of the Constitution and the will of the American people. The balance of power detailed in the Constitution is very clear: Congress writes laws; the President executes those laws. But through controversial executive orders and questionable reg-ulations and selective enforcement of laws, the President has time and again bypassed our government’s critical sys-tem of checks and balances to drive his own personal agenda of Big Govern-ment and big regulation. Congress must reset this balance, re-claim its legislative power, and rees-tablish the integrity of Article I of the Constitution. The most blatant attack on our Con-stitution is his executive order to sus-pend immigration laws for nearly 4 million people who are in our country illegally. In acting alone, the President has made clear his desire for amnesty for illegal immigrants, in direct viola-tion of the laws of this Nation. We are a nation of immigrants. But more importantly, Mr. Speaker, we are a nation of laws. This issue will only be resolved when the executive branch en-forces existing law and works with the elected Members of Congress instead of sidestepping the Constitution and dis-respecting the will of the people. Mr. Speaker, Americans are des-perate for greater security and eco-nomic opportunity. This comes with elevating, not undermining, the spirit of self-government, on which our Na-tion was founded. This is not a Republican or a Demo-crat issue. This is an American issue, and it touches the core of our system of government. It is time that we re-store and protect Article I of the Con-stitution and put the people first. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, such an articulate person in Congress is appre-ciated by all of us, especially so clear thinking. That is exactly the kind of thinking we need in the executive branch. Mr. Speaker, we have an article just in from Carolyn May today: ‘‘441 Syr-ian Refugees Admitted to the U.S. Since the Orlando Attack, Dozens to Florida.’’ It says: ‘‘The administration has accelerated the pace of resettlement despite warn-ings from top security officials about potential vulnerabilities in vetting mi-grants from terror-hotspots like Syria and reports that ISIS operatives have infiltrated the refugee flows. ‘‘In written testimony prepared for a Thursday hearing of the Senate Intel-ligence Committee, CIA Director John Brennan again warned about the poten-tial for ISIS operatives to manipulate the refugee system, as well as other immigration paths.’’ While our CIA Director from this ad-ministration was warning the Senate here on Capitol Hill about ISIS being amongst the Syrian refugees—and ISIS leaders themselves have said, oh, yeah, we are going to have some of our kill-ers amongst the so-called Syrian refu-gees. Because we don’t really know where they are from, and that was pretty clear from testimony sometime back from FBI Director Comey, who said, sure, basically we will vet them, but we have no information to vet them with. Whoever they say they are, wherever they say they are from, espe-cially if they say they are from Syria, we really don’t have a good way to dis-prove or to prove. So, yeah, we will vet them. But since we have nothing to check with—as he said, you know, we had tremendous in-formation from Iraq. We had the gov-ernment’s own records, but we got nothing to vet the Syrians. So perhaps this is an area we should believe the Islamic State leaders when they say ‘‘we are getting our terrorists in amongst the Syrian refugees.’’ And apparently the CIA Director takes this seriously. And we hope, at some point, the President will as well. Before people get too harsh in their judgments of the FBI or the FBI agents who had questioned the Orlando shoot-er, the killer, the murderer, the Is-lamic radical in Orlando, it is impor-tant that we keep in mind that—you know, the 9/11 Commission was com-posed of Republicans, Democrats, and this bipartisan group used this term, ‘‘violent extremism.’’ They only used that three times, because they knew from their good report. They talked about the ‘‘enemy’’ 39 times. This ad-ministration doesn’t like to talk about an enemy, so it is not appropriate for the FBI nor the National Intelligence Strategy. And this FBI counterterrorism lexi-con was developed in 2009 after this President took office because they wanted to make sure that we don’t of-fend the people who want to kill us and destroy our way of life. So there are terms that are off limits in this admin-istration, in the FBI, in the national intelligence community. I haven’t gotten any updates offi-cially, but from what I understand from friends that work in these areas, there is no real update. You want a quick end to your career in the FBI or in our intelligence agencies, then all you have to use are the terms ‘‘jihad,’’ ‘‘Muslim,’’ ‘‘Islam.’’ If you talk about the Muslim Brotherhood, your career is pretty well over. You don’t want to talk about Hamas or Hezbollah. ‘‘Al Qaeda,’’ that was used one time in the National Intelligence Strategy that this administration put forth. But for heaven’s sake, even though the radical Islamists are making clear that they want an international caliph-ate in which everyone bows their knee to Allah and to the twelfth imam, the imam that is going to come back and lead everybody, you sure don’t want to say it in this administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.101 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3960 June 16, 2016 
And it is not appropriate to talk about sharia. Unfortunately, polls these days are showing that there is a massive number and a massive percent-age of people who have already immi-grated into the United States who are Muslim that say that they owe their allegiance more to sharia than to our Constitution. I know that people constantly say we should not discriminate, and certainly we should not, you know, as a judge, as a prosecutor, as a chief justice, dis-criminate based on things that were in-appropriate. But if somebody is com-mitting a crime, has committed a crime, wants to destroy our way of life, bring down our government, destroy Western civilization, it is okay to dis-criminate against those people because what they have done or want to do is called a crime. If they want to bring down our Con-stitution and have it submissive to sharia law, the appropriate term for that is treason. And it is okay to dis-criminate against people who want to destroy your country, destroy your government, bring down the Constitu-tion, and it is okay to discriminate. If someone wants to immigrate into this country—and we are getting word that some are instructed not to talk about or mention their religious beliefs and just say it is none of your busi-ness—it is important to find out, before we give American citizenship to people, whether or not they can take the oath as a citizen honestly, truthfully, with no hesitation. Because if they cannot, then we need to discriminate against them and prevent those people who want to commit treason from becoming American citizens. b1445 It is called self-defense. It is called self-preservation. So, no, we don’t want to ever discriminate against anybody based on race, creed, color, national or-igin, gender, age; but if somebody is not willing, because of their religious beliefs, to state that the Constitution is something to which they can pledge their complete allegiance, then they are not supposed to get citizenship. It is supposed to be denied. If you want to call that discrimina-tion, then that is the kind that is okay. But the administration is going so far out of its way to try not to offend peo-ple that want to kill us and bring down our way of life that you can’t talk about who our enemy is. So for the three of us who have been through many of the materials that have been purged from our training materials be-cause they offended radical Islamists and Muslim Brotherhood sympathizers, it is important to understand, our FBI agents are not allowed to be properly trained to recognize what a radical Islamist believes, what he or she reads, the appearances that they have to as-cribe to, all these things. They are teachable because they are being taught to radical Islamists that want the international caliphate. I know the immediate reaction to killings. I have dear friends on the other side of the aisle, and I know that they are honorable and truly believe the best thing to do is to start having restrictions on guns; but if we were simply dealing with people who should not be in this country—and if they are in this country, they should not be walking free; and if they are in this country, they should never have been allowed to get guns under the laws, if they exist, if this administration were properly training our agents and en-forcing the laws—then we wouldn’t have to go after the guns, and these people would be alive today. I understand their concerns. The anger is normally with the instrument used. I was reading, again, earlier about the 100 days in Rwanda, when be-tween 500,000 to a million—many esti-mates say around 800,000 Rwandans— were killed mainly with machetes and clubs. Most of these people didn’t have guns, but they were intent on terror-izing the nation—at least the Tutsi people—and terrorize them they did. They killed them. They terrorized them. There was widespread rape. It was just a disaster of biblical propor-tions. Just horrendous. But when someone is intent on ter-rorizing to that extent, they use what-ever weapons are available, whether it is a machete, a club, a gun, a pressure cooker, or whatever they have avail-able, or fertilizer, as is so often used for making bombs. So our FBI, they are not able to use these words. The term ‘‘religious’’ has been used three times in the counter-terrorism lexicon, ‘‘religious.’’ And, of course, it is important to the current administration to use the term ‘‘reli-gious’’ from time to time because, as our Department of Homeland Security has already told us and as the Sec-retary of Homeland Security re-affirmed this week, we know that rightwing extremists are every bit as much a threat to the United States as Islamic radicals. Something I am not hearing a lot about, but I sure hear it when I get fussed at by rightwing ex-tremists. I know some people think that I am a rightwing extremist, but if you look back at the things the most liberal people in the country were saying in the early 1960s, boy, I am right there mainstream. We will see again in No-vember, but apparently I am pretty mainstream with the people of east Texas. But they have the same beliefs that our Founders did. They want freedom, and they want liberty, and they want their constitutional rights, which in-cludes the right to keep and bear arms so that, if somebody with a machete or somebody with a club or somebody with a gun who is intent on terrorizing, it won’t only be the terrorists and the criminals who have the guns. They want to keep their guns. So what I am hearing from rightwing extremists that stay mad at me be-cause I don’t speak up enough to their way of thinking is that they are angry because we have an administration that won’t identify the enemy. Clearly, most Americans understand radical Islamists are at war with America. Pointed out numerous times, but around the world, Muslim leaders have just been aghast and are asking me: What is wrong with your country? You are helping the wrong Muslims. You are helping the Muslim brothers who are at war with you. How about being a friend of those of us who are not at war with you? And they are right. This administra-tion has brought too many people alongside who do not like this country. Let’s look at the Orlando terrorist, the radical Islamist. He was 29 years old, and he was born in America. I have been warning about this for years, but people come here on visas, have a child, and then people here mistakenly think that that means they have to be an American citizen, where it seems pret-ty clear to some of us if we change the legislation to say that we stand with all the rest—I don’t know of any other place that does what we do, but we stand with at least most, if not all the rest, of the world, and changing our law to say: just because you are born in America does not mean you are an American citizen. I have even heard somebody on FOX News say: Well, there is no way around it. If you are born in America, it doesn’t matter who you are or where you are from, you are an American cit-izen. That is simply not true. If you go back and look at the debate over the 14th Amendment, the proponent of the 14th Amendment made it very clear that there are some groups that will not be American citizens under the 14th Amendment. We still recognize today the fact that if you are a dip-lomat here from a foreign country, then you are not subject to all of the laws of the country, and your children born here in America are not citizens. So, hopefully, those who think it is automatic no matter where you are from, they will be educated and know that is simply not the case. So we also have the right to tell peo-ple: No, if you come here illegally, just because you sneak in to the United States illegally or pay a gang or a drug cartel to get you in illegally does not mean that you are going to start in-creasing legally the population of the United States. But under existing laws, Omar Mateen was a 29-year-old American- born citizen. According to The Denver Post, Mateen’s family was from Af-ghanistan, but he was born in New York City. According to CBS News, Seddique Mir Mateen, the father of Omar Mateen, has well-known anti- American views and is an ideological supporter of the Afghan Taliban. That is what I have been warning about. People who hate America, who have sympathized with those who want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.102 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3961 June 16, 2016 
destroy America, have kids here, and we say that their kids are American citizens. We are creating time bombs within our own Nation. The older Mateen hosts a program on California-based satellite Afghan TV station called the Durand Jirga Show, and the primary audience being ethnic Pashtun Afghans living in the United States. According to CBS: ‘‘In his Facebook videos, the alleged gunman’s father has often appeared wearing a military uniform and declaring himself the leader of a ‘transitional revolu-tionary government’ of Afghanistan. He claims to have his own intelligence agency and close ties to the U.S. Con-gress—assets he says he will use to sub-vert Pakistani influence and take con-trol of Afghanistan.’’ The younger Mateen was previously married in 2009 to a woman who, ac-cording to FOX News, was born in Uz-bekistan, but the couple divorced in 2011. According to Omar Mateen’s ex- wife, he ‘‘was not a stable person. He beat me’’—which is okay under many Muslims’ interpretation of sharia law. My wife doesn’t agree with that, and, therefore, I do not either—‘‘he would just come home and start beating me up because the laundry wasn’t finished or something like that.’’ Mateen is currently married to Noor Salman and has a 3-year-old son. I was speaking tongue-in-cheek about my wife. Actually, my mother is de-ceased since 1991, but growing up with an older sister, it was made clear you don’t touch a girl. No matter if she hits you, you don’t hit her back. You come tell us. That is the way I have lived. But, you know, many around the world who believe sharia law is much superior to the U.S. Constitution think it is just fine to beat a woman. That is not legal in America, for those in doubt. Thank God. In addition to his views on women and African Americans, Mateen has also had a history of anger toward members of the LGBTQ community. According to Mateen’s father, his son was very angry about a recent incident involving two men kissing in public. Per Mateen’s father, as reported by The Washington Post: ‘‘We were in downtown Miami, Bayside, people were playing music. And he saw two men kissing each other in front of his wife and kid and he got very angry,’’ the fa-ther told NBC News. ‘‘They were kiss-ing each other and touching each other and he said, ‘Look at that. In front of my son they are doing that.’’’ I do recognize, apparently, according to reports, Mateen had visited the gay bar before. Apparently he had also vis-ited a Disney park, people believe in casing the place for potential attack. Whatever his reasons for going to the gay bar before, whether he had those tendencies and because of his Muslim radical Islamic teaching, he hated him-self for it, whatever the reason, we know that what he is taught is that no matter how bad the sins are that he has committed, if he can go out of this life killed while he is killing Chris-tians, Jews, non-Muslims, Muslims who have converted to something else, if he can go out, be killed while he is killing people like that, it doesn’t matter what sins he has committed in his life, under his radical Islamic beliefs, he goes to paradise. I believe with all my heart nobody in the universe was more shocked than Mateen after he went to the other side. It appears that Mateen first started walking down the path toward radicalization sometime after the end of his first marriage. Friends of the shooter describe how he became stead-ily more religious after his divorce and even went on a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia. b1500 As reported by multiple news outlets, Mateen has twice been investigated by the FBI. The first investigation in-volved comments he made which sug-gested he had an affinity for Islamic extremist groups. The second inves-tigation involved connections to a Florida man who traveled to Syria and became a suicide bomber for. Per the Washington Post, ‘‘Neither probe turned up evidence of wrong-doing. Mateen,’’ according to them, ‘‘had a blemish-free record.’’ That is ridiculous. As a result of these two FBI inves-tigations, Mateen was at one time placed on a terrorist watch list main-tained by the FBI. According to the LA Times, Mateen was removed from the list after the FBI’s two investigations were concluded. But, again, we have to remember, the FBI is not allowed to talk to people about jihad: What are your beliefs about Islamic jihad? Do you think it is a simple, peaceable conversion within your own heart and mind? Or do you believe jihad means it is okay to go out and kill people who disagree with rad-ical Islam or your view of Islam? If you can’t talk about someone’s be-liefs in Islam, you can’t get to whether or not they have been radicalized. So we have some incredibly talented and intelligent FBI and intelligence agents that are completely ignorant of what they need to know because this administration has made clear to them you don’t go there. If you have ever learned about jihad, Muslim, Islam, takfir, Muslim Brother-hood, Hamas, Hezbollah, al Qaeda, ca-liphate, if you have ever been taught about those things and what to recog-nize in a radical Islamist, then you bet-ter keep your mouth shout about them or you will lose your career, as one of the original Homeland Security em-ployees, dedicated patriot Philip Haney, learned when he was pointing out terrorists. So it makes it tough when you are in the FBI, in our intelligence, and you know the President will not call some-body a radical Islamist. And I know our President was belittling those of us who said it is important to recognize our enemy. The chairman of the Home-land Security Committee had said ear-lier today those very words. Those are very important words. He said we have to define our enemy to de-feat it. He said if this President won’t define it, this body will. Our bill that we passed today didn’t define it at all. It didn’t mention the words ‘‘radical Islam,’’ ‘‘jihad,’’ ‘‘Muslim Brother-hood,’’ ‘‘Hamas,’’ ‘‘Hezbollah,’’ ‘‘al Qaeda,’’ ‘‘international caliphate,’’ or those who were more devoted to sharia law than to our Constitution. So this is a little bit of a problem. This article from the Daily Mail has this as a summary: ‘‘Seddique Mateen is the father of mass shooter Omar Mateen, 29. Mateen Senior is an Afghan who hosts the Durand Jirga Show. This show is aired on YouTube channel’’—I am not even going to say. ‘‘He visited Congress, the State De-partment and met with political lead-ers during a trip to Washington, DC, in April. He also attended a hearing on Afghanistan security while in the cap-ital. Pictures from 2015 show him meet-ing’’ with some folks up here. ‘‘Police seen searching him home, located close to where his son lived.’’ Obviously, his father’s strong support or expressed support of the Taliban should have caused concerns. And I know the word ‘‘discrimination’’ has been overused, to the point that people who saw in Mateen the potential rad-ical Islamist mass shooter were cowed by political correctness, as was the company he worked for when they re-fused to deal with the complaints about his radical Islamic problems. Po-litical correctness killed 49 people. Should we ban political correctness because it closed the eyes of the FBI agents to seeing they had a radical Islamist they were talking to during their two investigations? Should we in-dict political correctness or ban it from America because the FBI, when they investigated and talked to the older Tsarnaev brother before he killed and maimed in the Boston bombing—should we ban political correctness because the FBI didn’t know what to ask? The FBI Director himself—at that time, Mueller. I had understood they had not gone to the mosque where Tsarnaev was attending after they got word he had been radicalized. I said: You didn’t even go to the mosque where they attended? He said: We did go to the mosque— and I didn’t hear it until it was re-played later—in our outreach program. That is right. In a previous hearing to that, he had explained: Look, the Muslim commu-nity is like every other religious com-munity in America. There is no dif-ference whatsoever. We have a wonder-ful outreach program with the Muslim community. It is going great. But it is just like every other community. He said it over and over. When it was my time to question, I said: Since it is just like every other community in America, Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.103 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3962 June 16, 2016 
Mueller, how is the outreach program of the FBI going with the Buddhists and the Jewish community and the Baptist community and the Hindu community? How are your outreach programs to those religious commu-nities? He had to back up and try to figure out something to say. And basically, it was: We have a combined outreach to all those other groups. We don’t have a specific outreach to all of those oth-ers—the Baptists, Christians, or Jews. They don’t have an outreach program like that because, to the FBI way of thinking, we have outreach to all reli-gious groups in America as a whole, and because of our concern about American safety, apparently—why else would they have it?—we have a specific outreach to the Muslim community. Well, isn’t that strange? If you only have an FBI and a government out-reach program to one religious group in America, then it is a little bit hard to honestly say that there is no dif-ference whatsoever in these religious communities, because if that had been truthful statements made to our com-mittee here on the Hill, there would not be a Muslim outreach program. I was, I have to say, very gratified that, after having evidence in the FBI’s possession for about at least 18 years, some of which was used in the Holy Land Foundation trial in which a ver-dict was obtained in November 2008, they had evidence to show that the Council on American-Islamic Relations was a coconspirator in supporting ter-rorism. So finally, in 2009, after years of their outreach program with CAIR as a com-munity partner, they finally had to send a letter to the Council on Amer-ican-Islamic Relations, or CAIR, and say: Well, because of some of the stuff that came out at the Holy Land Foun-dation trial, we are going to need to suspend our partnership. How many partnerships does the FBI have with the Jewish community or with the Hindu community or with the very peace-loving Sikh community? How many? We can’t find any. And I look forward to hearing from the ad-ministration if they have such wonder-ful outreach programs that they have started since the Director of the FBI testified before us. We continue to blind ourselves, as our intelligence officer told me, to our ability to see our enemy, and people in America are going to continue to die. Though I care deeply about some of our Democratic friends—they are won-derful people—they think the solution is stopping Americans from getting certain guns. Can’t you just agree, I had a reporter say yesterday, to ban assault weapons? I have been engaged in the legal profes-sion long enough in different capacities to know that, once you ban an assault weapon, you can ban every gun that ex-ists. It reminded me of when I was think-ing about going to law school, although my late mother and a doctor in Mount Pleasant kept telling me: L
OUIE, you are smart. You can really help people. You would be a great doctor. Don’t throw your life away and go to law school. You could really help people. You would be a great doctor. And my mother hoped I would. And if not that, at least I would be a college professor. My dad used to send me clippings— Dad is still alive and 90 years old this year—when I was expressing interest in going to law school. There was never a shortage of newspaper clippings about how rotten lawyers were. Headlines would be things like: There Are Too Many Lawyers in America; Lawyers Are Destroying America; quoting Shakespeare, First, We Kill All the Lawyers—all these types of articles. Normally, he would put a little note on it: Son, are you really sure about this? Well, I love and respect my father. And I finally wrote a letter back: I have done a lot of soul-searching, Dad, and I have come to the realization that the law is a tool, like a hammer. The law can be used constructively to build up or it can be used very destructively to destroy. It is all about the hand holding the hammer. A so-called assault weapon in the hands of an American military mem-ber, in the hands of law enforcement, or in the hands of someone whose home is being invaded by multiple burglars with guns is a good thing to have. If the principal at Sandy Hook had been running, as she so heroically did, at the gunman with any kind of gun in her hand—any kind of assault weapon, as some want to call some guns—there would have been people saved. So, once you say we are banning as-sault weapons, then you are on the road to banning all weapons. Every gun, every machete that has killed hundreds of thousands of Rwandans in 1994, I believe it was, in the wrong hands, is an assault weapon. Why can’t we focus on the hands that are holding the weapons? Why can’t we train our FBI and our intelligence com-munity to recognize hands that are going to use a machete, a gun? I know people report it was an AR–15 that the Orlando shooter used. It was not. It is an awfully small caliber, but whatever. Let’s train them to figure out which Americans are intent on committing treason, not by speculation, but by the things they have already said and done. And if we had not blinded them, San Bernardino could have been stopped, the Orlando shooting could have been stopped, the Boston Marathon bombing could have been stopped. I know Janet Napolitano took credit for the system working when the un-derwear bomber was stopped, but that was some heroic Americans. One intel-ligence person told me that, actually, the reason the bomb didn’t go off is be-cause his rear end had sweated too much and defused the fuse and it didn’t go off. b1515 Well, we can’t always count on a ter-rorist’s rear end sweating too much to save hundreds of American lives. We have to have an intelligence commu-nity and a law enforcement community that can recognize when enemies are within our gate, as this President con-tinues to bring them. It should disturb a lot of Americans, as this article from Alan Neuhauser points out, that the ‘‘Security Firm That Employed the Orlando Gunman Guards U.S. Nuclear Sites.’’ The article points out: ‘‘The security firm that employed the Orlando gun-man behind the worst mass-shooting in U.S. history says it’s guarded ’90 per-cent of the U.S. nuclear facilities’— raising concern that would-be terror-ists could easily gain inside access to the most sensitive sites on American soil and release untold devastation.’’ And it goes on to make some good points, but I don’t think we would worry about someone going into one of these nuclear facilities, getting nuclear material to make a nuclear weapon. That would probably not happen, but it is quite conceivable they could get nu-clear material and create a dirty bomb, a bomb with nuclear material in it and around it so that it is dispersed, caus-ing more death. This article from Stephen Dinan, from The Washington Times says: ‘‘American-born children of immi-grants proving fruitful recruiting ground for jihad in U.S.’’ Thank God, most of the children of immigrants that have come into the United States have helped and have made this country what was at one time the freest nation in the history of the world. We are not listed as the freest nation anymore, not near the top. This article from The Daily Caller says: ‘‘Co-worker: Orlando Terrorist’s Employer Ignored Unhinged Comments for Fear of Being Politically Incorrect. ‘‘Daniel Gilroy used to work at G4S Security and complained to the com-pany numerous times about Mateen’s derogatory comments regarding homo-sexuals and people of other races. He also talked about massacring people. ‘‘Gilroy said, G4S Security did abso-lutely nothing in response to the com-plaints for fear of being politically in-correct, as 29-year-old Mateen was an open Muslim, Florida Today reports.’’ Political correctness has now gotten so far afield, it is killing people. Let’s talk about banning political correct-ness that keeps our FBI and intel-ligence from being able to talk about radical Islam. According to Peter Hasson from The Daily Caller: ‘‘DHS Secretary: Right- Wingers Pose Same Threat As Islamic Extremists.’’ I mentioned earlier, people that— right-wing extremists that are mad at me are mad because we are not doing enough to stop radical Islamists from destroying our country, terrorizing our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.105 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3963 June 16, 2016 
country, terrorizing our freedoms, tell-ing us we can’t say what we believe be-cause we have lost our freedom of speech. We can’t practice our Christian beliefs as the Bible teaches, because it may offend someone. For heaven’s sake, let’s compare. These radical Islamists believe that the way to paradise and to complete forgiveness of Islamic sins, no matter how bad, is to be killing a bunch of non-Muslims. When your life is taken, you go straight to paradise. On the other hand, I know the Presi-dent loves to castigate Christians and say, hey, you know, Christians had the Crusades. Anybody that was out there saying, I kill you in the name of Christ, is not killing people legiti-mately in the name of Christ, because Jesus said, ‘‘Greater love hath no one than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ And, of course, he was talking about men and women. There is a pretty clear, distinct dif-ference between what radical Islamists believe as well as what Christians who truly believe the teachings of Christ, what they believe. Yet, Jeh Johnson, the Homeland Se-curity has released before: You have to watch those Evangelical Christians be-cause they believe what Jesus said, you know, that you want to share the Gos-pel with people so that they learn love and not hate. So these real Evangelical Christians, like my friend, T
RENT FRANKS from Ar-izona, wow, he is a hulking threat be-cause he believes that the two greatest commandments in the world are love God and love each other, and on those two laws hang all the law and the prophets. The Daily Caller also has an article about—and this is a member who is above the countering violent extre-mism advisory group. He is now ele-vated to the advisory council where Muslim Brother sympathizer, Elibiary, from Plano, Texas—he was until they finally had to let him go after he tweeted about the caliphate, the inter-national caliphate being inevitable. But this is who has replaced him. I am not sure how to pronounce it. It looks like Marayati, something like that. He ‘‘is the president of the Muslim Public Affairs Council. He currently serves on the Homeland Security Advisory Com-mittee’s Foreign Fighter Task Force as well as HSAC Subcommittee on Faith Based Security and Communications . . . In 2001, Al-Marayati suggested that Israel—not Islamic extremists— was ultimately behind the September 11 terrorist attacks . . . In 2013, Judi-cial Watch noted that Al-Marayati told attendees at a 2005 conference for the Islamic Society of North America’’— another named co-conspirator in the Holy Land Foundation supporting ter-rorism trial—‘‘that ‘Counter-terrorism and counter-violence should be defined by us’’’—talking about the Muslims that think Israel was behind 9/11. He said: ‘‘‘We should define how an effective counter-terrorism policy should be pursued in this country,’’ America. ‘‘So, number one, we reject any effort, notion, suggestion that Muslims should start spying on one an-other.’’’ Well, that is exactly what FBI Direc-tor Mueller said they were going to do. They had this wonderful outreach pro-gram so that Muslims will come and report other Muslims in advance, just like Mateen’s wife did; since she knew that he was about to go kill a whole bunch of Americans, she came forward and reported—oh, wait. No, she didn’t, did she? I guess the outreach program didn’t work so well there. Well, maybe before the Boston bomb-ing, maybe the outreach program worked there. Oh, that is right, they went to the mosque not about Tsarnaev being radicalized, as they had already been advised by the Russians, but just to have a meal and visit and talk. And, gee, the people at the mosque forgot to say: By the way, Tsarnaev is starting to demonstrate what we have seen every time some-body has been radicalized. And, oh, by the way, Director Mueller, you obvi-ously are not aware—as he was not when I asked him—but our mosque was started by Al Amoudi, who your FBI helped put in prison after they finally were tipped off by—from what I under-stand—British intelligence, that Al Amoudi, who helped pick Muslims to serve in the Clinton administration, in the military, and also to be chaplains in the prison where, by the way, we are now getting reports and have for some time, that inmates are being radicalized. Gee, imagine that. Al Amoudi doing 23 years for supporting terrorism, helped pick imams to serve in our pris-ons and in our government agencies, and in the military, and, gee, they are being radicalized. What a shock. Well, the article goes on: ‘‘Investor’s Business Daily took an editorial stand against the invite.’’ When the Obama administration in-vited Al-Marayati to a 3-day summit on fighting extremism in 2015, initially, the White House tried to conceal that from reporters, but it finally was made clear. So Investor’s Business Daily said: ‘‘Al-Marayati has a long record of de-fending terrorists and justifying vio-lence against non-Muslims—an easy one for the White House to vet for ex-tremism. ‘‘According to White House visitor records, Al-Marayati has visited the White House 11 times since 2009 . . . Kyle Shideler, the director of the Cen-ter for Security Policy’s Threat Infor-mation Office, told The Daily Caller that ‘Al-Maryati’s association with the HSAC underlines what an unfortunate farce the entire, Combating Violent Extremism, program is. Al-Maryati’s only notable counter-terrorism con-tribution is having suggested Israel be included as a suspect on 9/11. ‘‘‘His very organization,’’ the Muslim Public Affairs Council, or MPAC, ‘‘has historically cosponsored events in sup-port of the very kinds of extremists he’s been appointed to help oppose, which is no surprise, given that the or-ganization’s roots lay with men who literally studied at the foot of Muslim Brotherhood leader, Hassan Al-Banna’ . . . ‘As long as the Obama administra-tion is more concerned with keeping groups like Al-Marayati’s happy with them instead of investigating actual terrorism, we will never have a sane counter-terror policy.’ ‘‘The Daily Caller previously re-ported on Monday that a current sit-ting member on the HSAC Sub-committee on Countering Violent Ex-tremism, Laila Alawa, is a 25-year-old immigrant of Syrian heritage who said the 9/11 attacks ‘changed the world for good’ and has consistently disparaged America, free speech, and white people on social media.’’ And if you look at the things that that other adviser to Jeh Johnson tweeted, here is a tweet that Ms. Alawa sent out: ‘‘I can’t deal with people say-ing America is the best nation in the world. Be critical. Be conscious. Don’t be idiots.’’ Yeah, people like my friend, and like the Speaker, you know, we think America is the best place in the world. But according to Jeh Johnson’s ad-viser, we are idiots. She tweeted: ‘‘The US has never been a utopia unless you were a straight White male that owned land. Straight up period go home shut up.’’ Wow. She also said: ‘‘You can’t say something intolerant and not expect consequences. Not on my watch.’’ She said all kinds of hateful things about America, about Whites, about those who love this country. Great article in The Daily Caller. Did the FBI training purge cause agency to drop the ball on Orlando shooter? Clearly, it did. Well, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, every Republican I have heard speak on this issue, including those from Home-land Security, have acknowledged that the President and our intelligence need to start talking about jihad, Muslim, Islam, radical Muslim, radical Islam, Muslim Brotherhood. And they are not allowed to talk about it without risk-ing their career, and that is why I voted ‘‘no’’ on the bill today. b1530 These things have basically passed before. But all they talk about is coun-tering violent extremism, countering violent extremism; five ‘‘countering violent extremism’’ on page 3. But it basically tells the Secretary of Home-land Security to keep countering vio-lent extremism. It never mentions the term ‘‘radical Islam.’’ After the Orlando shooting, we have an obligation, when the administration won’t call it what it is, to start calling what it is. I think the bill really didn’t do what we needed done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.107 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3964 June 16, 2016 
SURVIVAL OF PREMATURE BABIES AS YOUNG AS 20 WEEKS POSTFERTILIZATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) for 30 minutes. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I am fortunate this evening to have some precious friends in the gallery, and I am grateful that they are here. Their commitment to protecting the innocent unborn and their commit-ment just to America in general gives me great encouragement. My friends are Josh Decker and Rudolph Margraff. I am grateful that they are here. Mr. Speaker, sometimes in the area in which we live, we can become very dispirited; but once in a while, a med-ical marvel comes along and revives us all. Recently, the Pediatrics Journal of the American Medical Association re-ported on the progress being made in saving the earliest babies born pre-maturely. In a study conducted over 5 years in Cologne, Germany, the authors re-viewed 106 cases of babies born from just under 22 weeks down to 20 weeks after fertilization. The authors found that with active prenatal and postnatal care, two-thirds of these extremely pre-mature babies survived until they were discharged from the hospital. Now, Mr. Speaker, these are much higher percentages than other recent studies have shown, and they dem-onstrate what active care, at what the authors call ‘‘the border of viability,’’ can accomplish. Mr. Speaker, I would just ask the Members of this body to consider and to absorb this encouraging and very en-lightening news. This issue is real, Mr. Speaker, and it was torn from the abstract in my home State of Arizona, recently, when a 21- week-old baby—that is, 21 weeks after fertilization—was born alive after sur-viving an abortion. This happened in a Phoenix abortion clinic. Unfortu-nately, the baby was not transferred to the hospital in time, and the baby died. Mr. Speaker, if the American people knew how often tragedies like this occur, they would be so desperately outraged. I would call upon the Demo-crats in the United States Senate to allow a vote on the Born-Alive Abor-tion Survivors Protection Act. That bill passed this body overwhelmingly months ago, and it protected these, the tiniest of our little brothers and sis-ters. Mr. Speaker, protecting born-alive children is supported by 80 to 90 per-cent of the American people, and if the United States Senate has become so dysfunctional that they can’t even pass a bill to give effective Federal protec-tion to innocent, born-alive children, then maybe it is time to board up the doors and windows of this place, go home, and hope the barbarians of this world will show more courage and mercy than we do. It is no wonder the American people are so fed up with the dysfunctional gridlock in the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, we are talking about protecting our born-alive little fellow human beings. The survival of these little babies is not a measure of their intrinsic and priceless value. It is a measure of our skill and will to help them live. I just hope that we can re-mind ourselves of our profound respon-sibility before God and to our oath of office to protect these, the tiniest of our little brothers and sisters. Mr. Speaker, I truly hope the United States Senate will pass the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. It deserves a vote. Democrats should allow it to come to the floor, and the Senate leadership should have the courage to put it on the floor for a fair up-or-down vote. If it gets a vote, it will pass. We have not lost our humanity com-pletely, but have we lost the courage to make sure that something like that gets a vote? There are a lot of little voices that we can’t hear that I think would ask that question if they could. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, re-ported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 812. An act to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 2137. An act to ensure Federal law en-forcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their fam-ilies, during a covered furlough. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 2276. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 3 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, June 20, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5718. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the Board’s report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress on the Profitability of Credit Card Operations of Depository Institutions’’, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1637 note; Public Law 100-583, Sec. 8; (102 Stat. 2969); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 5719. A letter from the Honors Attorney, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s interim final rule — Civil Penalty Inflation Adjustments [Docket No.: CFPB-2016-0028] (RIN: 3170-AA62) received June 15, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5720. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report entitled ‘‘FY 2014 Outcome Evaluations of Administration for Native Americans Projects Report to Congress’’, pursuant to Sec. 811(e) of the Native Amer-ican Programs Act of 1974; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5721. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, transmitting the Corporation’s interim final rule — Adjustment of Civil Penalties (RIN: 1212-AB33) received June 15, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5722. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Medicaid Incentives for Prevention of Chronic Diseases (MIPCD) Evaluation: Sec-ond Report to Congress’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1396a note; Public Law 111-148, Sec. 4108(d)(4); (124 Stat. 563); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5723. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Food Proc-essing Sector Study’’, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 350g(l)(5)(C); Public Law 111-353, Sec. 103(a); (124 Stat. 3894); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5724. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 146, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5725. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 144, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(d)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(d) (as added by Public Law 94-32 9, Sec. 211(a)); (90 Stat. 740); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5726. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 002, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(d)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(d) (as added by Public Law 94-32 9, Sec. 211(a)); (90 Stat. 740); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5727. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-412, ‘‘Homeless Shelter Replace-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5728. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-414, ‘‘Fiscal year 2017 Local Budget Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5729. A letter from the Regulatory Liaison, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s interim final rule — Civil Mone-tary Penalties Inflation Adjustment [Docket 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.109 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3965 June 16, 2016 
No.: ONRR-2016-0002; DS63644000 DR2PS0000.CH7000 167D0102R2] (RIN: 1012- AA17) received June 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5730. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final specifications — Pacific Island Fisheries; 2015-16 Annual Catch Limits and Account-ability Measures; Main Hawaiian Islands Deep 7 Bottomfish [Docket No.: 150715616- 6300-02] (RIN: 0648-XE062) received June 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5731. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pa-cific Coast Groundfish Fishery Management Plan; Trawl Rationalization Program; Flow Scale Requirements [Docket No.: 151005920- 6371-02] (RIN: 0648-BF39) received June 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5732. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; West Coast Salmon Fisheries; 2016 Management Measures and a Temporary Rule [Docket No.: 151117999-6370-01] (RIN: 0648-BF56) re-ceived June 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5733. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Group-er Fishery Off the Southern Atlantic States; Amendment 35 [Docket No.: 150303208-6394-02] (RIN: 0648-BE70) received June 15, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5734. A letter from the Acting Chief, Office of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms and Explosives, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Recordkeeping Regulations [Docket No.: ATF-2015R-26; AG Order No.: 3681-2016] (RIN: 1140-AA50) received June 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5735. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, DEA, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Redelegation of Functions; Delegation of Authority to Drug Enforcement Administration Official [Docket No.: DEA-441] received June 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 5736. A letter from the Administrator, Fed-eral Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Assistance Provided to Foreign Avia-tion Authorities for FY 2015’’, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 40113(e)(4); Public Law 103-272, Sec. 1(e) (as amended by Public Law 112-95, Sec. 207); (126 Stat. 39); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5737. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator, Office of Procurement, National Aer-onautics and Space Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — Cooperative Agreements with Commercial Firms [NFS Case 2015-N014] (RIN: 2700-AE25) received June 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 5738. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report entitled ‘‘2012 and 2014 Re-gional Partnership Grants to Increase the Well-Being of and to Improve the Perma-nency Outcomes for Children Affected by Substance Abuse: Third Annual Report to Congress’’, as required by the Child and Family Services Improvement Act (Public Law 112-34); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5739. A letter from the Deputy Under Sec-retary for Management and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s report enti-tled ‘‘Purchase and Usage of Weapons for 2014’’, pursuant to 6 U.S.C. 472(a)—(b); Public Law 114-4, Sec. 562(a)—(b); (129 Stat. 72); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 5740. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), Department of the Army, transmitting the Department’s re-port entitled ‘‘The 2015 Evaluation Report to the U.S. Congress on the Effectiveness of Coastal Wetlands Planning, Protection and Restoration Act Projects’’, pursuant to 16 U.S.C. 3952(a)(3); Public Law 101-646, Sec. 303); (104 Stat. 4779); jointly to the Commit-tees on Natural Resources and Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5741. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter and relevant docu-mentation concerning the implementation of commitments in the Joint Plan of Action, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and Counter- Proliferation Act of 2012, the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, and the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012; jointly to the Committees on For-eign Affairs, Financial Services, the Judici-ary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resolution 131. Resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforce-ment Torch Run (Rept. 114–625). Referred to the House Calendar. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 5160. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to in-clude as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other property interests ac-quired by the National Gallery of Art (Rept. 114–626). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5494. A bill to reform our government, reduce the grip of special interests, and re-turn our democracy to the American people through increased transparency and over-sight of our elections and government; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judici-ary, Oversight and Government Reform, Fi-nancial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 5495. A bill to require that certain in-formation relating to terrorism investiga-tions be included in the NICS database, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 5496. A bill to extend protections under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to part-time workers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administra-tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5497. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the public disclosure of charges for certain hospital and ambulatory surgical center treatment epi-sodes; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 5498. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to authorize new empower-ment zone designations for urban areas with high unemployment and high foreclosure rates, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. F
OXX, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. A US-
TINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B RADY  of Texas, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. C
OLE, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. F LORES , Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. B LUM, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. N UNES , Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. M
ESSER ): H.R. 5499. A bill to require the appropria-tion of funds to use a fee, fine, penalty, or proceeds from a settlement received by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JN7.000 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3966 June 16, 2016 
Federal agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Judiciary, the Budget, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B EYER , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L EE, Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. F ARR, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. F
ATTAH , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): H.R. 5500. A bill to protect taxpayers from liability associated with the reclamation of surface coal mining operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 5501. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the recruitment of physicians in the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5502. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide alternative identity verification procedures for individ-uals applying for Federal student assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5503. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to prohibit institutions of higher education from denying students ad-mission on the basis of immigration or natu-ralization status; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. E STY, and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 5504. A bill to require that certain in-formation relating to terrorism investiga-tions be included in the NICS database, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5505. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to require annual studies on ending the conservatorship of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): H.R. 5506. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a dem-onstration program to provide integrated care for Medicare beneficiaries with end- stage renal disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5507. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prohibit certain tax-payers from itemizing deductions for a tax-able year if the taxpayers fail to submit proof of clean drug tests with their tax re-turns; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5508. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to remove certain restrictions on advertising and pub-lic relations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self, Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. B
UCSHON , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana): H.R. 5509. A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indiana, as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House‘‘; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5510. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to establish new re-quirements relating to investigations, con-sent orders, and reporting requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself and Mr. C
ARNEY ): H.R. 5511. A bill to require the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation to implement regulations easing certain restrictions on non-profit community development financial institution banks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. R ANGEL ): H.R. 5512. A bill to amend the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs under the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 to add gen-der-responsive services to the list of author-ized grant purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D
OLD, and Mr. S MITH of Mis-souri): H.R. 5513. A bill to provide for Federal agency accountability and improve the effec-tiveness of major rules in accomplishing their regulatory objectives by requiring ret-rospective review and report, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 5514. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for in-creased flexibility in blood donor screening, while maintaining a safe blood donor pool, during times of national or local need; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. H
ANNA ): H.R. 5515. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require certain tax ex-empt organizations to certify that foreign funds will not be used to make any contribu-tion or expenditure in connection with any election in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Mr. COOPER , and Mr. I SRAEL ): H.R. 5516. A bill to establish a National Flood Research and Education Center to pro-vide research, data, and recommendations on physical science, social science, economic analysis, policy analysis, risk analysis, mon-itoring, predicting, and planning as they re-late to flooding and flood related issues; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. LUMMIS (for herself, Mr. M
ULVANEY , and Mr. S ALMON ): H.R. 5517. A bill to require States to dis-tribute funds for elementary and secondary education in the form of vouchers for eligible students, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. J
EFFRIES ): H.R. 5518. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to allow employees to take, as additional leave, parental involvement leave to participate in or attend their children’s and grandchildren’s educational and extra-curricular activities, and to clarify that leave may be taken for routine family med-ical needs and to assist elderly relatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administra-tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. J
EFFRIES ): H.R. 5519. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to permit leave to care for a do-mestic partner, parent-in-law, adult child, sibling, grandchild, or grandparent who has a serious health condition, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on House Administration, and Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 5520. A bill to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by con-veyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5521. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to authorize private parties to compel the Bureau to seek sanctions by filing civil actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 5522. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JN7.100 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3967 June 16, 2016 
that civil investigative demands be appealed to courts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): H.R. 5523. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Rev-enue Service from carrying out seizures re-lating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an il-legal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of an-other criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5524. A bill to repeal the Legal Serv-ices Corporation Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): H.R. 5525. A bill to prohibit universal serv-ice support of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the Lifeline program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Mrs. W
ALORSKI ): H.R. 5526. A bill to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire and retain physicians and other employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5527. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to require congressional review of rulemaking of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. K
LINE, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-ida, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. A LLEN ): H.J. Res. 95. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relat-ing to defining and delimiting the exemp-tions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer employ-ees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. BROWN of Florida (for herself, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. J
OLLY , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. D IN-GELL , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S
ALMON , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. D ENT, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
USH, Ms. L EE, Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. E
STY, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. V
ELA, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. E
DWARDS , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-gia, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. A
SHFORD , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. F
ARR, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. S IRES, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. K IND, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
AKANO , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H. Res. 789. A resolution condemning the horrific acts of terrorism and hatred in Or-lando, Florida, on June 12, 2016, and express-ing support and prayers for all those im-pacted by that tragedy; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , and Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona): H. Res. 790. A resolution expressing support for designation of July 2, 2016 as the ‘‘Na-tional Day of Personal Reflection and Re-pentance’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MOOLENAAR: H. Res. 791. A resolution supporting the recognition of 2016 as the ‘‘Year of Pulse Crops‘‘ and acknowledging the nutritional benefit and important contribution to soil health of pulse crops; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5494. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution and Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution, which gives Congress the power to make laws governing the time, place, and manner of Federal Elections. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5495. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5496. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5497. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 5498. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 5499. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Con-stitution gives Congress control of govern-ment spending. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5500. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5501. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’ By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5502. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5503. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5504. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5505. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Clause 8, Section 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JN7.100 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3968 June 16, 2016 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 5506. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5507. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sect. 8. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5508. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 5509. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The United States Constitution Article I, Section 8. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5510. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The attached language falls within Con-gress’ enumerated authority to legislate interstate commerce, found in Article I, Sec-tion 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. Fur-ther, Article I, Section 1, of the Constitution establishes that ‘‘[a]ll legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in . . . Con-gress. . . .’’ This provision stands for the proposition that Congress sets the scope of agencies’ authority to regulate and author-ized Congress to set the initial scope of the Federal Trade Commission’s authority. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 5511. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5512. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 5513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the US Constitution, including the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 5514. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 5515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause I of the Con-stitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. By Mrs. LUMMIS: H.R. 5517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5518. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 5520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shal have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Impots and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof . . . Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all neeful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and within the Indian Tribes’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). Additional authority derives from Article III, Section 1 (‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one su-preme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the su-preme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office.) Addi-tional authority also derives from Article III, Section 2, Clause 3 of the Constitution. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 5522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, providing, in relevant part, that ‘‘[t]he Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 5525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 5526. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5527. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes) By Ms. FOXX: H.J. Res. 95. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 249: Mr. B EYER . H.R. 335: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 343: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 424: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 448: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 608: Ms. L
EEand Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 711: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 764: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 815: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 842: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 918: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 923: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 969: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 997: Mr. A
BRAHAM and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 1006: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 1062: Mr. K
INGof Iowa and Mr. R EED. H.R. 1076: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1310: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 1342: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 1347: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 1391: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 1594: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 1603: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 1706: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 1904: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 1905: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 1966: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 2016: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 2143: Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2411: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 2612: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 2646: Mr. K
LINE and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 2680: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2699: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2732: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2737: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2739: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.038 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3969 June 16, 2016 
H.R. 2817: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2867: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 2903: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 2939: Ms. L
EEand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2963: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 3014: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3084: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3235: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3471: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3497: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3687: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3815: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3863: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 3870: Mr. H
ANNA . H.R. 3892: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 3926: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 3929: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R
IBBLE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. Y
ODER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M
CHENRY , Mrs. B LACK , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 4214: Ms. L
EE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4223: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 4237: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4247: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P
ALLONE , and Mr. S ALMON  H.R. 4262: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 4269: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4275: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4276: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 4381: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4389: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4479: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4488: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 4514: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . H.R. 4525: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4603: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 4695: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 4764: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4770: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 4792: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5008: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 5044: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 5067: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5082: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 5090: Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington. H.R. 5133: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 5143: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 5166: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 5177: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5180: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 5182: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. G
UTHRIE , and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 5210: Mr. PALMER and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 5230: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 5245: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 5258: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 5275: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 5292: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. M URPHY of Flor- ida, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. K APTUR , and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 5320: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 5369: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5386: Mr. K
INDand Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 5396: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 5424: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 5445: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5447: Mr. B
LUM, Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 5457: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5462: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 5470: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. L
EWIS. H.R. 5471: Mr. K
EATING and Ms. M CSALLY . H. Con. Res. 136: Mr. P
ALMER . H. Res. 289: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H. Res. 318: Mr. R
OSS. H. Res. 393: Mrs. B
USTOS . H. Res. 549: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. I
SRAEL , and Mrs. T ORRES . H. Res. 694: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ARNEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. V ELA, Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. L O-
RETTA SANCHEZ of California. H. Res. 703: Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 728: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 739: Mrs. W
AGNER . H. Res. 750: Mr. P
OMPEO and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H. Res. 769: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 777: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 782: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. L AMBORN . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 4, June 15, 2016, by Mr. AGUILAR on H.R. 2867, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Aguilar, Ms. Sewell of Ala-bama, Mr. Clyburn, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Ms. Fudge, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Ms. Adams, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. Lofgren, Ms. Hahn, Mrs. Dingell, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. Ted Lieu of Cali-fornia, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Butterfield, Mr. Carney, Mr. Lewis, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Ruppers-berger, Ms. Vela´zquez, Ms. Castor of Florida, Ms. Schakowsky, Ms. Brownley of California, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Ms. Edwards, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Tonko, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Matsui, Ms. Esty, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Beyer, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Engel, Ms. Pingree, Mr. Brady of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Keating, Mrs. Law-rence, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Meeks, Mr. DeSaulnier, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Cohen, Ms. Pelosi, Mr. Ellison, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Blumenauer, Mr. Lynch, Ms. Lee, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Grayson, Mr. Walz, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Gallego, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Ms. DeLauro, Ms. Titus, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Rangel, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Levin, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Lipinski, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Mr. Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mexico, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mrs. Davis of California, Ms. Linda T. Sa´nchez of Cali-fornia, Mr. Israel, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Lar-son of Connecticut, Mrs. Bustos, Ms. Kuster, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Heck of Washington, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Garamendi, Ms. Meng, Mr. Polis, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Sires, Mr. Clay, Mr. Honda, Mr. Loebsack, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Costa, Mr. Pallone, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Ms. Moore, Mr. Payne, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Pocan, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Becerra, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Takano, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Neal, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Foster, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Ashford, Ms. Loretta San-chez of California, Mr. Thompson of Cali-fornia, Mr. Welch, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Crowley, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Scott of Vir-ginia, Ms. Speier, Mr. Delaney, Ms. Roybal- Allard, Ms. Sinema, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Schrader, Mr. Bera, Ms. Tson-gas, Mr. Serrano, Mr. Cuellar, Mr. Himes, Mr. Peters, Mr. Vela, Mr. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Rush, Mr. Farr, Mr. Kind, and Mr. O’Rourke. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 3 by Mr. THOMPSON of California on H.R. 1076: Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Cooper, Ms. Fudge, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Ms. Graham, Mr. Costa, and Mr. Vela. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.018 H16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4257 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 2016 No. 96 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, You are from eternity past and future, the same yesterday, today, and forever. We are Your chil-dren seeking to understand the des-tinies You have choreographed for our lives. Lord, we stand weak and mortal, surrounded by the immensities of Your power and the unfolding of Your loving providence. Today use our lawmakers as servants for Your purposes. May they remember that life is a dress rehearsal for eter-nity and a time of training and testing. May their world be centered not in themselves but in You as they better comprehend the vanity of the temporal and the glory of the eternal. As many recover from burning the midnight oil, lift their minds beyond all time and space to You, the Author and Finisher of our faith. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Democratic leader is rec-ognized. 
f 
GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION Mr. REID. Mr. President, for 14 hours and 50 minutes, beginning late Wednes-day morning and ending early Thurs-day morning, the entire Nation watched as the junior Senator from Connecticut gave our Republican col-leagues a lesson in a number of things, not the least of which was courage. Senator MURPHY stood here for 14 hours. We talk a lot about filibusters in the Senate. They don’t happen very often. I have been in Congress for 34 years. I have probably been involved in two more filibusters than anyone else. We have talked about them and there are fake filibusters, but this one was real. I admire and appreciate the junior Senator from Connecticut very much. Four days after 49 innocent Americans were gunned down in cold blood, Sen-ator M
URPHY stood here on the Senate floor, as I have already indicated, for 14 hours, pleading with Republicans to join us in doing something to help stop our Nation’s scourge of gun violence— and it is a scourge. Thirty-eight other Democrats joined him on the floor, all of whom, without exception, echoed Senator M
URPHY ’s call to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and criminals. All 46 of us were united together, led by Senator M
URPHY in support of what he was doing. We all believe that he echoed the words that we wish to speak—to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and criminals. It was an in-spiring reminder to Americans that the Senate Democrats will not cave in to the National Rifle Association or Gun Owners of America. We will not cave in to them, and the people of this Nation responded to Senator M
URPHY ’s stand against gun violence in an over-whelming way. Throughout the course of Senator M
URPHY ’s filibuster, hundreds of our constituents came and watched from the Senate gallery. There were nearly 100 people still sitting in the gallery at 2:12 a.m. this morning as Senator M
UR-
PHY brought his filibuster to a close. Thousands and thousands and thou-sands of constituents called Senate of-fices demanding that Congress do something to address this gun violence. Senator MURPHY ’s filibuster took over social media. ‘‘Hold the floor’’ was the top-trending topic nationally and globally. Senator M
URPHY got the world’s attention and certainly Amer-ica’s attention, and I hope the atten-tion of the Senate Republicans. In the early morning hours, the Re-publican leader and I spoke. He indi-cated that he would commit to a vote on the Murphy-Booker-Feinstein legis-lation to expand background checks and the Feinstein measure to close the terror loophole, preventing terrorists from walking into a gun store and buy-ing all the firearms and explosives they want. Why the passion by Senator M
URPHY ? Why? Could it have been the deaths of these little babies by some madman walking into Sandy Hook Elementary School? Of course it was. He has indi-cated that he can’t get that out of his mind. He thinks about that every day— not 24 hours a day, but every day. Why was C
ORY BOOKER here every minute of the time with Senator M
UR-
PHY? He was here because he lives in an area where people are killed—several a week. He gave one of the most pas-sionate speeches on Tuesday in our caucus about holding a little boy who was shot in the head and died in his arms. Senator S
CHUMER , the third sponsor of this legislation, has been involved in gun issues since his early days in the House of Representatives. D
IANNE FEIN-
STEIN —doing something about guns has been on her portfolio since she was a member of the board of supervisors of San Francisco. She became mayor as a result of the mayor being murdered. D
IANNE FEINSTEIN led the charge a number of years ago to pass legislation on this floor when filibusters were not the way we did things around here, stopping every piece of legislation from going through. She persevered and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.000 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4258 June 16, 2016 
passed legislation to stop the easily ob-tainable assault weapons. Does anybody think these assault weapons are good for hunting or pro-tecting your family? This evil man that went into this nightclub in Or-lando, FL—I don’t personally know how many clips he had, but he had at least three 30-bullet clips. It took less than 3 seconds to shoot those victims. They were all gone in less than 3 sec-onds. If you are really not very good at it, it takes a couple of seconds to re-load. So to fire off 90 shells would take 10 or 15 seconds if that was what he wanted to do. D
IANNE FEINSTEIN was right many years ago, and she is still right today. These assault weapons are not for the American people’s entertainment, and they shouldn’t be, but the NRA and Gun Owners of America love to sell these guns. We are going to vote on the Murphy-Booker-Schumer legislation to expand background checks, and we are going to vote on the Feinstein measure to close up terrorist loopholes to pre-vent a terrorist from walking into a gun store and buying all of the fire-arms and explosives they want. These are commonsense safety measures that the American people overwhelmingly support. According to a December poll—De-cember, September, October, August, it doesn’t matter; it has been this way for years—almost 90 percent of Americans are in favor of expanding background checks. Ask anyone: Do we want a criminal or someone who has problems with their mental capacity to purchase a gun? Of course we don’t. That is what background checks are all about. More than 80 percent of Americans want to close the so-called terror loophole pre-venting suspected terrorists from pur-chasing firearms, and legislation by Senator F
EINSTEIN will cover just that. I am glad that there will be votes, and I appreciate that very much. I shouldn’t have to be appreciative about something that should just happen, but I am because around here we don’t get votes on a lot of stuff. I want to be very clear: It is not enough for Republicans to simply let us vote. Democrats can’t pass the gun safety legislation by ourselves. We are the minority party as a result of the elections 2 years ago. It will change, and there will be a new majority in the first part of next year, but for now we are in the minority in this Chamber and Republicans must join us in order for those measures to pass. That will not happen if the Republicans continue to take their orders—and I mean or-ders—from the National Rifle Associa-tion and Gun Owners of America. We need Americans to understand that we need Republicans to follow Senator M
URPHY ’s and Senator F EINSTEIN ’s lead and show courage in standing up to the gun lobby. In the aftermath of the worst shoot-ing in modern American history, our constituents elected us for help. They want to feel safe, and they want to be safe. We can help provide that safety by closing the terror loophole and ex-panding background checks today and do it immediately. I hope Republicans will do the right thing and work with us to protect Americans from this gun violence. We need gun safety, not more guns. We must take a stand in the Sen-ate and say enough is enough. f 
CELEBRATING JUNETEENTH Mr. REID. Mr. President, this Sun-day, June 19, is Juneteenth, a day we celebrate each year as a reminder that liberty and justice must reach all cor-ners of our great Nation. On June 19, 1865, nearly 2
1⁄2years after President Lincoln’s Emanci-pation Proclamation and more than 2 months after General Lee’s surrender at Appomattox, a number of slaves in Galveston, TX, learned that the insti-tution of slavery was no longer. There was no media, no press, no Internet, and no television at that time. As we celebrate Juneteenth, I hope we take a moment to reflect on what it represents, the celebration of liberty and freedom for all Americans. Sadly, 151 years later, we have much work to do to ensure that all citizens are treat-ed equally, no matter their race, reli-gion, national origin, or whom they love. We must ensure all of our citizens can assert their right to vote. Our Na-tion continues to struggle to make the ballot box more accessible for those who continue to be disfranchised in a number of areas, including ex-felons. They have done their time. Let them be a part of society. We want them to come back and be citizens and a part of the network of our great communities. Let them vote. Here in our Nation’s capital, Wash-ington, DC, more than 600,000 residents in the District of Columbia—that is how many live here—continue to face taxation without representation. I have been here a long time, and I have always supported Statehood for DC. Why not? As we celebrate Juneteenth this year, I hope that all Americans will look at the example Lincoln set when he sent troops to Galveston, TX, which is, no matter who you are or where you may be, this Nation is a land of liberty and justice for all. Let the record reflect, I understand protocol here, and I was told that Sen-ator M
CCONNELL may be a little bit late. So I was told to go forward. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of debate only until noon today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
FIGHTING TERRORISM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, over the past few months, terrorists in-spired or directed by ISIL have com-mitted mass murder in Brussels, in California, and in France. When ISIL issued a call for lone-wolf attacks against the West during Ramadan, its followers heard the call. This week, just outside Paris, more innocent lives were ended brutally by a terrorist who broadcasted news of the attack over the Internet. This week in Orlando, Americans were targeted deliberately and taken forever from their families by a ter-rorist ISIL has claimed is ‘‘one of the soldiers of the caliphate.’’ It is clear from his behavior that this was not a random act of violence. This was a calculated act of terror. As CIA Director John Brennan testi-fied this morning before the Senate Se-lect Committee on Intelligence: Is-lamic State militants are ‘‘training and attempting to deploy operatives for further attacks on the West.’’ He also called this terrorist attack an as-sault on the values of openness and tol-erance that define the United States as a nation. Well, of course, he is absolutely right. It throws into stark relief the troubling reality we now face. ISIL is not the JV team. ISIL is cer-tainly not ‘‘contained.’’ ISIL is the per-sonification of evil in the world, and it will continue to bring tragedy after tragedy to our own doorsteps until it is defeated. President Obama needs to finally lead a campaign to accomplish this ob-jective or, at the very least, prepare the military and intelligence commu-nity to help the next President do it if he won’t. This is his primary responsi-bility in the wake of this terrorist tragedy. Here is ours. Here is what we need to do. Our responsibility in the Senate is to make a choice: work on serious solu-tions to prevent terrorist attacks or use the Senate as a campaign studio— as a campaign studio. Yesterday, the FBI Director came to deliver a critical briefing on Orlando and explain what is needed to prevent similar terrorist at-tacks in the future. Senate Repub-licans attended and asked serious ques-tions. A rather significant group of Senate Democrats skipped it—skipped the briefing all together—for a cam-paign talkathon out here on the Senate floor, which also prevented us from going forward on the bill, offering amendments and votes. It is hard to think of a clearer con-trast between serious work for solu-tions on the one hand and endless par-tisan campaigning on the other. Doing what we can to fight terror be-yond our borders and to prevent at-tacks within our border were priorities of ours well before the terrorist attack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.001 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4259 June 16, 2016 
in Orlando, and they continue to be at the forefront of our efforts now. We just passed the annual National Defense Authorization Act. It will go a long way toward helping Americans confront global security challenges today and toward preparing the next Commander in Chief to take on the threats tomorrow. We are now working to pass an ap-propriations bill that will give the FBI and other law enforcement officials more of the resources needed to track down and defuse threats right here on American soil. As we consider that measure, we are continuing to explore additional tools that can help prevent devastating terrorist attacks, such as tools to help us permanently address the threat of lone-wolf terrorists and to help us connect the dots when it comes to terrorist communications. Now is the time for Democrats to fi-nally join with us in pursuing serious solutions that can actually make a real difference. As we said on Tuesday, there will be amendment votes on this bill. There will be amendment votes on this bill. Yesterday, we were prepared to begin that process but were unable to get amendments pending because of the ex-tended floor debate that went on until 2 o’clock this morning. We will try again today to move forward with amendments from both sides, and once there is an agreement to do so, we will update everybody. So, look, of course, no one wants ter-rorists to be able to buy guns. No one wants terrorists to be able to buy guns. So if Democrats are actually serious about getting a solution on that issue and not just making a political talking point, they will join with us to support Senator C
ORNYN ’s SHIELD Act. It will give the Justice Department the abil-ity to prevent known or suspected ter-rorists from purchasing firearms. It will protect the constitutional rights of all Americans. It will go a step fur-ther as well and actually allow terror-ists to be taken into custody if a judge finds probable cause. Now, that is a serious solution on this issue. Let’s remember, however, that this issue represents only a piece of a much bigger challenge. Director Brennan also told the Intelligence Committee today that ‘‘despite all of our progress against ISIL on the bat-tlefield and in the financial realm, our efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorist capability and global reach.’’ That is Brennan. If we want to prevent ISIL-inspired and directed attacks, we have to defeat ISIL in Iraq and in Syria. If we want to prevent ISIL-inspired and directed at-tacks, we have to defeat ISIL in Iraq and in Syria. Here is what that means. From the White House, it means we don’t need another lecture or another threat to veto the Defense bill. It means we need real leadership and a plan of action to defeat ISIL. From our colleagues here in the Sen-ate, it means we don’t need more cam-paign talkathons like we witnessed yesterday, preventing us from actually voting. It means we need serious solu-tions and hard work. After all, that is what our constituents sent us here to do. We may have gotten held back by a day, but now we are able to keep mov-ing forward to set up votes on both sides, just as we always expected. I yield the floor. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2578, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Shelby/Mikulski) amend-ment No. 4685, in the nature of a substitute. Shelby amendment No. 4686 (to amendment No. 4685), to make a technical correction. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, most mornings when the Senate is in ses-sion, the minority leader comes to the floor—Senator R
EID—and talks for a while, and he sometimes talks about things in the news. So I come today to the floor to talk about a headline in the news today—in the New York Times, of all places—with this head-line: ‘‘Obamacare Premiums Are Ris-ing, and Not by a Little.’’ ‘‘Obamacare Premiums Are Rising, and Not By a Little’’ is today’s New York Times headline. It is interesting that when I hear Senator R
EIDcome to the floor, so often he is coming to the floor to de-fend the Obama health care law. A cou-ple of weeks ago he came to the floor and he said that ObamaCare is ‘‘con-tinuing to work.’’ Those are his words. So today I find interesting the New York Times story with this headline: ‘‘Obamacare Premiums Are Rising, and Not By a Little.’’ It says: 
Even in urban areas where competition was expected to be brisk and the risk pool young and healthy— 
‘‘Expected’’ is the key word there— 
insurers appear to be struggling. In 14 major cities, insurers are asking for 2017 in-creases twice as big as 2016. 
Twice as big as last year—yet Sen-ator R
EID says ObamaCare is con-tinuing to work. The next day after he said that, he said that the Affordable Care Act is working. Well, I don’t know anyone who could be a Member of the Senate and could actually be going home to their home States on the weekends and listening to people who live in their home States who could believe that ObamaCare is working. Across the country, people are seeing how much more money they are ex-pected to pay for their health insur-ance premiums next year. I just read that story from today’s New York Times. Yesterday’s Washington Post said: Premiums for health plans sold through the federal insurance exchange— 
the one that Democrats came to the floor and said they loved and was going to work— 
could jump substantially next year— 
That was from the Washington Post yesterday— 
perhaps more than at any point since the Af-fordable Care Act marketplaces began in 2013. 
Does Senator R EIDread the news-papers? Does he talk to his constitu-ents? Otherwise, how can he be so ter-ribly confused about the impact of this health care law and the damage it has done to the American people? So far, 31 States and the District of Columbia have released information on what insurance companies plan to charge next year. The average Amer-ican is facing premiums that are 22 per-cent higher than this year. That is what is bringing about these headlines in the Washington Post and the New York Times. In Iowa, an insurance company says that it wants its customers in the ObamaCare exchange to pay as much as 43 percent more next year. One cus-tomer wrote in to the State insurance division and said: ‘‘You’re killing me.’’ Does Senator R
EIDunderstand the impact of this law? Another wrote in and said: ‘‘Who can afford this? It’s disastrous.’’ Does Senator R
EIDnote any of that? In North Carolina, the largest insur-ance company in the State said it plans to charge people an average of 19 per-cent more next year. In Pennsylvania, one company says it is going to charge people up to 48 percent more starting in January. In Arizona, people are facing pre-mium increases of 53 percent. That is the average increase in Arizona. So it is not surprising to see a head-line in the New York Times today—and I hope Senator R
EIDread the paper: ‘‘Obamacare Premiums Are Rising, and Not By a Little.’’ Well, whose fault is this? Who should people across the country blame when they see these outrageous price in-creases that affect them at home? Well, I believe they should blame Sen-ator R
EIDand every Democrat in Con-gress who voted for ObamaCare and all of the expensive requirements, regula-tions, and restrictions. So the question is, Is ObamaCare working? Let’s use President Obama’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.002 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4260 June 16, 2016 
standard, the one that he set for him-self. Well, he promised that if you liked your doctor, you could keep your doc-tor. Well, insurance plans have been trying to cut costs by doing what? By narrowing the network of doctors that patients can see. People are finding that they can’t keep their doctors. They have been losing their doctor be-cause the doctor is no longer covered by their insurance. Well, you say, this is from a guy who has practiced medicine for a long time. No, it is a whole weekend section in the Sunday Review of the New York Times: ‘‘Sorry, We Don’t Take Obamacare.’’ People who have ObamaCare, people who actually sup-ported the idea of ObamaCare cannot see a doctor, cannot go to a hospital because of this health care law. President Obama said if you liked your insurance, you could keep your insurance. Well, can you? Ninety-two thousand people in Colorado are losing their insurance plan because compa-nies are pulling out of the State. Twen-ty-two thousand people in Ohio are now scrambling to find new health in-surance because the co-op they were in went broke last month. The health care law actually created 23 different co-ops; 13 of them have gone out of business. Over the past couple of years, 745,000 Americans who were promised by Barack Obama that if they like their insurance they can keep it lost their insurance because their co-ops have closed down, just under the health care law. President Obama promised—it is his standard—that under his health care law, the average family would see their health care rates go down by $2,500 per year. Anyone who wants to know if ObamaCare is working should ask one simple question: Did your health insurance rates go down by $2,500? That is the standard the Demo-crats should be held to. Now we know that ObamaCare did take millions of people and put them into Medicaid, which is a failed system, a broken system. Many refer to it as a second-class citizen. It is hard to see a doctor, hard to get care. It took other people and gave them big taxpayer sub-sidies, paid for by the American tax-payers, to help them afford the high premiums—the subsidies helped them afford the high premiums for this over-priced ObamaCare insurance, but those people will tell you that it left them with deductibles and copays so high that they can’t actually use the insur-ance. For millions of other Americans, there are no subsidies—just enormous bills. The President says: Don’t worry, you are going to get a subsidy. But let’s take a look at how many people will get subsidies and how many will get none who happen to be buying insur-ance through the exchanges. According to the Congressional Budget Office— the people who look into this—there are 12 million Americans who get some sort of subsidy to buy ObamaCare in-surance. The premiums go up, the sub-sidies go up, but that is a bill that hits the taxpayers, the hard-working men and women in the country who pay their taxes year in and year out. So that is 12 million, but there are another 12 million—an equal number of people—who have to buy this insurance without any of the subsidies at all. So when the President takes a look and talks about these 12 million, that is a significant hit to the American tax-payers and it turns a blind eye to the 12 million Americans who buy insurance without any of the subsidies. They are left to pay the full freight for these enormous premium increases we are looking at next year. There was an Associated Press story on Monday. I read the story in today’s paper, the story in yesterday’s paper, the Associated Press headline on Mon-day—‘‘Rising premiums rattle con-sumers paying their own way.’’ Are Senator R
EIDand the Democrats rat-tled by it? They should be because the American public is rattled by it. This tells the story of a woman from Queens, NY. We have two Democratic Senators in this body who voted for this health care law. This is one of their constituents from Queens, NY. She got a notice from her insurance company that they plan to raise her rates by as much as 25 percent next year. On top of this, her plan dropped the hospital network she wants. Well, President Obama promised that she could keep her insurance, she could keep her doctor, and she could keep her hospital. It doesn’t apply to this woman in Queens. She says: ‘‘For peo-ple like me who are in the middle, there is very limited choice, and now that limited choice is going to get more expensive.’’ How do the Senators from New York respond to that? Why aren’t they on the floor talking about it? For most Americans, the Democrats’ health care law has meant higher prices, worse health care, and less free-dom to choose what is right for them and their families. That is why the polls show that, on average, only 4 out of 10 Americans have a favorable view of the health care law at all, and it is because the premiums keep going up and up without end and are hitting them in the pocket. It is because peo-ple are also paying higher deductibles and higher copayments just to see a doctor. The Kaiser Family Foundation did a survey, and they asked about these deductibles and copays. What they said was that for people who have deductibles over $1,500—even those peo-ple who are getting the subsidies for ObamaCare, which the President says is so great—70 percent of them with deductibles over $1,500 ranked ObamaCare as a poor value. This is a $1,500 deductible. The aver-age silver plan in the ObamaCare ex-changes has a deductible of more than $3,000. Insurance plans for next year are starting to come with deductibles of $7,000. How can the President say this is valuable? The people who are getting it—even with his expensive subsidies paid for by taxpayers—are saying this is giving them very little value and is a poor value. That is why this law is so unpopular. That is why ObamaCare continues to be underwater in terms of those who support it and those who oppose it. The average de-ductible for a silver plan this year is $600 higher than it was just 2 years ago. That is why, when we see these head-lines in the New York Times today and the Washington Post yesterday, we re-alize that people all across the country are being hurt by this Obama health care law. One out of four Americans say they have been personally hurt by the health care law—not that they know somebody who has been hurt but that they have personally been hurt by the health care law. Even for people who are getting the subsidies for their premiums, the deductibles and the copays have been rising very fast. People never get to the point of being able to use their in-surance. I mean, that is the real prob-lem with the way this was set up. They have coverage; they still can’t afford care. It is interesting to listen to the President’s speech. If you listen to him carefully, he doesn’t actually use the word ‘‘care,’’ he uses the word ‘‘cov-erage.’’ If you can’t get care, coverage is useless, but that is what the Presi-dent’s numbers are. He talks about coverage, refusing to talk about care. This is about health care. People want care, not empty coverage. But in the face of all this evidence, the Democratic leader, H
ARRY REID, has stood here on the floor of the Sen-ate and pretended in front of the Amer-ican people that ObamaCare is work-ing. He has repeatedly ignored every broken promise that every Democratic Member in Congress made about the health care law. He has come to the floor and repeatedly ignored every American who has lost their insurance. He repeatedly comes to the floor and ignores every American who has had to pay outrageous amounts of money for insurance that for many of them is un-usable but is mandated by President Obama and the Democrats that they have to buy under penalty of law. None of that seems to matter to the Demo-cratic leader, who personally super-vised the writing of the health care law in his office behind closed doors. It is a terribly flawed law, but behind the closed doors of his office, it was writ-ten and passed on a party-line vote. Well, the American people have spo-ken, and they have given Senator R
EID’s efforts and the ObamaCare health care law a failing grade. Even those with the subsidies say it is a poor value today. Americans all across the country are hurting because of ObamaCare, and Senator R
EID and President Obama bear the responsi-bility. How much more do the Amer-ican people have to suffer before the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.003 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4261 June 16, 2016 
Washington Democrats will accept the facts? People want the care they need from a doctor they choose at a lower cost. Republicans have offered ways to give people what they have been asking for all along. It is time for Democrats to work with us. It is time for Demo-crats to stop trying to deliberately de-ceive the American people by pre-tending this broken health care law is working—pretending. That is what this is all about because it is not working. ObamaCare remains very unpopular be-cause people realize that for them per-sonally, it is a very bad deal. Repub-licans have better ideas, better solu-tions. Republicans are offering the American people the freedom, the flexi-bility, and the choice they want when it comes to their health care. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WORKING TOGETHER TO PROTECT OUR  
COMMUNITIES  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, as my colleagues know, I come to the floor each week to deliver a ‘‘waste of the week’’ speech. My concern over exces-sive government spending and spending on nonessential programs in wasteful ways needs to be shared with the American people, and my colleagues need to know that a lot of hard-earned tax dollars are wasted through waste, fraud, and abuse. Some of these have been very serious, resulting in literally billions of dollars of waste. Some have been smaller ex-penditures but ludicrous expenditures, the kinds of expenditures where people say why in the world does the Federal Government have to do that? Or why— where’s the common sense here? The American people work very hard to earn the dollars they send to Wash-ington. A lot of them are scraping by to pay the mortgage that’s due at the end of the month, to pay the rent that is due at the end of the week, to get the gro-ceries in the house or the savings to put in the savings account for an edu-cation; any number of ways the Amer-ican people today, as the statistics are showing us today, have less spending money. The average American worker today has up to $3,000-plus less per year in earnings than they did at the begin-ning of this administration. I don’t know how the President keeps going on the airwaves saying things are just great and look how much bet-ter we are doing when people are earn-ing on an average $3,000 less than they earned 8 years after the President first took office. However, walking over to the floor to deliver this—and this one is one of those speeches—you can’t make this up. It’s so ridiculous. Can you believe that really an agency that is held in high regard, the National Science Foundation, actually is issuing grants of taxpayer money for these kinds of projects? Normally it would bring a lot of laughs and a lot of outrage over this waste of money. I couldn’t help but think of what is plaguing most Americans this week, after the tragic shooting in Orlando, Sandy Hook, San Bernardino, and all of the other breaking news and tragedies we have been hit with as Americans. I am having trouble with it, as all Amer-icans are having trouble with it. We are trying to fight toward a solution. I am not sure what that solution is. It is not a simplistic solution. Clearly, in a democracy as free and as open as America, whether it is ISIL-inspired or terrorist-inspired or whether it is just someone mentally ill, someone whose hatred drives their life, or someone sit-ting in their basement at 2 a.m. Being inspired by ISIS web sites or just sim-ply some of the stuff that comes across the internet, we are facing a tough sit-uation here. But this week seems to be importantly difficult, and we are searching for ways—and the last thing we need to do is to politicize this issue. We have to address issues to make sure we have done everything we pos-sibly can to prevent the wrong people, to prevent terrorists, from purchasing and owning weapons of mass destruc-tion or that can cause the kind of issues we are dealing with in Orlando and other places. There is not a Mem-ber of this body, Republican or Demo-cratic, who has not been impacted by what is happening not just in Orlando but by a series of events similar to this. There is not a Senator here—Re-publican or Democratic, liberal or con-servative—who doesn’t want to find a way to address the situation in a way that would reduce the incidence or hopefully eliminate the incidence of these issues. We are working through that now, and working through that is difficult because we do want Americans to have the ability and the rights that are promised to them under the Constitu-tion and the Second Amendment, which is to protect themselves. We want to make sure their constitutional rights aren’t breached for their own self-defense. What do we say to a woman living alone in a neighborhood where there is a lot of drug dealing going on and a lot of random shootings and a lot of home invasions that she can’t protect her-self? We don’t want to do that. We don’t want to say to someone who owns a business and wants to ensure that the business is not broken into and they lose everything they have invested and who hires a security guard or someone to provide protection, that we are going to take away that right. By the same token, we don’t want these kinds of weapons used in these mass killings to be in the hands of the wrong people. So we are trying to find that balance. The best way to do that is for all of us to work together to find that bal-ance, instead of blaming one side or the other side for not doing enough or for doing too little. This is not an easy issue to resolve. It just doesn’t seem appropriate for me to come to the floor and talk about the waste of the week because that in-volves something people normally would laugh at. This is not a week to laugh. This is a week to mourn. This is a week to work together to find a sen-sible way of trying to prevent these kinds of things from happening, and we are working through that. So next week I will come down and do two waste-of-the-week issues because this waste keeps going on, and it is an issue we all need to be aware of because the people we represent are forced, through the tax system, to send money to Washington, and they want it reason-ably spent and reasonably used for nec-essary purposes. With that, let’s keep our focus and our eyes on the task at hand in respect and in mourning for what has happened in Orlando and what has been hap-pening across our country far, far, far too often. Let’s work together to find a reasonable solution that can take us in the right direction toward preventing these things from happening. Not one of us—not one of us—wants to have a process which puts these weapons in the hands of terrorists or those who mean to do us harm. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. President, it appears there is an absence of Members here, so I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SHIELD ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, the past few days, we have been contemplating the horrific shooting in Orlando and asking ourselves how this could happen and, of course, grieving and praying and thinking about the people who lost their lives and their families and those who were injured. As the Presiding Officer knows, yes-terday we had the opportunity to get briefed by the FBI Director and the Secretary of Homeland Security. What we learned is that there is still a lot left to learn and that the investigation is ongoing. But clearly this was not a random act of violence. This is not about somebody going to purchase a gun at a store and then going out and deciding indiscriminately to kill the first person they meet, but then again, neither was the shooting in San Bernardino a random act of violence or the attempted shooting in Garland, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.004 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4262 June 16, 2016 
TX, which was thwarted by a security guard. These were calculated acts of terror and a reminder—a reminder of the threats to our homeland from ISIS, not just in the Middle East but right here at home by people who have never traveled to the Middle East but who communicate through social media and online and become radicalized by this ideology of hate, one that results in terrible tragedies such as the one we saw in Orlando. Sadly, our friends on the other side of the aisle have seen this as an oppor-tunity to make this a political debate about gun control, and they simply are refusing to acknowledge the threat we face from radical Islam. Rather than trying to solve the problem, they are trying to drive a wedge between the American people and come up with something that basically does nothing. I think one thing that makes people crazy about Washington, DC, is when people stand up and claim to under-stand the problem and yet offer solu-tions that don’t solve the problem but, rather, fit some sort of talking points or ideological agenda. It is clear that what we heard yesterday from our friends across the aisle has nothing to do with defeating ISIS or the threat of international terrorism or the radicalization of Americans in their homes. So today I am filing an amendment that I believe will offer a solution. I be-lieve that if it had been enacted before-hand, it may have provided the law en-forcement agencies, such as the FBI, the tools they need in order to identify somebody like the Orlando shooter be-forehand and to take them off the streets. This amendment is called the SHIELD Act. It would not only stop terrorists from getting guns, but it would take them off the streets, and it would do so in a way that is consistent with our Constitution. I want to make this clear so there is no doubt at all. Every single Senator wants to deny terrorists access to the guns they use to harm innocent civil-ians. But there is a right way to do things and a wrong way. My friends on the other side of the aisle have put forward a measure that was voted on last December, sponsored by Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , the Senator from California. The bottom line is that pro-posal doesn’t protect our constitu-tional rights, and it doesn’t go far enough to make our country safer. Under Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s proposal, after being denied a gun for being on some classified list created by the gov-ernment—lists that are often riddled with errors and include law-abiding citizens—the individual can go home, search the Internet for how to build a homemade bomb or go to the hardware store to buy everything they need to carry out some other sort of terrorist attack, and they are free to walk the streets and to plot that attack. As I mentioned, my legislation actu-ally does what we need to do to give law enforcement, first, the notice that this individual is trying to buy a weap-on but then an opportunity to take them off the streets and deny them ac-cess to a firearm. Their legislation does nothing to protect the due process rights of American citizens under the Bill of Rights and under our Constitu-tion. Many of us remember that a few years ago, the late Teddy Kennedy cited his own frustration with showing up on a list that was created by the government in secret, only to find out that he, a United States Senator, was on a no-fly list. Back in 2004, he was put on the list and he was denied an airplane ticket. If Teddy Kennedy from the Kennedy family—one of the most powerful political families in America in our whole history—was denied an opportunity to get on an airplane be-cause he was erroneously put on a no- fly list, you can imagine the problems the rest of us would have. Senator Kennedy said at the time: Now, if they had that kind of difficulty for a member of Congress . . . how in the world are average Americans who are going to get caught up in this kind of thing, how are they going to be able to get treated fairly and not have their rights abused? 
That is a pretty good question. It highlights my greater point that we have to be very careful. We need a ro-bust response to protect American citi-zens but one that doesn’t infringe on constitutional rights. If Senator Kennedy was placed on a watch list and had trouble getting his name removed, do we have any con-fidence that average Americans like the rest of us will not have their con-stitutional rights stripped, with no legal process to remedy it? In the United States of America, where I was born and grew up, we sim-ply cannot deny somebody a constitu-tional right without due process of law and making the government come for-ward and presenting evidence to a judge so that a determination can be made not by the government but by an impartial third party. The proposal I am filing today will help fight terrorism at home and en-sure that due process is protected. It is called the SHIELD Act. It would create a process for our law enforcement offi-cials to actually investigate and look at the evidence. But it wouldn’t just stop terrorists from buying guns; it would go further—certainly further than the Democrats’ amendment—by helping law enforcement take them off the streets. Under my proposal, if someone who is known or suspected of being a terrorist tries to buy a gun, they will be blocked from doing so while the authorities carry out an in-vestigation, followed by an expedited hearing where a judge can block the sale permanently if adequate evidence is produced. And importantly, if the judge determines there is probable cause to block the sale, they can do more than just block the sale; they can take the terrorist into custody. If we believe someone is dangerous enough to not be able to buy a gun, shouldn’t we do our best to take them off the streets so they don’t pose a danger to our communities? We also learned from Director Comey yesterday that there are additional tools the FBI does not currently have that we ought to make sure it has, things to make sure that they can use, for example, national security letters to collect not only financial informa-tion in counterterrorism cases, which they currently can, but also to make sure that Internet providers can pro-vide IP addresses and email addresses— not content. Not the content. That would require a court order and a showing of probable cause. But the fact is, if we are going to have the FBI and our law enforcement officials connect the dots, we are going to have to make sure they have the tools to collect the dots. That is what we need to be focus-ing on, not pursuing some opportun-istic political agenda that will not solve any problems at all. I believe my amendment could have had an impact on the Orlando shooting because, as we all have learned, while the shooter in Orlando was not on a watch list at the time he bought the weapons he used in the shooting, he had been on a watch list and he had been investigated by the FBI. Unfortu-nately, they didn’t come up with suffi-cient evidence with which to detain him at the time. Under my amendment, when some-body who was previously under inves-tigation for suspicion of terrorism within the last 5 years—like the Or-lando attacker—goes to buy the gun, the FBI and the State and local law en-forcement authorities will be imme-diately notified, and they can then es-calate their investigation. They can go to a judge and say: Judge, we need a wiretap so we can listen to—based on a showing of probable cause under the Fourth Amendment—we can listen to the conversations to see if they are calling people and engaging in another plot with coconspirators. In this way, I believe the SHIELD Act could have prevented the tragedy that occurred over the weekend in Or-lando because this shooter was on a watch list within the previous 5 years, and if the FBI had been notified, which they would have been if he were on a watch list, then they could have esca-lated the investigation further and per-haps have discovered enough evidence to take him off the streets. This is a similar proposal to the one I offered back in December that gar-nered bipartisan support and received more votes than my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. As a matter of fact, we had 55 votes with a bipartisan majority on my amendment last De-cember. This new amendment is a small tweak in modification, but it is a straightforward plan that reflects input from all sides, and it will stop terrorists from buying guns and will provide a means to get them off the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.007 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4263 June 16, 2016 
streets but doing so in a way that en-sures American citizens’ constitutional rights will be respected. I think this just makes sense. I think it is pretty reasonable, and it is a good starting point if we are trying to ad-dress the real threat of Islamic extre-mism rearing its ugly head here at home, but as I mentioned, we must do more than equip our law enforcement officials with the tools they need in order to collect evidence and hopefully prevent these attacks from occurring in the future. So going forward, I hope we will come up with an agreement that any response to domestic terrorism must include providing the FBI and other law enforcement the resources and au-thorities to track down terrorists and take them off the streets. 
FORT HOOD TRAGEDY  
Mr. President, 2 weeks ago, about a dozen soldiers were in an Army tactical vehicle in Fort Hood, TX, as part of a larger training exercise when they were swept off the road. Nine of them lost their lives by drowning. This was in the aftermath of heavy rain and flooding throughout Texas, and their vehicle overturned as they tried to cross a flooded creek. As I said, out of the 12 people swept out of the tactical vehicle, 9 of them drowned, but thankfully 3 survived. The nine who died came from all over America—California, New York, New Jersey, Florida, Indiana, and Texas. They were also at various stages of their honorable careers of serving our country and the U.S. Army. Today, at the Spirit of Fort Hood Chapel, the Fort Hood community is gathering to remember each of them, their families, to offer prayers for their friends and family left behind, and to consider how we can honor their legacy going forward. I, of course, send my prayers and deepest condolences to those who have lost loved ones. I can’t imagine their pain, but I share in their grief. Fort Hood is a resilient place. Over the years, it has experienced a number of tragedies, including the shooting by MAJ Nidal Husan, just to name an-other one. They have experienced trag-edy before, and I hate that they have to do so again, but I know, without a doubt, that the community there that is nicknamed ‘‘the great place’’ is strong, and I hope and pray the service today is a time of hopeful remem-brance for those who committed their lives to protect and defend our free-doms. I thank them for their service, and I stand ready to support the Fort Hood community in any way I can while they continue to grieve the loss of these nine heroes. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate Resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 495, S. Res. 496, S. Res. 497, and S. Res. 498. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
UNITED STATES SEMIQUINCEN-TENNIAL COMMISSION ACT OF 2016 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 2815 and the Senate proceed to its consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2815) to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2815) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2815 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that July 4, 2026, the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States, as marked by the Declara-tion of Independence in 1776, and the historic events preceding that anniversary— (1) are of major significance in the develop-ment of the national heritage of the United States of individual liberty, representative government, and the attainment of equal and inalienable rights; and (2) have had a profound influence through-out the world. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to establish a Commission to provide for the ob-servance and commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States and related events through local, State, national, and international activities planned, encouraged, developed, and coordi-nated by a national commission representa-tive of appropriate public and private au-thorities and organizations. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the United States Semiquincentennial Commission established by section 4(a). (2) PRIVATE CITIZEN .—The term ‘‘private citizen’’ means an individual who is not an officer or employee of— (A) the Federal Government; or (B) a State or local government. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established a commission, to be known as the ‘‘United States Semiquincentennial Commission’’, to plan, encourage, develop, and coordinate the commemoration of the history of the United States leading up to the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States. (b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of the following members: (1) 4 members of the Senate, of whom— (A) 2 shall be appointed by the majority leader of the Senate; and (B) 2 shall be appointed by the minority leader of the Senate. (2) 4 members of the House of Representa-tives, of whom— (A) 2 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; and (B) 2 shall be appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (3) 16 members who are private citizens, of whom— (A) 4 shall be appointed by the majority leader of the Senate; (B) 4 shall be appointed by the minority leader of the Senate; (C) 4 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; (D) 4 shall be appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives; and (E) 1 of whom shall be designated by the President as the Chairperson. (4) The following nonvoting ex officio members: (A) The Secretary. (B) The Secretary of State. (C) The Attorney General. (D) The Secretary of Defense. (E) The Secretary of Education. (F) The Librarian of Congress. (G) The Secretary of the Smithsonian In-stitution. (H) The Archivist of the United States. (I) The presiding officer of the Federal Council on the Arts and the Humanities. (c) T
ERM; VACANCIES .— (1) T
ERM.—A member shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (2) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Commis-sion— (A) shall not affect the powers of the Com-mission; and (B) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made. (d) M
EETINGS .—All meetings of the Com-mission shall be convened at Independence Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to honor the historical significance of the building as the site of deliberations and adoption of both the United States Declaration of Independ-ence and the Constitution. (e) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. 
SEC. 5. DUTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall— (1) prepare an overall program for com-memorating the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States and the his-toric events preceding that anniversary; and (2) plan, encourage, develop, and coordi-nate observances and activities commemo-rating the historic events that preceded, and are associated with, the United States Semiquincentennial. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.008 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4264 June 16, 2016 
(b) R EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In preparing plans and an overall program, the Commission— (A) shall give due consideration to any re-lated plans and programs developed by State, local, and private groups; and (B) may designate special committees with representatives from groups described in subparagraph (A) to plan, develop, and co-ordinate specific activities. (2) E
MPHASIS .—The Commission shall— (A) emphasize the planning of events in lo-cations of historical significance to the United States, especially in those locations that witnessed the assertion of American lib-erty, such as— (i) the 13 colonies; and (ii) leading cities, including Boston, Charleston, New York City, and Philadel-phia; and (B) give special emphasis to— (i) the role of persons and locations with significant impact on the history of the United States during the 250-year period be-ginning on the date of execution of the Dec-laration of Independence; and (ii) the ideas associated with that history, which have been so important in the develop-ment of the United States, in world affairs, and in the quest for freedom of all mankind. (3) I
NFRASTRUCTURE .—The Commission shall— (A) evaluate existing infrastructure; (B) include in the report required under subsection (c) recommendations for what in-frastructure should be in place for the suc-cessful undertaking of an appropriate cele-bration in accordance with this Act; and (C) coordinate with State and local bodies to make necessary infrastructure improve-ments. (c) R
EPORT SUBMITTED TO THE PRESIDENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the President a comprehensive report that includes the spe-cific recommendations of the Commission for the commemoration of the 250th anniver-sary and related events. (2) R
ECOMMENDED ACTIVITIES .—The report may include recommended activities such as— (A) the production, publication, and dis-tribution of books, pamphlets, films, and other educational materials focusing on the history, culture, and political thought of the period of the American Revolution; (B) bibliographical and documentary projects and publications; (C) conferences, convocations, lectures, seminars, and other programs, especially those located in the 13 colonies, including the major cities and buildings of national historical significance of the 13 colonies; (D) the development of libraries, museums, historic sites, and exhibits, including mobile exhibits; (E) ceremonies and celebrations commemo-rating specific events, such as— (i) the signing of the Declaration of Inde-pendence; (ii) programs and activities focusing on the national and international significance of the United States Semiquincentennial; and (iii) the implications of the Semiquincentennial for present and future generations; (F) encouraging Federal agencies to inte-grate the celebration of the Semiquincentennial into the regular activi-ties and execution of the purpose of the agencies through such activities as the issuance of coins, medals, certificates of rec-ognition, stamps, and the naming of vessels. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The report shall in-clude— (A) the recommendations of the Commis-sion for the allocation of financial and ad-ministrative responsibility among the public and private authorities and organizations recommended for participation by the Com-mission; and (B) proposals for such legislative enact-ments and administrative actions as the Commission considers necessary to carry out the recommendations. (d) REPORT SUBMITTED TO CONGRESS .—The President shall submit to Congress a report that contains— (1) the complete report of the Commission; and (2) such comments and recommendations for legislation and such a description of ad-ministrative actions taken by the President as the President considers appropriate. (e) P
OINT OF CONTACT .—The Commission, acting through the secretariat of the Com-mission described in section 9(b), shall serve as the point of contact of the Federal Gov-ernment for all State, local, international, and private sector initiatives regarding the Semiquincentennial of the founding of the United States, with the purpose of coordi-nating and facilitating all fitting and proper activities honoring the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States. 
SEC. 6. COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out this Act, the Commission shall consult and cooperate with, and seek advice and assistance from, appropriate Federal agencies, State and local public bodies, learned societies, and historical, patriotic, philanthropic, civic, professional, and related organizations. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF OTHER FEDERAL  A
GENCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Federal agencies shall co-operate with the Commission in planning, encouraging, developing, and coordinating appropriate commemorative activities. (2) D
EPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall un-dertake a study of appropriate actions that might be taken to further preserve and de-velop historic sites and battlefields, at such time and in such manner as will ensure that fitting observances and exhibits may be held at appropriate sites and battlefields during the 250th anniversary celebration. (B) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the Commission a report that contains the results of the study and the rec-ommendations of the Secretary, in time to afford the Commission an opportunity— (i) to review the study; and (ii) to incorporate in the report described in section 5(c) such findings and rec-ommendations as the Commission considers appropriate. (3) A
RTS AND HUMANITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The presiding officer of the Federal Council on the Arts and the Hu-manities, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts, and the Chair-person of the National Endowment for the Humanities shall cooperate with the Com-mission, especially in the encouragement and coordination of scholarly works and ar-tistic expressions focusing on the history, culture, and political thought of the period predating the United States Semiquincentennial. (B) L
IBRARY OF CONGRESS , SMITHSONIAN IN -
STITUTION , AND ARCHIVES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Librarian of Congress, the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institu-tion, and the Archivist of the United States shall cooperate with the Commission, espe-cially in the development and display of ex-hibits and collections and in the develop-ment of bibliographies, catalogs, and other materials relevant to the period predating the United States Semiquincentennial. (ii) L
OCATION .—To the maximum extent practicable, displays described in subpara-graph (A) shall be located in, or in facilities near to, buildings of historical significance to the American Revolution, so as to pro-mote greater public awareness of the herit-age of the United States. (C) SUBMISSION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— Each of the officers described in this para-graph shall submit to the Commission a re-port containing recommendations in time to afford the Commission an opportunity— (i) to review the reports; and (ii) to incorporate in the report described in section 5(c) such findings and rec-ommendations as the Commission considers appropriate. (4) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE .—The Secretary of State shall coordinate the participation of foreign nations in the celebration of the United States Semiquincentennial, including by soliciting the erection of monuments and other cultural cooperations in founding cit-ies of the United States so as— (A) to celebrate the shared heritage of the United States with the many peoples and na-tions of the world; and (B) to provide liaison and encouragement for the erection of international pavilions to showcase the spread of democratic institu-tions abroad in the period following the American Revolution. 
SEC. 7. POWERS. 
(a) H EARINGS .—The Commission may hold such hearings, meet and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out this Act. (b) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may se-cure directly from a Federal agency such in-formation as the Commission considers nec-essary to carry out this Act. (2) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—On request of the Chairperson of the Commission, the head of the agency shall provide the informa-tion to the Commission. (c) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. (d) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of money, property, or personal services. (e) A
DDITIONAL POWERS .—As determined necessary by the Commission, the Commis-sion may— (1) procure supplies, services, and property; (2) make contracts; (3) expend in furtherance of this Act funds appropriated, donated, or received in pursu-ance of contracts entered into under this Act; and (4) take such actions as are necessary to enable the Commission to carry out effi-ciently and in the public interest the pur-poses of this Act. (f) U
SE OF MATERIALS .— (1) T
IME CAPSULE .—A representative por-tion of all books, manuscripts, miscellaneous printed matter, memorabilia, relics, and other materials relating to the United States Semiquincentennial shall be deposited in a time capsule— (A) to be buried in Independence Mall, Philadelphia, on July 4, 2026; and (B) to be unearthed on the occasion of the 500th anniversary of the United States of America on July 4, 2276. (2) O
THER MATERIALS .—All other books, manuscripts, miscellaneous printed matter, memorabilia, relics, and other materials re-lating to the United States Semiquincentennial, whether donated to the Commission or collected by the Commission, may be deposited for preservation in na-tional, State, or local libraries or museums or be otherwise disposed of by the Commis-sion, in consultation with the Librarian of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.001 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4265 June 16, 2016 
Congress, the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, the Archivist of the United States, and the Administrator of General Services. (g) P
ROPERTY .—Any property acquired by the Commission remaining on termination of the Commission may be— (1) used by the Secretary for purposes of the National Park Service; or (2) disposed of as excess or surplus prop-erty. 
SEC. 8. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .—The mem-bers of the Commission shall receive no com-pensation for service on the Commission. (b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agen-cy under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Commission. (c) S
TAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairperson of the Commission may, without regard to the civil service laws (including regulations), appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as are nec-essary to enable the Commission to perform the duties of the Commission. (2) C
ONFIRMATION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— The employment of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by the Com-mission. (3) C
OMPENSATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Chairperson of the Commission may fix the compensation of the executive director and other personnel with-out regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of po-sitions and General Schedule pay rates. (B) M
AXIMUM RATE OF PAY .—The rate of pay for the executive director and other per-sonnel shall not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (d) D
ETAIL OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT EM-
PLOYEES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An employee of the Fed-eral Government may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement. (2) C
IVIL SERVICE STATUS .—The detail of the employee shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (e) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND  I
NTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairperson of the Commission may procure temporary and intermittent services in accordance with sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals that do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (f) A
DVISORY COMMITTEES .—The Commis-sion may appoint such advisory committees as the Commission determines necessary. 
SEC. 9. EXPENDITURES OF COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All expenditures of the Commission shall be made solely from— (1) donated funds; and (2) funds specifically appropriated for the Commission. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE SECRETARIAT .—The Commission shall seek to enter into an ar-rangement with USA 250, Incorporated, under which USA 250, Incorporated, shall— (1) serve as the secretariat of the Commis-sion, including by serving as the point of contact under section 5(e); (2) house the administrative offices of the Commission; (3) assume responsibility for funds of the Commission; and (4) provide to the Commission financial and administrative services, including serv-ices related to budgeting, accounting, finan-cial reporting, personnel, and procurement. (c) PAYMENT FOR FINANCIAL AND ADMINIS -
TRATIVE SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), payment for services provided under sub-section (b)(4) shall be made in advance, or by reimbursement, from funds of the Commis-sion in such amounts as may be agreed on by the Chairperson of the Commission and the secretariat of the Commission. (2) R
ELATIONSHIP TO REGULATIONS .— (A) E
RRONEOUS PAYMENTS .—The regula-tions under section 5514 of title 5, United States Code, relating to the collection of in-debtedness of personnel resulting from erro-neous payments shall apply to the collection of erroneous payments made to, or on behalf of, a Commission employee. (B) A
PPROPRIATIONS .—The regulations under sections 1513(d) and 1514 of title 31, United States Code, relating to the adminis-trative control of funds, shall apply to appro-priations of the Commission. (C) N
O PROMULGATION BY COMMISSION .—The Commission shall not be required to pre-scribe any regulations relating to the mat-ters described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). (d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Once each year dur-ing the period beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2027, the Commission shall submit to Con-gress a report of the activities of the Com-mission, including an accounting of funds re-ceived and expended during the year covered by the report. 
SEC. 10. TERMINATION OF COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall terminate on De-cember 31, 2027. f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2015 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 462, S. 2348. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2348) to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the in-nocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 2348 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act of ø2015¿ 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. RAPID DNA INSTRUMENTS. 
(a) S TANDARDS .—Section 210303(a) of the DNA Identification Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14131(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) In addition to issuing standards as provided in paragraphs (1) through (4), the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion shall issue standards and procedures for the use of Rapid DNA instruments and re-sulting DNA analyses. ‘‘(B) In this øparagraph¿ Act, the term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumen-tation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA øprofile¿ analysis from a DNA sample.’’. (b) INDEX .—Paragraph (2) of section 210304(b) of the DNA Identification Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14132(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) prepared by— ‘‘(A) laboratories that— ‘‘(i) have been accredited by a nonprofit professional association of persons actively involved in forensic science that is nation-ally recognized within the forensic science community; and ‘‘(ii) undergo external audits, not less than once every 2 years, that demonstrate compli-ance with standards established by the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion; or ‘‘(B) criminal justice agencies using Rapid DNA instruments approved by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in compliance with the standards and proce-dures issued by the Director under section 210303(a)(5); and’’. 
SEC. 3. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO COLLECTION OF DNA IDENTI-FICATION INFORMATION. 
(a) F ROM CERTAIN FEDERAL OFFENDERS .— Section 3 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation may waive the re-quirements under this subsection if DNA samples are analyzed by means of Rapid DNA instruments and the results are in-cluded in CODIS.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumentation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA øprofile¿ analysis from a DNA sample.’’. (b) F
ROM CERTAIN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  O
FFENDERS .—Section 4 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation may waive the re-quirements under this subsection if DNA samples are analyzed by means of Rapid DNA instruments and the results are in-cluded in CODIS.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumentation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA øprofile¿ analysis from a DNA sample.’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill (S. 2348), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2348 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.001 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4266 June 16, 2016 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. RAPID DNA INSTRUMENTS. 
(a) S TANDARDS .—Section 210303(a) of the DNA Identification Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14131(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) In addition to issuing standards as provided in paragraphs (1) through (4), the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion shall issue standards and procedures for the use of Rapid DNA instruments and re-sulting DNA analyses. ‘‘(B) In this Act, the term ‘Rapid DNA in-struments’ means instrumentation that car-ries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. (b) I
NDEX .—Paragraph (2) of section 210304(b) of the DNA Identification Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14132(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) prepared by— ‘‘(A) laboratories that— ‘‘(I) have been accredited by a nonprofit professional association of persons actively involved in forensic science that is nation-ally recognized within the forensic science community; and ‘‘(ii) undergo external audits, not less than once every 2 years, that demonstrate compli-ance with standards established by the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion; or ‘‘(B) criminal justice agencies using Rapid DNA instruments approved by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in compliance with the standards and proce-dures issued by the Director under section 210303(a)(5); and’’. 
SEC. 3. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO COLLECTION OF DNA IDENTI-FICATION INFORMATION. 
(a) F ROM CERTAIN FEDERAL OFFENDERS .— Section 3 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation may waive the re-quirements under this subsection if DNA samples are analyzed by means of Rapid DNA instruments and the results are in-cluded in CODIS.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumentation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. (b) F
ROM CERTAIN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  O
FFENDERS .—Section 4 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation may waive the re-quirements under this subsection if DNA samples are analyzed by means of Rapid DNA instruments and the results are in-cluded in CODIS.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumentation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. f 
JUSTICE FOR ALL REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 463, S. 2577. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2577) to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science lab-oratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to im-prove the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with amendments, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken is shown in boldface brackets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 2577 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) R ESTITUTION DURING SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE .—Section 3583(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence by inserting ‘‘, that the defendant make res-titution in accordance with sections 3663 and 3663A, or any other statute authorizing a sentence of restitution,’’ after ‘‘supervision’’. (b) C
OLLECTION OF RESTITUTION FROM DE-
FENDANT ’SESTATE .—Section 3613(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The liability to pay restitution shall terminate on the date that is the later of 20 years from the entry of judgment or 20 years after the release from imprisonment of the person ordered to pay restitution. In the event of the death of the person ordered to pay restitution, the indi-vidual’s estate will be held responsible for any unpaid balance of the restitution amount, and the lien provided in subsection (c) of this section shall continue until the es-tate receives a written release of that liabil-ity.’’. (c) V
ICTIM INTERPRETERS .—Rule 28 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure is amended in the first sentence by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including an interpreter for the victim’’. (d) GAO S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall— (A) conduct a study to determine whether en-hancing the restitution provisions under sec-tions 3663 and 3663A of title 18, United States Code, to provide courts broader authority to award restitution for Federal offenses would be beneficial to crime victims and what other fac-tors Congress should consider in weighing such changes; and (B) submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under subparagraph (A). (2) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall focus on the benefits to crime victims that would result if the restitution provisions under sections 3663 and 3663A of title 18, United States Code, were expanded— (A) to apply to victims who have suffered harm, injury, or loss that would not have oc-curred but for the defendant’s related conduct; (B) in the case of an offense resulting in bod-ily injury resulting in the victim’s death, to allow the court to use its discretion to award an appropriate sum to reflect the income lost by the victim’s surviving family members or estate as a result of the victim’s death; (C) to require that the defendant pay to the victim an amount determined by the court to re-store the victim to the position he or she would have been in had the defendant not committed the offense; and (D) to require that the defendant compensate the victim for any injury, harm, or loss, includ-ing emotional distress, that occurred as a result of the offense. SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR GRANTS FOR CRIME VICTIMS. 
(a) C RIME VICTIMS LEGAL ASSISTANCE  G
RANTS .—Section 103(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2264) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (b) C
RIME VICTIMS NOTIFICATION GRANTS .— Section 1404E(c) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603e(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and in-serting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 4. REDUCING THE RAPE KIT BACKLOG. 
Of the amounts made available to the At-torney General for a DNA Analysis and ca-pacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW EN -
FORCEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE OF  J
USTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’ in a fiscal year— (1) not less than 75 percent of such amounts shall be provided for grants for di-rect testing activities described under para-graphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 2(a) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(a)); and (2) not less than 5 percent of such amounts shall be provided for grants for law enforce-ment agencies to conduct audits of their backlogged rape kits, including through the creation of a tracking system, under section 2(a)(7) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimi-nation Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(a)(7)), and to prioritize testing in those cases in which the statute of limitation will soon expire. 
SEC. 5. SEXUAL ASSAULT NURSE EXAMINERS. 
Section 304 of the DNA Sexual Assault Jus-tice Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136a) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) P
REFERENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In reviewing applica-tions submitted in accordance with a pro-gram authorized, in whole or in part, by this section, the Attorney General shall give preference to any eligible entity that cer-tifies that the entity will use the grant funds to— ‘‘(A) operate or expand forensic nurse ex-aminer programs in a rural area or for an un-derserved population, as those terms are de-fined in section 4002 of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.003 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4267 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(B) hire full-time forensic nurse exam-iners to conduct activities under subsection (a); or ‘‘(C) sustain or establish a training pro-gram for forensic nurse examiners. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTIVE TO THE ATTORNEY GEN -
ERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reau-thorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall coordinate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to inform Feder-ally Qualified Health Centers, Community Health Centers, hospitals, colleges and uni-versities, and other appropriate health-re-lated entities about the role of forensic nurses and existing resources available with-in the Department of Justice and the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to train or employ forensic nurses to address the needs of communities dealing with sexual as-sault, domestic violence, and elder abuse. The Attorney General shall collaborate on this effort with nongovernmental organiza-tions representing forensic nurses.’’. 
SEC. 6. PROTECTING THE VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT. 
Section 8(e)(1)(A) of the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 15607(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the program is not administered by the Office on Violence Against Women of the Department of Justice.’’. 
SEC. 7. CLARIFICATION OF VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT HOUSING PROTEC-TIONS. 
Section 41411(b)(3)(B)(ii) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043e– 11(b)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or resident’’ after ‘‘any remaining tenant’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘or resident’’ after ‘‘tenant’’ each place it ap-pears. 
SEC. 8. STRENGTHENING THE PRISON RAPE ELIMINATION ACT. 
The Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 15601 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 6(d)(2) (42 U.S.C. 15605(d)(2)), by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A)(i) include the certification of the chief executive that the State receiving such grant has adopted all national prison rape standards that, as of the date on which the application was submitted, have been pro-mulgated under this Act; or ‘‘(ii) demonstrate to the Attorney General, in such manner as the Attorney General shall require, that the State receiving such grant is actively working to adopt and achieve full compliance with the national prison rape standards described in clause (i);’’; and (2) in section 8(e) (42 U.S.C. 15607(e))— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
DOPTION OF NATIONAL STANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, any amount that a State would otherwise re-ceive for prison purposes for that fiscal year under a grant program covered by this sub-section shall be reduced by 5 percent, unless the chief executive officer of the State sub-mits to the Attorney General proof of com-pliance with this Act through— ‘‘(i) a certification that the State has adopted, and is in full compliance with, the national standards described in subsection (a); or ‘‘(ii) an assurance that the State intends to adopt and achieve full compliance with those national standards so as to ensure that a cer-tification under clause (i) may be submitted in future years, which includes— ‘‘(I) a commitment that not less than 5 percent of such amount shall be used for this purpose; or ‘‘(II) a request that the Attorney General hold 5 percent of such amount in abeyance pursuant to the requirements of subpara-graph (E). ‘‘(B) RULES FOR CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A chief executive officer of a State who submits a certification under this paragraph shall also provide the Attor-ney General with— ‘‘(I) a list of the prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State; ‘‘(II) a list of the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) that were audited during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(III) all final audit reports for prisons listed under subclause (I) that were com-pleted during the most recently concluded audit year; and ‘‘(IV) a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) during the following 3 audit years. ‘‘(ii) A
UDIT APPEAL EXCEPTION .—Beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthor-ization Act of 2016, a chief executive officer of a State may submit a certification that the State is in full compliance pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i) even if a prison under the operational control of the executive branch of the State has an audit appeal pending. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR ASSURANCES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A chief executive officer of a State who submits an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall also provide the Attorney General with— ‘‘(I) a list of the prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State; ‘‘(II) a list of the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) that were audited during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(III) an explanation of any barriers the State faces to completing required audits; ‘‘(IV) all final audit reports for prisons list-ed under subclause (I) that were completed during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(V) a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of the State during the following 3 audit years; and ‘‘(VI) an explanation of the State’s current degree of implementation of the national standards. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—A chief ex-ecutive officer of a State who submits an as-surance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) shall, before receiving the applicable funds de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I), also pro-vide the Attorney General with a proposed plan for the expenditure of the funds during the applicable grant period. ‘‘(iii) A
CCOUNTING OF FUNDS .—A chief exec-utive officer of a State who submits an as-surance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) shall, in a manner consistent with the applicable grant reporting requirements, submit to the Attorney General a detailed accounting of how the funds described in subparagraph (A) were used. ‘‘(D) S
UNSET OF ASSURANCE OPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, sub-clause (II) of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall cease to have effect. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL SUNSET .—On the date that is 6 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, clause (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall cease to have effect. ‘‘(iii) EMERGENCY ASSURANCES .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—Notwithstanding clause (ii), during the 2-year period beginning 6 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, a chief exec-utive officer of a State who certifies that the State has audited not less than 90 percent of prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of the State may request that the Attorney General allow the chief executive officer to submit an emergency as-surance in accordance with subparagraph (A)(ii) as in effect on the day before the date on which that subparagraph ceased to have effect under clause (ii) of this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) G
RANT OF REQUEST .—The Attorney General shall grant a request submitted under subclause (I) within 60 days upon a showing of good cause. ‘‘(E) D
ISPOSITION OF FUNDS HELD IN ABEY -
ANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the chief executive of-ficer of a State who has submitted an assur-ance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) subse-quently submits a certification under sub-paragraph (A)(i) during the 3-year period be-ginning on the date of enactment of the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General will release all funds held in abeyance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) to be used by the State in accordance with the conditions of the grant program for which the funds were provided. ‘‘(ii) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—If the chief exec-utive officer of a State who has submitted an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) is unable to submit a certification during the 3- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, but does assure the Attorney General that 
2⁄3of prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State have been audited at least once, the Attorney General shall release all of the funds of the State held in abeyance to be used in adopting and achieving full compli-ance with the national standards, if the State agrees to comply with the applicable requirements in clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(iii) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—If the chief executive officer of a State who has submitted an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) is unable to submit a certification during the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Justice for All Re-authorization Act of 2016 and does not assure the Attorney General that 
2⁄3of prisons under the operational control of the execu-tive branch of the State have been audited at least once, the Attorney General shall redis-tribute the funds of the State held in abey-ance to other States to be used in accordance with the conditions of the grant program for which the funds were provided. ‘‘(F) P
UBLICATION OF AUDIT RESULTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall request from each State, and make available on an appropriate Internet website, all final audit reports completed to date for prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of each State. The Attorney General shall update such website annually with re-ports received from States under subpara-graphs (B)(i) and (C)(i). ‘‘(G) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF NA -
TIONAL STANDARDS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attor-ney General shall issue a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on the status of imple-mentation of the national standards and the steps the Department, in conjunction with the States and other key stakeholders, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.004 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4268 June 16, 2016 
taking to address any unresolved implemen-tation issues.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS FOR AUDITORS .— An individual seeking certification by the Department of Justice to serve as an auditor of prison compliance with the national standards described in subsection (a) shall, upon request, submit fingerprints in the manner determined by the Attorney General for criminal history record checks of the ap-plicable State and Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation repositories.’’. 
SEC. 9. ADDITIONAL REAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) DNA R ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— Section 305(c) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136b(c)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (b) FBI DNA P
ROGRAMS .—Section 307(a) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2275) is amended by striking ‘‘$42,100,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (c) DNA I
DENTIFICATION OF MISSING PER-
SONS.—Section 308(c) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136d(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 10. PAUL COVERDELL FORENSIC SCIENCES IMPROVEMENT GRANTS. 
(a) G RANTS .—Part BB of title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797j) is amended— (1) in section 2802(2) (42 U.S.C. 3797k(2)), by inserting after ‘‘bodies’’ the following: ‘‘and is accredited by an accrediting body that is a signatory to an internationally recognized arrangement and that offers accreditation to forensic science conformity assessment bod-ies using an accreditation standard that is recognized by that internationally recog-nized arrangement, or attests, in a manner that is legally binding and enforceable, to use a portion of the grant amount to prepare and apply for such accreditation not more than 2 years after the date on which a grant is awarded under section 2801’’; (2) in section 2803(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797l(a))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Seventy-five percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Eighty-five percent’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘85 percent’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Twenty- five percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Fifteen per-cent’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘0.6 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘1 percent’’; (3) in section 2804(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797m(a))— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘impression evidence,’’ after ‘‘latent prints,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘digital evidence, fire evi-dence,’’ after ‘‘toxicology,’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and medicolegal death investigators’’ after ‘‘lab-oratory personnel’’; and (C) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(4) To address emerging forensic science issues (such as statistics, contextual bias, and uncertainty of measurement) and emerg-ing forensic science technology (such as high throughput automation, statistical software, and new types of instrumentation). ‘‘(5) To educate and train forensic patholo-gists in the United States. ‘‘(6) To work with the States and units of local government to direct funding to medicolegal death investigation systems to facilitate accreditation of medical examiner and coroner offices and certification of medicolegal death investigators.’’; and (4) in section 2806(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797o(a))— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the progress of any unaccredited foren-sic science service provider receiving grant funds toward obtaining accreditation; and’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1001(a)(24) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)(24)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 11. IMPROVING THE QUALITY OF REP-RESENTATION IN STATE CAPITAL CASES. 
Section 426 of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14163e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or upon a showing of good cause, and at the dis-cretion of the Attorney General, the State may determine a fair allocation of funds across the uses described in sections 421 and 422’’. 
SEC. 12. POST-CONVICTION DNA TESTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3600 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘under a sentence of’’ in each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sen-tenced to’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘death’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘and the applicant did not—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘knowingly fail to request’’ and in-serting ‘‘and the applicant did not knowingly fail to request’’; (3) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) order the Government to— ‘‘(i) prepare an inventory of the evidence related to the case; and ‘‘(ii) issue a copy of the inventory to the court, the applicant, and the Government.’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) R
ESULTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The results of any DNA testing ordered under this section shall be si-multaneously disclosed to the court, the ap-plicant, and the Government. ‘‘(B) R
ESULTS EXCLUDE APPLICANT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If a DNA profile is ob-tained through testing that excludes the ap-plicant as the source and the DNA complies with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s requirements for the uploading of crime scene profiles to the National DNA Index System (referred to in this subsection as ‘NDIS’), the court shall order that the law enforcement entity with direct or conveyed statutory jurisdiction that has access to the NDIS submit the DNA profile obtained from probative biological material from crime scene evidence to determine whether the DNA profile matches a profile of a known in-dividual or a profile from an unsolved crime. ‘‘(ii) NDIS 
SEARCH .—The results of a search under clause (i) shall be simultaneously dis-closed to the court, the applicant, and the Government.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Na-tional DNA Index System (referred to in this subsection as ‘NDIS’)’’ and inserting ‘‘NDIS’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘death’’. (b) PRESERVATION OF BIOLOGICAL EVI-
DENCE .—Section 3600A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under a sentence of’’ and inserting ‘‘sentenced to’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively. 
SEC. 13. KIRK BLOODSWORTH POST-CONVICTION DNA TESTING PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 413 of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136 note) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) for eligible entities that are a State or unit of local government, provide a certifi-cation by the chief legal officer of the State in which the eligible entity operates or the chief legal officer of the jurisdiction in which the funds will be used for the purposes of the grants, that the State or jurisdic-tion— ‘‘(A) provides DNA testing of specified evi-dence under a State statute or a State or local rule or regulation to persons sentenced to imprisonment or death for a State felony offense, in a manner intended to ensure a reasonable process for resolving claims of ac-tual innocence that ensures post-conviction DNA testing in at least those cases that would be covered by section 3600(a) of title 18, United States Code, had they been Fed-eral cases and, if the results of the testing exclude the applicant as the source of the DNA, permits the applicant to apply for post-conviction relief, notwithstanding any provision of law that would otherwise bar the application as untimely; and ‘‘(B) preserves biological evidence, as de-fined in section 3600A of title 18, United States Code, under a State statute or a State or local rule, regulation, or practice in a manner intended to ensure that reasonable measures are taken by the State or jurisdic-tion to preserve biological evidence secured in relation to the investigation or prosecu-tion of, at a minimum, murder, nonnegligent manslaughter and sexual offenses.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 412(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136e(b)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 14. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR EVIDENCE RETENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title IV of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2278) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 414. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR EVIDENCE RETENTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Institute of Justice, in consultation with Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment agencies and government laboratories, shall— ‘‘(1) establish best practices for evidence retention to focus on the preservation of fo-rensic evidence; and ‘‘(2) assist State, local, and tribal govern-ments in adopting and implementing the best practices established under paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.004 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4269 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(b) D EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Di-rector of the National Institute of Justice shall publish the best practices established under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require or obligate compliance with the best practices estab-lished under subsection (a)(1).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2260) is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 413 the following: ‘‘Sec. 414. Establishment of best practices for evidence retention.’’. 
SEC. 15. EFFECTIVE ADMINISTRATION OF CRIMI-NAL JUSTICE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Effective Administration of Criminal Justice Act of 2015’’. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—Section 502 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3752) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘To request a grant’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) A comprehensive Statewide plan de-tailing how grants received under this sec-tion will be used to improve the administra-tion of the criminal justice system, which shall— ‘‘(A) be designed in consultation with local governments, and representatives of all seg-ments of the criminal justice system, includ-ing judges, prosecutors, law enforcement per-sonnel, corrections personnel, and providers of indigent defense services, victim services, juvenile justice delinquency prevention pro-grams, community corrections, and reentry services; ‘‘(B) include a description of how the State will allocate funding within and among each of the uses described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 501(a)(1); ‘‘(C) describe the process used by the State for gathering evidence-based data and devel-oping and using evidence-based and evidence- gathering approaches in support of funding decisions; ‘‘(D) describe the barriers at the State and local level for accessing data and imple-menting evidence-based approaches to pre-venting and reducing crime and recidivism; and ‘‘(E) be updated every 5 years, with annual progress reports that— ‘‘(i) address changing circumstances in the State, if any; ‘‘(ii) describe how the State plans to adjust funding within and among each of the uses described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 501(a)(1); ‘‘(iii) provide an ongoing assessment of need; ‘‘(iv) discuss the accomplishment of goals identified in any plan previously prepared under this paragraph; and ‘‘(v) reflect how the plan influenced fund-ing decisions in the previous year. ‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attorney General shall begin to provide technical assistance to States and local governments requesting support to de-velop and implement the strategic plan re-quired under subsection (a)(6). The Attorney General may enter into agreements with 1 or more non-governmental organizations to provide technical assistance and training under this paragraph. ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF CONSTITUTIONAL  
RIGHTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the At-torney General shall begin to provide tech-nical assistance to States and local govern-ments, including any agent thereof with re-sponsibility for administration of justice, re-questing support to meet the obligations es-tablished by the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which shall include— ‘‘(A) public dissemination of practices, structures, or models for the administration of justice consistent with the requirements of the Sixth Amendment; and ‘‘(B) assistance with adopting and imple-menting a system for the administration of justice consistent with the requirements of the Sixth Amendment. ‘‘(3) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this subsection.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement to submit a strategic plan under section 501(a)(6) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by subsection (b), shall apply to any application submitted under such section 501 for a grant for any fiscal year beginning after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 16. OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
All grants awarded by the Department of Justice that are authorized under this Act shall be subject to the following: (1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .—Beginning in fis-cal year 2016, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this Act to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appro-priate number of grantees to be audited each year. (2) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this Act that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this Act during the 2 fiscal years beginning after the 12-month period described in paragraph (5). (3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this Act, the Attorney General shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that, during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this Act, did not have an unresolved audit finding showing a violation in the terms or conditions of a Department of Justice grant program. (4) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-ed grant funds under this Act during the 2- fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from receiving grants under para-graph (2), the Attorney General shall— (A) deposit an amount equal to the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and (B) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. (5) D
EFINED TERM .—In this section, the term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means an audit report finding in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within a 12-month period begin-ning on the date when the final audit report is issued. (6) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion and the grant programs described in this Act, the term ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (B) PROHIBITION .—The Attorney General shall not award a grant under any grant pro-gram described in this Act to a nonprofit or-ganization that holds money in offshore ac-counts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is awarded a grant under a grant program described in this Act and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to cre-ate a rebuttable presumption of reasonable-ness for the compensation of its officers, di-rectors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-tion. (7) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Unless oth-erwise explicitly provided in authorizing leg-islation, not more than 7.5 percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral for salaries and administrative expenses of the Department of Justice. (8) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— (A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice under this Act may be used by the Attorney General or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds through a coop-erative agreement under this Act, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or the appropriate Assistant Attorney General, Di-rector, or principal deputy as the Deputy At-torney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. (B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audio/visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. (C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expendi-tures approved by operation of this para-graph. (9) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may not be uti-lized by any grant recipient to— (i) lobby any representative of the Depart-ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or (ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. (B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-termines that any recipient of a grant under this Act has violated subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall— (i) require the grant recipient to repay the grant in full; and (ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-ceiving another grant under this Act for not less than 5 years. 
SEC. 17. NEEDS ASSESSMENT OF FORENSIC LAB-ORATORIES. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than Oc-tober 1, 2018, the Attorney General shall con-duct a study and submit a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on the status and needs of the forensic science community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.004 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4270 June 16, 2016 
(b) R EQUIREMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) examine the status of current workload, backlog, personnel, equipment, and equip-ment needs of public crime laboratories and medical examiner and coroner offices; (2) include an overview of academic foren-sic science resources and needs, from a broad forensic science perspective, including non-traditional crime laboratory disciplines such as forensic anthropology, forensic ento-mology, and others as determined appro-priate by the Attorney General; (3) consider— (A) the National Institute of Justice study, Forensic Sciences: Review of Status and Needs, published in 1999; (B) the Bureau of Justice Statistics census reports on Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories, published in 2002, 2005, 2009, and 2014; (C) the National Academy of Sciences re-port, Strengthening Forensic Science: A Path Forward, published in 2009; and (D) the Bureau of Justice Statistics survey of forensic providers recommended by the National Commission of Forensic Science and approved by the Attorney General on September 8, 2014; (4) provide Congress with a comprehensive view of the infrastructure, equipment, and personnel needs of the broad forensic science community; and (5) be made available to the public. 
øSEC. 18. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the authority of the Director of the Of-fice of Victims of Crime under section 1404 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603) includes funding ongoing projects that provide services to victims of crime on a na-tionwide basis or Americans abroad who are victims of crimes committed outside of the United States; and (2) the proposed rule entitled ‘‘VOCA Vic-tim Assistance Program’’ published by the Office of Victims of Crime of the Department of Justice in the Federal Register on August 27, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 52877), is consistent with section 1404 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603).¿ 
SEC. 18. CRIME VICTIM ASSISTANCE. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1404(c)(1)(A) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603(c)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘victim services,’’ before ‘‘demonstration projects’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the proposed rule entitled ‘‘VOCA Victim Assistance Program’’ published by the Office of Victims of Crime of the Department of Justice in the Federal Register on August 27, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 52877), is consistent with sec-tion 1404 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603). 
SEC. 19. IMPROVING THE RESTITUTION PROCESS. 
Section 3612 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) E
VALUATION OF OFFICES OF THE UNITED  S
TATES ATTORNEY AND DEPARTMENT COMPO -
NENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall, as part of the regular evaluation process, evaluate each office of the United States attor-ney and each component of the Department of Justice on the performance of the office or the component, as the case may be, in seeking and recovering restitution for victims under sections 3663 and 3663A. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Following an evaluation under paragraph (1), each office of the United States attorney and each component of the De-partment of Justice shall work to improve the practices of the office or component, as the case may be, with respect to seeking and recovering restitution for victims under sections 3663 and 3663A. ‘‘(k) GAO R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall pre-pare and submit to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a re-port on restitution sought by the Attorney Gen-eral under sections 3663 and 3663A during the 3- year period preceding the report. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include statistically valid estimates of— ‘‘(A) the number of cases in which a defend-ant was convicted and the Attorney General could seek restitution under this title; ‘‘(B) the number of cases in which the Attor-ney General sought restitution; ‘‘(C) of the cases in which the Attorney Gen-eral sought restitution, the number of times res-titution was ordered by the district courts of the United States; ‘‘(D) the amount of restitution ordered by the district courts of the United States; ‘‘(E) the amount of restitution collected pur-suant to the restitution orders described in sub-paragraph (D); ‘‘(F) the percentage of restitution orders for which the full amount of restitution has not been collected; and ‘‘(G) any other measurement the Comptroller General determines would assist in evaluating how to improve the restitution process in Fed-eral criminal cases. ‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include recommenda-tions on the best practices for— ‘‘(A) requesting restitution in cases in which restitution may be sought under sections 3663 and 3663A; ‘‘(B) obtaining restitution orders from the dis-trict courts of the United States; and ‘‘(C) collecting restitution ordered by the dis-trict courts of the United States. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after date on which the report required under para-graph (1) is submitted, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate a report on the implementa-tion by the Attorney General of the best prac-tices recommended under paragraph (3).’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, the Grassley amendment be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The amendment (No. 4727) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the Attorney General to evaluate the performance of the Depart-ment of Justice in seeking and recovering restitution for victims under all Federal restitution provisions, to require recipi-ents of DNA backlog capacity and enhance-ment grants to report on how the actually used their grant funds, and to prevent du-plicative grants) On page 6, line 2, strike ‘‘Of the amounts’’ and insert ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Of the amounts’’. On page 6, between lines 21 and 22, insert the following: (b) R
EPORTING .— (1) R
EPORT BY GRANT RECIPIENTS .—With re- spect to amounts made available to the At-torney General for a DNA Analysis and ca-pacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW EN -FORCEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE OF  J
USTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’, the Attorney General shall require recipients of the amounts to report on the effectiveness of the activities carried out using the amounts, in-cluding any information the Attorney Gen-eral needs in order to submit the report re-quired under paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 month after the last day of each even-num-bered fiscal year, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report that includes, for each recipient of amounts described in paragraph (1)— (A) the amounts distributed to the recipi-ent; (B) a summary of the purposes for which the amounts were used and an evaluation of the progress of the recipient in achieving those purposes; (C) a statistical summary of the crime scene samples and arrestee or offender sam-ples submitted to laboratories, the average time between the submission of a sample to a laboratory and the testing of the sample, and the percentage of the amounts that were paid to private laboratories; and (D) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the grant amounts in increasing capacity and reducing backlogs. On page 37, between lines 21 and 22, insert the following: (10) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney Gen-eral awards a grant to an applicant under this Act, the Attorney General shall com-pare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to determine whether duplicate grants are awarded for the same purpose. (B) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— (i) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and (ii) the reason the Attorney General awarded the duplicate grants. On page 40, line 25, strike ‘‘sections 3663 and 3663A’’ and insert ‘‘each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitu-tion’’. On page 41, line 7, strike ‘‘sections 3663 and 3663A’’ and insert ‘‘each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitu-tion’’. On page 41, line 15, strike ‘‘sections 3663 and 3663A’’ and insert ‘‘each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitu-tion’’. On page 41, line 22, insert ‘‘or the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this title’’. On page 42, lines 21 and 22, strike ‘‘sections 3663 and 3663A’’ and insert ‘‘each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitu-tion’’. On page 43, line 3, insert ‘‘the’’ before ‘‘date’’. 
The bill was engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.004 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4271 June 16, 2016 
The bill (S. 2577), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 2577 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) R ESTITUTION DURING SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE .—Section 3583(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence by inserting ‘‘, that the defendant make res-titution in accordance with sections 3663 and 3663A, or any other statute authorizing a sentence of restitution,’’ after ‘‘supervision’’. (b) C
OLLECTION OF RESTITUTION FROM DE-
FENDANT ’SESTATE .—Section 3613(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The liability to pay restitution shall terminate on the date that is the later of 20 years from the entry of judgment or 20 years after the release from imprisonment of the person ordered to pay restitution. In the event of the death of the person ordered to pay restitution, the indi-vidual’s estate will be held responsible for any unpaid balance of the restitution amount, and the lien provided in subsection (c) of this section shall continue until the es-tate receives a written release of that liabil-ity.’’. (c) V
ICTIM INTERPRETERS .—Rule 28 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure is amended in the first sentence by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including an interpreter for the victim’’. (d) GAO S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (A) conduct a study to determine whether enhancing the restitution provisions under sections 3663 and 3663A of title 18, United States Code, to provide courts broader au-thority to award restitution for Federal of-fenses would be beneficial to crime victims and what other factors Congress should con-sider in weighing such changes; and (B) submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under subparagraph (A). (2) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall focus on the benefits to crime victims that would result if the restitution provi-sions under sections 3663 and 3663A of title 18, United States Code, were expanded— (A) to apply to victims who have suffered harm, injury, or loss that would not have oc-curred but for the defendant’s related con-duct; (B) in the case of an offense resulting in bodily injury resulting in the victim’s death, to allow the court to use its discretion to award an appropriate sum to reflect the in-come lost by the victim’s surviving family members or estate as a result of the victim’s death; (C) to require that the defendant pay to the victim an amount determined by the court to restore the victim to the position he or she would have been in had the defendant not committed the offense; and (D) to require that the defendant com-pensate the victim for any injury, harm, or loss, including emotional distress, that oc-curred as a result of the offense. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR GRANTS FOR CRIME VICTIMS. 
(a) C RIME VICTIMS LEGAL ASSISTANCE  G
RANTS .—Section 103(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2264) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (b) CRIME VICTIMS NOTIFICATION GRANTS .— Section 1404E(c) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603e(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and in-serting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 4. REDUCING THE RAPE KIT BACKLOG. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts made available to the Attorney General for a DNA Analysis and capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal foren-sic activities under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND  
LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’ in a fiscal year— (1) not less than 75 percent of such amounts shall be provided for grants for di-rect testing activities described under para-graphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 2(a) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(a)); and (2) not less than 5 percent of such amounts shall be provided for grants for law enforce-ment agencies to conduct audits of their backlogged rape kits, including through the creation of a tracking system, under section 2(a)(7) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimi-nation Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(a)(7)), and to prioritize testing in those cases in which the statute of limitation will soon expire. (b) R
EPORTING .— (1) R
EPORT BY GRANT RECIPIENTS .—With re- spect to amounts made available to the At-torney General for a DNA Analysis and ca-pacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW EN -
FORCEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE OF  J
USTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’, the Attorney General shall require recipients of the amounts to report on the effectiveness of the activities carried out using the amounts, in-cluding any information the Attorney Gen-eral needs in order to submit the report re-quired under paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 month after the last day of each even-num-bered fiscal year, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report that includes, for each recipient of amounts described in paragraph (1)— (A) the amounts distributed to the recipi-ent; (B) a summary of the purposes for which the amounts were used and an evaluation of the progress of the recipient in achieving those purposes; (C) a statistical summary of the crime scene samples and arrestee or offender sam-ples submitted to laboratories, the average time between the submission of a sample to a laboratory and the testing of the sample, and the percentage of the amounts that were paid to private laboratories; and (D) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the grant amounts in increasing capacity and reducing backlogs. 
SEC. 5. SEXUAL ASSAULT NURSE EXAMINERS. 
Section 304 of the DNA Sexual Assault Jus-tice Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136a) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) PREFERENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In reviewing applica-tions submitted in accordance with a pro-gram authorized, in whole or in part, by this section, the Attorney General shall give preference to any eligible entity that cer-tifies that the entity will use the grant funds to— ‘‘(A) operate or expand forensic nurse ex-aminer programs in a rural area or for an un-derserved population, as those terms are de-fined in section 4002 of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925); ‘‘(B) hire full-time forensic nurse exam-iners to conduct activities under subsection (a); or ‘‘(C) sustain or establish a training pro-gram for forensic nurse examiners. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTIVE TO THE ATTORNEY GEN -
ERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reau-thorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall coordinate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to inform Feder-ally Qualified Health Centers, Community Health Centers, hospitals, colleges and uni-versities, and other appropriate health-re-lated entities about the role of forensic nurses and existing resources available with-in the Department of Justice and the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to train or employ forensic nurses to address the needs of communities dealing with sexual as-sault, domestic violence, and elder abuse. The Attorney General shall collaborate on this effort with nongovernmental organiza-tions representing forensic nurses.’’. 
SEC. 6. PROTECTING THE VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT. 
Section 8(e)(1)(A) of the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 15607(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the program is not administered by the Office on Violence Against Women of the Department of Justice.’’. 
SEC. 7. CLARIFICATION OF VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT HOUSING PROTEC-TIONS. 
Section 41411(b)(3)(B)(ii) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043e– 11(b)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or resident’’ after ‘‘any remaining tenant’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘or resident’’ after ‘‘tenant’’ each place it ap-pears. 
SEC. 8. STRENGTHENING THE PRISON RAPE ELIMINATION ACT. 
The Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 15601 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 6(d)(2) (42 U.S.C. 15605(d)(2)), by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A)(i) include the certification of the chief executive that the State receiving such grant has adopted all national prison rape standards that, as of the date on which the application was submitted, have been pro-mulgated under this Act; or ‘‘(ii) demonstrate to the Attorney General, in such manner as the Attorney General shall require, that the State receiving such grant is actively working to adopt and achieve full compliance with the national prison rape standards described in clause (i);’’; and (2) in section 8(e) (42 U.S.C. 15607(e))— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
DOPTION OF NATIONAL STANDARDS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.012 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4272 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, any amount that a State would otherwise re-ceive for prison purposes for that fiscal year under a grant program covered by this sub-section shall be reduced by 5 percent, unless the chief executive officer of the State sub-mits to the Attorney General proof of com-pliance with this Act through— ‘‘(i) a certification that the State has adopted, and is in full compliance with, the national standards described in subsection (a); or ‘‘(ii) an assurance that the State intends to adopt and achieve full compliance with those national standards so as to ensure that a cer-tification under clause (i) may be submitted in future years, which includes— ‘‘(I) a commitment that not less than 5 percent of such amount shall be used for this purpose; or ‘‘(II) a request that the Attorney General hold 5 percent of such amount in abeyance pursuant to the requirements of subpara-graph (E). ‘‘(B) R
ULES FOR CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A chief executive officer of a State who submits a certification under this paragraph shall also provide the Attor-ney General with— ‘‘(I) a list of the prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State; ‘‘(II) a list of the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) that were audited during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(III) all final audit reports for prisons listed under subclause (I) that were com-pleted during the most recently concluded audit year; and ‘‘(IV) a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) during the following 3 audit years. ‘‘(ii) A
UDIT APPEAL EXCEPTION .—Beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthor-ization Act of 2016, a chief executive officer of a State may submit a certification that the State is in full compliance pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i) even if a prison under the operational control of the executive branch of the State has an audit appeal pending. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR ASSURANCES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A chief executive officer of a State who submits an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall also provide the Attorney General with— ‘‘(I) a list of the prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State; ‘‘(II) a list of the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) that were audited during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(III) an explanation of any barriers the State faces to completing required audits; ‘‘(IV) all final audit reports for prisons list-ed under subclause (I) that were completed during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(V) a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of the State during the following 3 audit years; and ‘‘(VI) an explanation of the State’s current degree of implementation of the national standards. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—A chief ex-ecutive officer of a State who submits an as-surance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) shall, before receiving the applicable funds de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I), also pro-vide the Attorney General with a proposed plan for the expenditure of the funds during the applicable grant period. ‘‘(iii) A
CCOUNTING OF FUNDS .—A chief exec-utive officer of a State who submits an as-surance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) shall, in a manner consistent with the applicable grant reporting requirements, submit to the Attorney General a detailed accounting of how the funds described in subparagraph (A) were used. ‘‘(D) SUNSET OF ASSURANCE OPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, sub-clause (II) of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall cease to have effect. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL SUNSET .—On the date that is 6 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, clause (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall cease to have effect. ‘‘(iii) E
MERGENCY ASSURANCES .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—Notwithstanding clause (ii), during the 2-year period beginning 6 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, a chief exec-utive officer of a State who certifies that the State has audited not less than 90 percent of prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of the State may request that the Attorney General allow the chief executive officer to submit an emergency as-surance in accordance with subparagraph (A)(ii) as in effect on the day before the date on which that subparagraph ceased to have effect under clause (ii) of this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) G
RANT OF REQUEST .—The Attorney General shall grant a request submitted under subclause (I) within 60 days upon a showing of good cause. ‘‘(E) D
ISPOSITION OF FUNDS HELD IN ABEY -
ANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the chief executive of-ficer of a State who has submitted an assur-ance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) subse-quently submits a certification under sub-paragraph (A)(i) during the 3-year period be-ginning on the date of enactment of the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General will release all funds held in abeyance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) to be used by the State in accordance with the conditions of the grant program for which the funds were provided. ‘‘(ii) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—If the chief exec-utive officer of a State who has submitted an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) is unable to submit a certification during the 3- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, but does assure the Attorney General that 
2⁄3of prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State have been audited at least once, the Attorney General shall release all of the funds of the State held in abeyance to be used in adopting and achieving full compli-ance with the national standards, if the State agrees to comply with the applicable requirements in clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(iii) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—If the chief executive officer of a State who has submitted an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) is unable to submit a certification during the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Justice for All Re-authorization Act of 2016 and does not assure the Attorney General that 
2⁄3of prisons under the operational control of the execu-tive branch of the State have been audited at least once, the Attorney General shall redis-tribute the funds of the State held in abey-ance to other States to be used in accordance with the conditions of the grant program for which the funds were provided. ‘‘(F) P
UBLICATION OF AUDIT RESULTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall request from each State, and make available on an appropriate Internet website, all final audit reports completed to date for prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of each State. The Attorney General shall update such website annually with re-ports received from States under subpara-graphs (B)(i) and (C)(i). ‘‘(G) REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF NA -
TIONAL STANDARDS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attor-ney General shall issue a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on the status of imple-mentation of the national standards and the steps the Department, in conjunction with the States and other key stakeholders, is taking to address any unresolved implemen-tation issues.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS FOR AUDITORS .— An individual seeking certification by the Department of Justice to serve as an auditor of prison compliance with the national standards described in subsection (a) shall, upon request, submit fingerprints in the manner determined by the Attorney General for criminal history record checks of the ap-plicable State and Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation repositories.’’. 
SEC. 9. ADDITIONAL REAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) DNA R ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— Section 305(c) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136b(c)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (b) FBI DNA P
ROGRAMS .—Section 307(a) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2275) is amended by striking ‘‘$42,100,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (c) DNA I
DENTIFICATION OF MISSING PER-
SONS.—Section 308(c) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136d(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 10. PAUL COVERDELL FORENSIC SCIENCES IMPROVEMENT GRANTS. 
(a) G RANTS .—Part BB of title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797j) is amended— (1) in section 2802(2) (42 U.S.C. 3797k(2)), by inserting after ‘‘bodies’’ the following: ‘‘and is accredited by an accrediting body that is a signatory to an internationally recognized arrangement and that offers accreditation to forensic science conformity assessment bod-ies using an accreditation standard that is recognized by that internationally recog-nized arrangement, or attests, in a manner that is legally binding and enforceable, to use a portion of the grant amount to prepare and apply for such accreditation not more than 2 years after the date on which a grant is awarded under section 2801’’; (2) in section 2803(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797l(a))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Seventy-five percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Eighty-five percent’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘85 percent’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Twenty- five percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Fifteen per-cent’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘0.6 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘1 percent’’; (3) in section 2804(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797m(a))— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘impression evidence,’’ after ‘‘latent prints,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘digital evidence, fire evi-dence,’’ after ‘‘toxicology,’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and medicolegal death investigators’’ after ‘‘lab-oratory personnel’’; and (C) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(4) To address emerging forensic science issues (such as statistics, contextual bias, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.010 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4273 June 16, 2016 
and uncertainty of measurement) and emerg-ing forensic science technology (such as high throughput automation, statistical software, and new types of instrumentation). ‘‘(5) To educate and train forensic patholo-gists in the United States. ‘‘(6) To work with the States and units of local government to direct funding to medicolegal death investigation systems to facilitate accreditation of medical examiner and coroner offices and certification of medicolegal death investigators.’’; and (4) in section 2806(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797o(a))— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the progress of any unaccredited foren-sic science service provider receiving grant funds toward obtaining accreditation; and’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1001(a)(24) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)(24)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 11. IMPROVING THE QUALITY OF REP-RESENTATION IN STATE CAPITAL CASES. 
Section 426 of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14163e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or upon a showing of good cause, and at the dis-cretion of the Attorney General, the State may determine a fair allocation of funds across the uses described in sections 421 and 422’’. 
SEC. 12. POST-CONVICTION DNA TESTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3600 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘under a sentence of’’ in each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sen-tenced to’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘death’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘and the applicant did not—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘knowingly fail to request’’ and in-serting ‘‘and the applicant did not knowingly fail to request’’; (3) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) order the Government to— ‘‘(i) prepare an inventory of the evidence related to the case; and ‘‘(ii) issue a copy of the inventory to the court, the applicant, and the Government.’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) R
ESULTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The results of any DNA testing ordered under this section shall be si-multaneously disclosed to the court, the ap-plicant, and the Government. ‘‘(B) R
ESULTS EXCLUDE APPLICANT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If a DNA profile is ob-tained through testing that excludes the ap-plicant as the source and the DNA complies with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s requirements for the uploading of crime scene profiles to the National DNA Index System (referred to in this subsection as ‘NDIS’), the court shall order that the law enforcement entity with direct or conveyed statutory jurisdiction that has access to the NDIS submit the DNA profile obtained from probative biological material from crime scene evidence to determine whether the DNA profile matches a profile of a known in-dividual or a profile from an unsolved crime. ‘‘(ii) NDIS SEARCH .—The results of a search under clause (i) shall be simultaneously dis-closed to the court, the applicant, and the Government.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Na-tional DNA Index System (referred to in this subsection as ‘NDIS’)’’ and inserting ‘‘NDIS’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘death’’. (b) P
RESERVATION OF BIOLOGICAL EVI-
DENCE .—Section 3600A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under a sentence of’’ and inserting ‘‘sentenced to’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively. 
SEC. 13. KIRK BLOODSWORTH POST-CONVICTION DNA TESTING PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 413 of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136 note) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) for eligible entities that are a State or unit of local government, provide a certifi-cation by the chief legal officer of the State in which the eligible entity operates or the chief legal officer of the jurisdiction in which the funds will be used for the purposes of the grants, that the State or jurisdic-tion— ‘‘(A) provides DNA testing of specified evi-dence under a State statute or a State or local rule or regulation to persons sentenced to imprisonment or death for a State felony offense, in a manner intended to ensure a reasonable process for resolving claims of ac-tual innocence that ensures post-conviction DNA testing in at least those cases that would be covered by section 3600(a) of title 18, United States Code, had they been Fed-eral cases and, if the results of the testing exclude the applicant as the source of the DNA, permits the applicant to apply for post-conviction relief, notwithstanding any provision of law that would otherwise bar the application as untimely; and ‘‘(B) preserves biological evidence, as de-fined in section 3600A of title 18, United States Code, under a State statute or a State or local rule, regulation, or practice in a manner intended to ensure that reasonable measures are taken by the State or jurisdic-tion to preserve biological evidence secured in relation to the investigation or prosecu-tion of, at a minimum, murder, nonnegligent manslaughter and sexual offenses.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 412(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136e(b)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 14. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR EVIDENCE RETENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title IV of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2278) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 414. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR EVIDENCE RETENTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Institute of Justice, in consultation with Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment agencies and government laboratories, shall— ‘‘(1) establish best practices for evidence retention to focus on the preservation of fo-rensic evidence; and ‘‘(2) assist State, local, and tribal govern-ments in adopting and implementing the best practices established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Di-rector of the National Institute of Justice shall publish the best practices established under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require or obligate compliance with the best practices estab-lished under subsection (a)(1).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2260) is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 413 the following: ‘‘Sec. 414. Establishment of best practices for evidence retention.’’. 
SEC. 15. EFFECTIVE ADMINISTRATION OF CRIMI-NAL JUSTICE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Effective Administration of Criminal Justice Act of 2015’’. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—Section 502 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3752) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘To request a grant’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) A comprehensive Statewide plan de-tailing how grants received under this sec-tion will be used to improve the administra-tion of the criminal justice system, which shall— ‘‘(A) be designed in consultation with local governments, and representatives of all seg-ments of the criminal justice system, includ-ing judges, prosecutors, law enforcement per-sonnel, corrections personnel, and providers of indigent defense services, victim services, juvenile justice delinquency prevention pro-grams, community corrections, and reentry services; ‘‘(B) include a description of how the State will allocate funding within and among each of the uses described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 501(a)(1); ‘‘(C) describe the process used by the State for gathering evidence-based data and devel-oping and using evidence-based and evidence- gathering approaches in support of funding decisions; ‘‘(D) describe the barriers at the State and local level for accessing data and imple-menting evidence-based approaches to pre-venting and reducing crime and recidivism; and ‘‘(E) be updated every 5 years, with annual progress reports that— ‘‘(i) address changing circumstances in the State, if any; ‘‘(ii) describe how the State plans to adjust funding within and among each of the uses described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 501(a)(1); ‘‘(iii) provide an ongoing assessment of need; ‘‘(iv) discuss the accomplishment of goals identified in any plan previously prepared under this paragraph; and ‘‘(v) reflect how the plan influenced fund-ing decisions in the previous year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.010 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4274 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(b) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attorney General shall begin to provide technical assistance to States and local governments requesting support to de-velop and implement the strategic plan re-quired under subsection (a)(6). The Attorney General may enter into agreements with 1 or more non-governmental organizations to provide technical assistance and training under this paragraph. ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF CONSTITUTIONAL  
RIGHTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the At-torney General shall begin to provide tech-nical assistance to States and local govern-ments, including any agent thereof with re-sponsibility for administration of justice, re-questing support to meet the obligations es-tablished by the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which shall include— ‘‘(A) public dissemination of practices, structures, or models for the administration of justice consistent with the requirements of the Sixth Amendment; and ‘‘(B) assistance with adopting and imple-menting a system for the administration of justice consistent with the requirements of the Sixth Amendment. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this subsection.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement to submit a strategic plan under section 501(a)(6) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by subsection (b), shall apply to any application submitted under such section 501 for a grant for any fiscal year beginning after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 16. OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
All grants awarded by the Department of Justice that are authorized under this Act shall be subject to the following: (1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .—Beginning in fis-cal year 2016, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this Act to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appro-priate number of grantees to be audited each year. (2) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this Act that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this Act during the 2 fiscal years beginning after the 12-month period described in paragraph (5). (3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this Act, the Attorney General shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that, during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this Act, did not have an unresolved audit finding showing a violation in the terms or conditions of a Department of Justice grant program. (4) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-ed grant funds under this Act during the 2- fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from receiving grants under para-graph (2), the Attorney General shall— (A) deposit an amount equal to the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and (B) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. (5) D
EFINED TERM .—In this section, the term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means an audit report finding in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within a 12-month period begin-ning on the date when the final audit report is issued. (6) NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion and the grant programs described in this Act, the term ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General shall not award a grant under any grant pro-gram described in this Act to a nonprofit or-ganization that holds money in offshore ac-counts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is awarded a grant under a grant program described in this Act and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to cre-ate a rebuttable presumption of reasonable-ness for the compensation of its officers, di-rectors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-tion. (7) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Unless oth-erwise explicitly provided in authorizing leg-islation, not more than 7.5 percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral for salaries and administrative expenses of the Department of Justice. (8) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— (A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice under this Act may be used by the Attorney General or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds through a coop-erative agreement under this Act, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or the appropriate Assistant Attorney General, Di-rector, or principal deputy as the Deputy At-torney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. (B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audio/visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. (C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expendi-tures approved by operation of this para-graph. (9) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may not be uti-lized by any grant recipient to— (i) lobby any representative of the Depart-ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or (ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. (B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-termines that any recipient of a grant under this Act has violated subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall— (i) require the grant recipient to repay the grant in full; and (ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-ceiving another grant under this Act for not less than 5 years. (10) PREVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney Gen-eral awards a grant to an applicant under this Act, the Attorney General shall com-pare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to determine whether duplicate grants are awarded for the same purpose. (B) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— (i) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and (ii) the reason the Attorney General awarded the duplicate grants. 
SEC. 17. NEEDS ASSESSMENT OF FORENSIC LAB-ORATORIES. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than Oc-tober 1, 2018, the Attorney General shall con-duct a study and submit a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on the status and needs of the forensic science community. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) examine the status of current workload, backlog, personnel, equipment, and equip-ment needs of public crime laboratories and medical examiner and coroner offices; (2) include an overview of academic foren-sic science resources and needs, from a broad forensic science perspective, including non-traditional crime laboratory disciplines such as forensic anthropology, forensic ento-mology, and others as determined appro-priate by the Attorney General; (3) consider— (A) the National Institute of Justice study, Forensic Sciences: Review of Status and Needs, published in 1999; (B) the Bureau of Justice Statistics census reports on Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories, published in 2002, 2005, 2009, and 2014; (C) the National Academy of Sciences re-port, Strengthening Forensic Science: A Path Forward, published in 2009; and (D) the Bureau of Justice Statistics survey of forensic providers recommended by the National Commission of Forensic Science and approved by the Attorney General on September 8, 2014; (4) provide Congress with a comprehensive view of the infrastructure, equipment, and personnel needs of the broad forensic science community; and (5) be made available to the public. 
SEC. 18. CRIME VICTIM ASSISTANCE. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1404(c)(1)(A) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603(c)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘vic-tim services,’’ before ‘‘demonstration projects’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the proposed rule entitled ‘‘VOCA Victim Assistance Program’’ pub-lished by the Office of Victims of Crime of the Department of Justice in the Federal Register on August 27, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 52877), is consistent with section 1404 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603). 
SEC. 19. IMPROVING THE RESTITUTION PROCESS. 
Section 3612 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.010 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4275 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(j) E VALUATION OF OFFICES OF THE UNITED  S
TATES ATTORNEY AND DEPARTMENT COMPO -
NENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall, as part of the regular evaluation proc-ess, evaluate each office of the United States attorney and each component of the Depart-ment of Justice on the performance of the of-fice or the component, as the case may be, in seeking and recovering restitution for vic-tims under each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitution. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Following an evalua-tion under paragraph (1), each office of the United States attorney and each component of the Department of Justice shall work to improve the practices of the office or compo-nent, as the case may be, with respect to seeking and recovering restitution for vic-tims under each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitution. ‘‘(k) GAO R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report on restitution sought by the Attorney General under each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes res-titution during the 3-year period preceding the report. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include statistically valid estimates of— ‘‘(A) the number of cases in which a de-fendant was convicted and the Attorney Gen-eral could seek restitution under this title or the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.); ‘‘(B) the number of cases in which the At-torney General sought restitution; ‘‘(C) of the cases in which the Attorney General sought restitution, the number of times restitution was ordered by the district courts of the United States; ‘‘(D) the amount of restitution ordered by the district courts of the United States; ‘‘(E) the amount of restitution collected pursuant to the restitution orders described in subparagraph (D); ‘‘(F) the percentage of restitution orders for which the full amount of restitution has not been collected; and ‘‘(G) any other measurement the Comp-troller General determines would assist in evaluating how to improve the restitution process in Federal criminal cases. ‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include rec-ommendations on the best practices for— ‘‘(A) requesting restitution in cases in which restitution may be sought under each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitution; ‘‘(B) obtaining restitution orders from the district courts of the United States; and ‘‘(C) collecting restitution ordered by the district courts of the United States. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which the report required under paragraph (1) is submitted, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report on the implementation by the Attor-ney General of the best practices rec-ommended under paragraph (3).’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, by way of explanation, that final piece of legis-lation represents the passage of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act. This is legislation the Judiciary Com-mittee has considered, as the Presiding Officer knows, which Senator PAT L
EAHY , the ranking member, and I have been working on for some time. It would improve victims’ rights by increasing access to restitution and re-authorize programs that support crime victims in court, and it would increase resources for forensic labs to reduce the rape kit backlog. That last meas-ure is something that has been a con-cern of mine for a number of years. Congress has appropriated a significant amount of money, under the Debbie Smith Act, to test forensic evidence in rape kits to identify the offenders in sexual assault cases. Unfortunately, over time, more and more of that money had been used for administra-tive and not testing purposes. If re-ports are to be believed, as many as 400,000 untested rape kits either sat in evidence lockers or in labs untested, thus denying those victims, whom those kits represent, resolution of their issues of closing the circle on their grief. We need to also make sure we have done everything we can in keep-ing our commitment to pursue the of-fender who has committed those sexual assaults. Since my days as attorney general of Texas, protecting the rights of crime victims has been close to my heart, but I know we always worry about whether there is enough money to be able to adequately fund law enforcement. We have also previously—particularly on the issue of trafficking—made sure we created a crime victims fund that takes the money from the fines and penalties paid by the procurers, or the people who are charged with pur-chasing sexual services from traf-ficking victims, puts that money into the fund that will then be used to help the victims heal. In particular, we need to get rid of this rape kit backlog. I have been working with one of my personal heroes, Debbie Smith. She has worked very hard to make sure we don’t forget these victims, just as she courageously talks about her own ter-rible experience. It is very important that we get more of these rape kits inventoried so we know exactly what the scope of the problem is and we get more of them tested. Some cities like Houston, TX, have waited around for the Federal Govern-ment. Thanks to former Mayor Parker, Houston has cleared its rape kit back-log by testing all of them. It is incred-ible what sort of evidence they have been able to produce by creating hits on the DNA testing matchup and being able to solve previously unsolved crimes. Of course, DNA being as power-ful as it is can also make sure that peo-ple who are falsely accused of a crime are exonerated. I appreciate the work of the senior Senator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY , who joined me in introducing the bill, and I appreciate his commitment to seeing it through. As always, I thank Senator GRASSLEY , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, for his leadership in helping shepherd this bi-partisan bill through the committee. This is now ready to go to President Obama and be signed into law. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, one of America’s greatest strengths is our ju-dicial system: a system based on the ideal of equal justice for all. The Sen-ate has a critical role to play in pro-tecting this judicial system. Perhaps most importantly, it is our responsi-bility to confirm qualified judges to va-cancies throughout the country so that our courts function at full strength and Americans receive swift and reliable justice. Another core responsibility is ensuring fairness. In criminal cases, fairness requires that the rights of vic-tims and the accused are respected. It requires that evidence is processed quickly and accurately. And if there is a mistake and an innocent person is wrongly convicted, fairness requires that we have the tools available to cor-rect them. The bill the Senate passes today, the Justice for All Reauthorization Act, will make our courts more fair. It pro-vides tools to strengthen indigent de-fense and expand the rights of crime victims. It will improve the use of fo-rensic evidence, including rape kits, to provide justice as swiftly as possible. It will help protect the innocent by in-creasing access to postconviction DNA testing. Passage of this bipartisan bill is long overdue, but it is an important step that we celebrate today. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act builds on the work I began in 2000, when I introduced the Innocence Pro-tection Act. That bill sought to ensure that defendants in the most serious cases receive competent representation and, when appropriate, access to postconviction DNA testing. I started my career as a prosecutor in Vermont. I know that we must hold those who commit crimes accountable, but we must also ensure that our sys-tem treats the accused fairly and does not wrongly convict those who are not guilty. In some cases, DNA testing can prove the innocence of individuals where the system got it grievously wrong. ‘‘Innocent until proven guilty’’ is a hallmark of our criminal justice system, but when a person who has been found guilty is actually innocent, we must provide access to tools like DNA testing that can set the record straight. The Innocence Protection Act and the funding it provides for postconviction DNA testing has played a critical role in helping the innocent clear their names and receive the exon-erations they deserve. These cases hap-pen more often than people might think. In the first 6 months of 2016, at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.010 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4276 June 16, 2016 
least four people have been exonerated by DNA testing after spending a com-bined 100 years in prison for crimes they had not committed. Can you imagine how terrifying it must be to be convicted of a crime you did not commit? You are separated from all that you know and all those you love—perhaps for decades or life. You are housed in a cold, bare prison cell, isolated and scared. And perhaps worst of all, no one believes you when you say you did not do it. The four men exonerated by DNA in just the last few months no doubt experienced that and worse, so did my friend Kirk Bloodsworth. Kirk was a young man just out of the Marines when, in 1984, he was sen-tenced to death for the rape and mur-der of a 9 year-old girl, a heinous crime he did not commit. He maintained his innocence and finally received a second trial, only to be convicted again, though this time he received two con-secutive life sentences. Again, he fought to clear his name, pushing to have the evidence against him tested for DNA, then a novel new scientific method. The DNA found at the crime scene was not his, and he was released from prison in 1993. He became the first death row inmate in the United States to be exonerated through the use of DNA evidence. Kirk inspired me to create the Kirk Bloodsworth Post Conviction DNA Testing Grant Program as part of the Innocence Protection Act in 2000. He continues to be a remarkable champion for justice, and I am proud the grant program we both care so deeply about is reauthorized as part of the bipar-tisan legislation before us today. We must continue funding this crit-ical postconviction DNA testing since we know our system is imperfect. It is an outrage when an innocent person is wrongly punished, and this injustice is compounded when the true perpetrator remains on the streets, able to commit more crimes. We are all less safe when the system gets it wrong. Of course we must do more to ensure that our justice system gets it right from the beginning, and that means improving the quality of indigent de-fense. This legislation requires the De-partment of Justice to provide tech-nical assistance to States to improve their indigent defense systems, and it ensures that public defenders will have a seat at the table when States deter-mine how to use their Byrne JAG criminal justice funding. Although these are small changes, I hope they lay the ground work for greater im-provements ahead, including adoption of my Gideon’s Promise Act. That leg-islation would allow the Department of Justice to ensure that States are satis-fying their obligations to provide com-petent counsel under the 6th and 14th Amendments. It has been a part of this bill in previous years, but unfortu-nately does not yet have the support it needs for passage. We must do more to protect this fundamental right, and I will continue to work to see the Gid-eon’s Promise Act passed into law. In addition to the Innocence Protec-tion Act, the Justice for All Reauthor-ization Act also increases resources for public forensic laboratories by reau-thorizing the Coverdell program. It ad-dresses the needs of sexual assault sur-vivors by ensuring that rape kit back-logs are reduced and forensic exam pro-grams are expanded. It strengthens some key provisions of the Prison Rape Elimination Act. And it expands rights for victims of all crime. While we still have a long way to go, we have made progress over the years to respond to the needs of sexual as-sault survivors, and I am glad this leg-islation continues to build on that strong record. Last Congress, we reau-thorized the Debbie Smith DNA Back-log Reduction Program, named for my brave friend Debbie Smith who waited for years after being attacked before her rape kit was tested and the perpe-trator was caught. I included language in the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 to increase services and funding for sur-vivors of sexual assault and further re-duce the rape kit backlog. I thank Senator C
ORNYN for working with me to pass this important legisla-tion today. The programs authorized through the Justice for All Act are a smart use of taxpayer dollars that en-sure the integrity of our justice sys-tem. Senators who talk about the need to go after criminals and promote pub-lic safety should support our legisla-tion, which I hope we can enact into law this year. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I commend Senator C
ORNYN and the ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, Senator L
EAHY , for their work on the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, which today passed the Senate. I also want to thank the spon-sors for agreeing to accept, as part of this reauthorization measure, some transparency language that I devel-oped. This language also passed the Senate today by unanimous consent in the form of a floor amendment to the Justice for All Reauthorization Act. The purpose of the original Justice for All Act, on which many of us worked during congressional consider-ation of the measure in 2004, is to pro-tect crime victims’ rights, authorize resources to reduce backlogs of unanalyzed DNA evidence from crime scenes and convicted offenders, and ex-pand the DNA testing capacity of the Nation’s crime laboratories. The stat-ute also authorizes resources for test-ing DNA evidence to protect the inno-cent from wrongful convictions. By working together in a bipartisan fash-ion, our colleagues have produced leg-islation that will extend these pro-grams for several more years. The purpose of my amendment to this reauthorization measure is to in-crease the transparency and promote accountability of many DNA-related programs and activities that are ad-ministered by the Justice Depart-ment’s Office of Justice Programs. We have all seen the recent articles in USA Today, ProPublica, and elsewhere that suggest we may need to take addi-tional steps to effectively accomplish the goals of these programs. In par-ticular, these articles have raised ques-tions about the DNA capacity enhance-ment and backlog reduction program, which is administered by OJP’s Na-tional Institute of Justice. We don’t fully understand, for exam-ple, why significant backlogs of DNA evidence from crimes of murder and sexual violence persist, despite the ap-propriation of more than $1 billion by Congress for the DNA programs that are authorized under the Justice for All Act. The U.S. Government Ac-countability Office, in a 2013 report en-titled ‘‘DOJ Could Improve Decision- Making Documentation and Better As-sess Results of DNA Backlog Reduction Program Funds,’’ suggested that NIJ could better document the rationale for its yearly funding priorities and take additional steps to verify the reli-ability of grantee performance data. The Justice Department’s inspector general also suggested, in a March 2016 audit report of the DNA program, that NIJ’s process for identifying grantees with the potential for generating pro-gram income needs improvement. My transparency language, which is modeled on accountability language that already applies to grant recipients under the STOP grant program, is de-signed to elicit more information about how the funds appropriated for Justice for All Act programs are being used in practice. First, it would require the Attorney General to annually re-port to Congress, for each recipient of DNA grants, the amounts distributed to each grant recipient, the purposes for which these funds were used, and each recipient’s progress in achieving those purposes. Second, under this amendment, the Attorney General must summarize the types of DNA samples submitted to crime labs, the average time it took to test these DNA samples, and the proportion of each grant that went to private crime labs. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, it would require the Attorney General to evaluate the effectiveness of grant amounts in increasing crime labs’ ca-pacity and reducing backlogs of DNA evidence. The amendment I sponsored also in-cludes some language that is designed to ensure we avoid duplication in grant programs, as well as a provision that is intended to enhance crime victims’ ac-cess to restitution. I thank Senator L
ANKFORD , who cosponsored the amendment, for suggesting the inclu-sion of the antiduplication language, which is modeled on language that I led the Judiciary Committee in approv-ing as part of several other measures before our committee. Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , who also cosponsored this amendment, also deserves credit for suggesting the addition of restitution language. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.025 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4277 June 16, 2016 
In closing, I want to again extend my appreciation to Senators C
ORNYN and L
EAHY for their hard work on this measure, which our Judiciary Com-mittee reported last month and con-gratulate them on Senate passage of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016. Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the House message accompanying S. 524. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House insist upon its amendments to the bill (S. 524) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use,’’ and ask a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
COMPOUND MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I move that the Senate disagree to the amendments of the House, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and the Presiding Officer appoint the following conferees: Senators G
RASS -
LEY, A LEXANDER , H ATCH , S ESSIONS , L
EAHY , MURRAY , and W YDEN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is now pending. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. McCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to disagree to the House amendments, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and the Presiding Officer appoint the following conferees: Senators Grassley, Alexander, Hatch, Sessions, Leahy, Murray, and Wyden with respect to S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General and Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, and to provide for the establish-ment of an inter-agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medica-tion, and for other purposes. John McCain, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, Rob Portman, Roger F. Wicker, Richard Burr, Joni Ernst, David Vitter, James M. Inhofe, Dean Heller, Pat Roberts, Lamar Alex-ander, Ron Johnson, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, Mitch McConnell. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXVIII, there will now be up to 2 hours of debate equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I wish to start by commending the ma-jority leader who just came to the floor and offered a motion to go to con-ference on CARA, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016. This is an incredibly important piece of legislation because it will allow the U.S. Congress to be a better partner in fighting against this heroin and pre-scription drug epidemic that is seizing our communities. This is a big step today because it says we are going to send a few Sen-ators over to work with the House to come up with a consensus bill between CARA, which passed in this body on March 10, by the way, by a 94-to-1 vote. That never happens around here, and it happened because after 2
1⁄2weeks of de-bate on the floor, everybody realized this is an issue that had to be ad-dressed and that the legislation we came up with was the sensible and re-sponsible way to do it. It was legislation we developed over a 3-year period. Senator W
HITEHOUSE and I were the leads on it. We had five con-ferences here in Washington, bringing experts in from around the country. We took the best ideas, regardless of where they came from, and came up with a way to deal with the prevention and education aspect of this, to prevent people from getting into the funnel of addiction in the first place, but then, for those who are addicted, to treat ad-diction like the disease that it is, to get them into the treatment and recov-ery services that they need, as well as to help our law enforcement; specifi-cally, to help our law enforcement with regard to Narcan, which is naloxone, which helps to stop the overdose deaths. We also help to get prescription drugs off of people’s shelves and to avoid this issue of people getting into the issue of opioid addiction, some-times inadvertently, through prescrip-tion drug overprescribing. This is a bill that actually addresses the problem in a responsible way. It is comprehensive. The House then passed its own legis-lation. They passed 18 separate bills, smaller bills, not as comprehensive but which included some good ideas that were not in the Senate bill; one, for in-stance, raising the cap on doctors who are treating people with Suboxone. Some of those ideas should be incor-porated as well, but the point is, we have to move and move quickly. If we think about this, since the Sen-ate passed its legislation, which was on March 10, we have unfortunately seen roughly 129 people a day lose their lives to overdoses. So many thousands of Americans have lost their lives even since March 10. This legislation takes the right step to address that problem and not to address just those who have overdosed and died but those who are casualties of this epidemic, who have therefore lost their job, lost their fam-ily, lost their ability to be able to func-tion. As I talk to recovering addicts around my State of Ohio, I hear the same thing again and again: The drugs become everything, and this does cause families to be torn apart. It does cause crime. When I talk to prosecutors in my State, they tell me that most of the crime—in one county, recently a county prosecutor told me that 80 per-cent of the crime is due to this heroin and prescription drug epidemic. So this is one we must address for so many reasons, and we must address it right away. I am pleased we are finally appoint-ing conferees. I hope the other side will not consider blocking this because we need to move on with this to get this legislation to the President’s desk. We have been talking with the House about their legislation that was passed subsequent to our legislation and talk-ing about how to make some of these compromises to be able to come up with a consensus bill. I think we are very close. Again, I think there are some ideas in the House bill we should incorporate, and I think there are some ideas in the Senate bill that must be included in the House bill that are not included now. I think one is with re-gard to recovery services. We know that the best evidence- based treatment and recovery can make a difference in turning people’s lives around, and therefore we do sup-port recovery services. For those in the field, they will tell us it is not just about the medication-assisted treat-ment, it is that longer term recovery that creates the success we are all looking for. Then, on the prevention side, we have focused more specifically on a national awareness campaign to get people again focused on this issue of the link between prescription drugs and the dangers there that are narcotic pre-scription drugs and the opioid addic-tion issue. I can’t tell you how sad it is to talk to parents back home who have lost a child because that child started on prescription drugs. In two cases, I can tell you about parents who have come to talk to me—one testified at a hearing that we had back in Cleveland, OH—two cases where the teenager went in to get a wisdom tooth extracted and was given painkillers—prescription drugs—and from that became addicted and from that went to heroin and from that, sadly, had an overdose and died. So I think this awareness is incred-ibly important because most people don’t realize that four out of five her-oin addicts in Ohio started on prescrip-tion drugs. That awareness alone will save so many lives and create the op-portunity for us to keep people out of that funnel of addiction in the first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.034 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4278 June 16, 2016 
place. The grip of addiction is so strong that once you are in it, it is a huge challenge, but it is one that can be overcome, again with the right kind of treatment and the right kind of recov-ery. Again, I am pleased that the major-ity leader came to the floor today to actually begin this process of the for-mal conference, to get this bill to the President’s desk and, more impor-tantly, to get this bill out to our com-munities so it can begin to help and it can begin to turn the tide. It is not getting better. I wish I could say it was. When I talk to people who are staffing the hotlines back home, they tell me, unfortunately, there are more calls coming in. When I talk to people in our hospitals, they tell me, unfortunately, there are more babies born with addiction who are showing up in neonatal units. There has been a 750-percent increase in my State of Ohio in babies born with addiction just in the last dozen years. Unfortunately, when I talk to people about the emergency room—I talked to an emergency room nurse last weekend when I was in Cleveland. I was at a fes-tival talking to people, and an emer-gency room nurse came up to me. I heard the same thing I have heard many times, which is you have to do something about this issue. More and more people are coming to our emer-gency rooms seeking help. Of course, it is creating an issue in terms of jobs and employment because people who are addicted often are not able to work, cannot hold down a job, and cannot pass a drug test. So it is af-fecting our economy in so many ways, and of course affecting our families. Ultimately, it is about individuals not being able to pursue their God-given purpose in life because these drugs are getting them off track. CARA passed in the Senate by a 94- to-1 vote, as I said. So there is common ground here among Republicans and Democrats alike. This is not a partisan issue. It never has been. From the start, over the last few years we have worked together. In fact, we worked with the House, not just bipartisan but bicameral, and put together legislation both Chambers could support. There were about 129 House Members who were cosponsors of the legislation that passed the Senate. Initially, we took ideas from the House and the Senate, and this is why I am a little frustrated, frankly, that we haven’t made more progress already. Now is the time to move. Let’s get this done before July 4. Let’s get it done next week. Let’s get it to the President and to our commu-nities. There is no reason for us to wait. With this step today, of the for-mal naming of the conferees, there is no reason for us not to move forward with this and move forward with it in a way that shows we can work together as a House and Senate to solve these problems. Some have said: Well, there might be some other ideas that will come up. That is fine. I hope there will be lots of new ideas that will come up because there is no silver bullet, but we know this legislation will help. We know it is comprehensive. We know it is well- thought-out. We know it is based on best practices. Let’s move forward with this now because it is urgent. One American every 12 minutes loses his or her life to overdoses. Since CARA passed, this means more than 11,000 Americans have died of overdoses. So since March 10, when this legislation passed on the Senate floor, 11,000 Americans lost their lives. Again, it doesn’t include the hundreds of thousands more who are affected in some fundamental ways. People back home get this. When I was on a tele-townhall meeting re-cently, one of my constituents called in, and he started talking about the CARA legislation and the importance of more funding for evidence-based treatment that works. There was some-thing about the way he was describing it, and I could tell this was personal. So I said: Sir, can you tell us why you know so much about this and why you are so interested? There was a pause. I knew what was coming because I heard it too many times before. He explained that he had lost his daughter. She had been in and out of treatment programs, and re-lapsed. She had been in prison and out. She had finally decided that she was ready, that she wanted to accept a treatment program to be able to turn her life around. She was in a position to do so. They took her to a treatment center to get treatment, and there was a waiting list. During the time she was on that waiting list—I believe it was 14 days—was when they found her. She had overdosed. His point was very sim-ple. You can imagine the emotion on the call. His point was very simple. When someone is ready to seek treatment, we need to have treatment available for them. We are told that eight out of ten heroin addicts—nine out of ten over-all—are not seeking treatment who need it. Some of that is because of the stigma associated with addiction. We need to wipe that stigma away to get people into treatment. Some of it is be-cause there is not the availability of treatment in some parts of Ohio. In some parts of Ohio, in some of our rural areas, there literally is no effec-tive treatment available. In other areas, in some of our urban areas, where there is good treatment avail-able and some amazing places that are doing incredible work, they do have a waiting list at some of them. We also have a waiting list with regard to some of the longer term recovery centers and residential centers in Ohio. That again is helped by this legislation. We also have difficulty with some of our detox centers in some areas of Ohio. There is not enough room in the detox center so the police don’t know where to take people to get them started in this proc-ess. We hear stories constantly back home in Ohio about this issue because, sadly, we are one of the States that is hardest hit. We are in the top five in the country in overdoses, and in fentanyl overdoses we may be No. 1. Fentanyl, by the way, is a synthetic form of heroin. People ask: Is it about prescription drugs or heroin? It is about the drugs. If it is not heroin, it may be fentanyl. If it is not fentanyl, next year it may be something else. It may go back to methamphetamines. It may be about cocaine. It is about the drugs, and we can’t take our eye off of this issue be-cause when we think we solve one prob-lem another problem will crop up. Fentanyl is produced synthetically. It is usually in the mail, and it is mailed mostly from Ohio. From our ex-perience, it is coming from China to the United States. It is made by chem-ists who don’t care about our kids or our citizens, because they are making this deadly poison. Sometimes it is mixed with heroin. Sometimes it is put into a pill form to try to indicate that it might be a prescription drug pill that people might think is more safe, which it is obviously not. This fentanyl is causing more deaths in my home-town of Cincinnati and Cleveland, OH, than heroin these days. We hear stories such as the story of Nicholas Dicillo of Cleveland, OH. Nicholas was a bright young man, a gifted musician. He had a full scholar-ship to Northwestern University. His father died of a heroin overdose when he was a child. Two decades later, sadly, Nick became a heroin addict himself after experimenting with it with some friends. It was an experi-ment, and he got addicted. I hope peo-ple who are listening today understand this is something that cannot be played with. You are playing with fire. He soon realized that he had made a tragic mistake. He said: ‘‘Heroin took me to the depths of hell.’’ That was his quote. Then his mother Celeste died of a heroin overdose in January. Nicholas was the one who found her body. That heartbreaking experience motivated Nick to get clean. He made a promise to himself that he would not suffer that same fate, the fate of both of his parents. After his mother died, he was homeless. He tried quitting cold tur-key. That didn’t work. He wasn’t able to do it. Most heroin prescription drug addicts are not. He sought help, he sought treatment, and he was clean for 2 months. 
I am just starting to like myself again. I have a whole lot more life to live. I have a whole lot more I want to do. I don’t want to become another statistic. 
But then, sadly, he relapsed. He overdosed. He was found dead with a needle in his arm on May 4 in west Cleveland, OH. Memorial services are being held for him in Cleveland this week. That is what is happening in north-east Ohio. In southwest Ohio, a woman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.016 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4279 June 16, 2016 
arrested by the Cincinnati Police pled guilty last week to repeatedly traf-ficking her own 11-year-old old daugh-ter to her 42-year-old drug dealer in ex-change for heroin. Sadly, she even gave this girl—her 11-year-old daughter— heroin. You get the picture. This is not in one ZIP Code. This is not in one com-munity. It knows no ZIP Code. It is in our rural areas, in our suburban areas, and in our inner cities. It is affecting every person regardless of their station in life, regardless of their background. No one is immune from it, and no one is unaffected by it. Ohioans know this is happening and they are taking ac-tion. That is positive. Terri Thompson, of Bluffton, OH, has founded a group called Ohio Moms Against Heroin, and I commend her for it. She has seven kids, by the way, and five of them have been addicted to heroin at one point or another over the past 20 years. They are from a middle-class Ohio home. One son went to prison. Over the next year, 12 of his peers died of heroin overdoses. Terri’s youngest daughter— a cheerleader, a soccer player, and a talented piano player—made the mis-take of trying heroin with her boy-friend. She became addicted. One of her brothers who got treatment and is now leading a productive life, is a small business owner. He encouraged her to get treatment, too, as he had gotten. She did, and now she is living a sober, clean, and a productive life. Seven hundred Ohio moms have now joined Terri’s group. We already know they have been saving people. They tell me a story about one woman who con-tacted the group when she needed treatment. Terri personally picked her up and drove her to detox and the woman has been clean for 3 months and is now back on track. On June 18, Terri and dozens of other moms will be ral-lying and marching in Findlay, OH, to educate people that addiction is a dis-ease and it needs to be treated. Again, I commend her. I want to thank Terri and all those involved in this body. She is a brave woman who is channeling her grief toward something construc-tive, and that is helping others to avoid this disease. In my hometown of Cincinnati, the Center for Addiction Treatment, also known as the CAT House, has an-nounced a $5.7 million capital cam-paign to construct a new 17,000-square foot building to address the opioid epi-demic. This will triple their capacity to be able to treat more patients. They will be able to treat about 6,000 pa-tients. They do great work, and they have had great success. Construction has already begun. It is expected to be completed within a year. I want to thank everyone who has made that possible, including the folks at the CAT House, but also the State of Ohio, the city of Cincinnati, the Dea-coness Health Associations Founda-tion, and Bethesda, Inc. The University of Cincinnati former law school dean emeritus, Joe Tomain, who is a friend of mine, has been speak-ing out about this epidemic, writing in the Cincinnati Enquirer: ‘‘There is no more urgent need in our community than to address this drug scourge.’’ I think he is right. I want to thank him for doing his part in helping to lend his voice to those who don’t have a voice. I know the scope of this epidemic can sometimes feel overwhelming. I know the way we talked about it today, it has to be frustrating to everybody hearing it. What are the solutions? How can we get at this? But we know there is hope. We know that prevention can work. It is the right kind of pre-vention, if it is focused and targeted. We know that treatment and recovery can work. I have given you examples of that. Again, it has to be evidence- based. It has to be stuff that we are funding here because it works, not be-cause we want to throw more money at a problem. Reggie Gant, of Columbus, OH, was a married father of three who had a good job working at a paint company. He tore his rotator cuff. He was in pain. His doctor prescribed Percocet for his pain. He became addicted. When his doctor stopped filling the prescription, he started buying off of other people in the doctor’s waiting room. When the pills weren’t available or were too ex-pensive, which is often the problem for these prescription drug addicts who turn to heroin, he switched to heroin. It was less expensive. It was more available. He was trapped in the funnel of addiction, and the drug became ev-erything. He lost his relationship with his wife and his kids. He started steal-ing from his workplace. ‘‘I did things I never thought I would do in a million years,’’ he said. As I said earlier, the drugs are every-thing. But he got treatment, spending 40 days at an inpatient facility. He has been clean for 6 months. He is getting help from the Lima Urban Minority Al-coholism and Drug Abuse Outreach Program. He is beating this because he was able to step forward and get into treatment. It was there for him. People can beat this, and they do every day. Experts tell us 9 out of 10 of those who need treatment aren’t getting it. As I said earlier, some of that is be-cause of the stigma, and some of that is because of lack of access to facilities in their communities. This House ef-fort that was undertaken with 18 sepa-rate bills combined with the Senate bill, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, will make a difference. It will provide more help to the type of treatment programs and re-covery efforts that actually work. If we can get this comprehensive bill to the President, we can help more peo-ple who are struggling to get treat-ment. We can help give them more hope. It is time to act and act quickly to find common ground before we lose more of our fellow Americans. Let’s get this comprehensive bill into law and begin to help those millions of our fel-low citizens who are struggling with this epidemic. Thank you, Madam President. I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM  
Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, our Na-tion is at war. Five days ago, we saw a horrific terror attack in Orlando, FL. From September 11 to the Boston Mar-athon, from Fort Hood to Chattanooga, from San Bernardino to this attack in Orlando, radical Islamic terrorism has declared jihad on America. As the facts have unfolded, they now indicate that the Orlando terrorist had pledged his allegiance to ISIS in the process of murdering 49 and wounding more than 50 at a nightclub. All of our hearts go out to those who were murdered. To the families of those who were victims and who are grieving, we stand in solidarity, we lift them up in prayer at this horrific act of terrorism. But it is also a time for action. We need a Commander in Chief who will speak the truth, who will ad-dress the enemy we face, who will un-leash the full force and fury of the American military on defeating ISIS and defeating radical Islamic terror-ists. In the wake of the attack, many of us predicted what would unfold, and it was, sadly, the same political tale we have seen over and over again. Many of us predicted that Democrats would, as a matter of rigid partisan ideology, refuse even to say the words ‘‘radical Islamic terrorist’’; that they would suggest this attack was yet another isolated incident, one lone criminal, not connected to any global ideology, not connected to any global jihad; and that, even worse, they would try to use it as an excuse to go after the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citi-zens. I wish, when we predicted that, that we had been proven incorrect. But this week played out all too predict-ably. Yesterday we saw a political show on the Senate floor, with Democrat after Democrat standing for hours, incensed not at ISIS, incensed not at radical Is-lamic terrorism, but incensed that Americans have a right to keep and bear arms. This is political distraction. This is political gamesmanship. I think the American people find it ridiculous that in response to an ISIS terror at-tack, the Democrats go on high dudg-eon that we have to restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citi-zens. This is not a gun control issue. This is a terrorism issue. And it is nothing less than political gamesman-ship for them to try to shift to their fa-vorite hobbyhorse of taking away the Bill of Rights from law-abiding citi-zens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.017 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4280 June 16, 2016 
I have spent years defending the Sec-ond Amendment—the right to keep and bear arms—the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights, and I, along with the Presiding Officer, along with a great many Members of this Chamber, am committed to defending the constitu-tional rights of every American. You don’t defeat terrorism by taking away our guns; you defeat terrorism by using our guns. This body should not be en-gaged in a political circus trying to re-strict the Second Amendment. Instead, we should be focusing on the problem at hand. Why did we see yesterday’s series of speeches? Because Senate Democrats have an election coming up in Novem-ber, and they don’t want to talk about the real issue. Let’s talk about ISIS. Let’s talk about radical Islamic ter-rorism. Let’s talk about the failures of the last 7 years of this administration to keep this country safe. In response to my criticism and that of many others, President Obama gave a press conference where he said, echo-ing the words of Hillary Clinton: What difference does it make if we call it radical Islamic terrorism? Well, Mr. President, it makes a world of dif-ference because the failure to address the enemy impacts every action taken to fight that enemy. I want to talk in particular about three areas where this administration and the Senate Democrats’ refusal to confront radical Islamic terrorism has made America less safe and what we need to do about it. Let’s start with prevention. Over and over again we have seen the Obama administration having ample information to stop a terrorist attack. Yet, because of the political correctness, because of the ideology of this administration that will not even say the word ‘‘jihad,’’ will not even say the words ‘‘radical Is-lamic terrorism,’’ they look the other way, and the attacks go forward. In my home State of Texas, Fort Hood, Nidal Hasan—the Obama admin-istration knew that Nidal Hasan had been in communication with the rad-ical Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki. The Obama administration knew that Nidal Hasan had asked al-Awlaki about the permissibility of waging jihad against his fellow soldiers. All of that was known beforehand, yet they did nothing. They did nothing. And on that fateful day, Nidal Hasan murdered 14 innocent souls, yelling ‘‘Allahu Akbar’’ as he pulled the trigger. Yet, just to underscore the blindness of this admin-istration even after the terror attack, the administration insisted on charac-terizing that terror attack as ‘‘work-place violence.’’ That is nothing short of delusion, and it is a delusion that cost 14 lives. If we know of a U.S. servicemember who is communicating with a radical Islamic cleric and asking about waging jihad against his fellow soldiers, MPs should show up at that individual’s door within minutes. And if we didn’t have an administration that plunged its head in the sand like an ostrich and refused to acknowledge radical Islamic terrorism, Nidal Hasan would have been stopped before he carried out that horrific act of terrorism. Likewise, with the Boston bombing and the Tsarnaev brothers, Russia had informed the Obama administration they were connected with radical Is-lamic terrorism. We knew that. The FBI had gone and interviewed them. Yet, once again, they dropped the ball. They stopped monitoring them. They didn’t even note when the elder Tsarnaev brother posted on YouTube a public call to jihad. Mind you, this did not require complicated surveillance. This was YouTube. Anyone with a com-puter who could type in ‘‘Google’’ could see this. Yet, because the admin-istration will not acknowledge that we are fighting radical Islamic terrorism, they were not watching and moni-toring the Tsarnaev brothers. So they called for public jihad and then carried out that public jihad with pressure cookers at the Boston Marathon—yet another example where we knew about the individual beforehand, and if we had focused prevention on the problem, we could have stopped it. A third example was San Bernardino, that horrific terror attack. Once again, we had ample information about the individuals in question. The female ter-rorist who came to San Bernardino had given the administration a fake ad-dress in Pakistan. Yet the so-called vetting that this administration tells us they do had failed to discover that it was a fake address. She had made calls for jihad; yet the administration failed to discover that. In San Bernardino, we saw yet another horrific terror attack. And how about Orlando? Let’s talk about what the facts are in Orlando. Now, we are only 5 days in. The facts will develop further as they are more fully developed, but here is what has been publicly reported. What has been publicly reported is that Omar Mateen was interviewed not once, not twice, but three times by the FBI in 2013 and 2014. One of the reasons he was interviewed by the FBI was that he was talking in his place of employ-ment, which, ironically and shockingly enough, was a contractor to the De-partment of Homeland Security, and he was talking about being connected to terrorist organizations, including the Boston bombers. To any rational per-son, that is a big red flag. Yet it has also been reported that his coworkers were so afraid to say anything because they didn’t want to be labeled as some-how anti-Muslim by speaking out about someone claiming to be con-nected to radical Islamic terrorists. We also know that when he was ques-tioned by the FBI in 2004, according to public reports, it was because he was believed to have been connected to and knew Moner Mohammad Abusalha, who traveled to Syria to join the terrorist organization al-Nusra Front and who became the first known American sui-cide bomber in the Syrian conflict. That is yet another big red flag. If you are palling around with al-Nusra sui-cide bombers, that ought to be a real flag. If the administration is focused on radical Islamic terrorism, this is an in-dividual we ought to be watching. We know that Mateen, as it has been reported, traveled to Mecca in Saudi Arabia for 10 days on March 2011 and for 8 days in March 2012. And we also have indications that the FBI may have been aware that he was a follower of the Islamist educational Web site run by radical Imams. Not only that, but his father has posted online videos expressing not only sympathy but ar-guably support for the Taliban. All of that is what the Obama administration knew. Yet by Sunday morning they were no longer watching Omar Mateen. They were no longer watching Omar Mateen. They were not monitoring him, and he was able to go in and com-mit a horrific act of murder. The question that every Member of this body should be asking is, Why is the ball being dropped over and over and over again? It is not once. It is not twice. It is a pattern. It is a pattern of failing to connect the dots. I would suggest it is directly connected to President Obama and this administra-tion’s refusal to acknowledge what it is we are fighting. If you direct the pre-vention efforts to stopping radical Is-lamic terrorism—we had all the infor-mation we had on Mateen to keep a very close eye on him. Yet if that is not what you are fighting, then you close the investigation and yet another attack goes forward. I would suggest that this willful blindness is one of the reasons we saw the circus yesterday on the Senate floor. Senate Democrats should be ask-ing these questions, yet we don’t hear them asking those questions. Instead, they want to shift this to gun control. They want to shift this to putting the Federal Government in charge of ap-proving every firearms transaction be-tween law-abiding citizens in America. Mind you, that would not have pre-vented this attack. Mind you, it was not directed at the evil of this attack. Mind you, it ignores the global jihad we are facing, but it is a convenient po-litical dodge. We need serious leader-ship focused on keeping this country safe. A second component of keeping this country safe is defeating ISIS—utterly and completely defeating ISIS. In yesterday’s circus, when calling for taking away your and my constitu-tional rights, how often did Senate Democrats say: Let’s utterly destroy ISIS. Not with the pinprick attacks we are seeing, not with the photo-op for-eign policy of this administration—a failed effort that leaves the terrorists laughing at us—but instead, using overwhelming airpower; instead, using the concerted power of the U.S. mili-tary, with rules of engagement that allow us to fight and win. Right now, sending our service men and women into combat with rules of engagement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.019 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4281 June 16, 2016 
tying their hands behind their backs is wrong, it is immoral, and it is not ac-complishing the task. Do you want a response to the Or-lando attacks? President Obama and Vice President B
IDEN are going down. They will no doubt give a self-right-eous speech about gun control, trying to strip away the rights of law-abiding Americans. How about they stand up and have the President pledge that ISIS will be driven from the face of the Earth? Do you want to see a response to murdering innocent Americans? If you declare war on America, you are signing your death warrant. That is the response of a Commander in Chief. That is the seriousness we need. A third component of focusing on the enemy is that we should focus on keep-ing us safe—in particular, passing two pieces of legislation, both of which I in-troduced, the first of which is the Ex-patriate Terrorist Act. This is legisla-tion which provides that if any Amer-ican citizen goes and takes up arms and joins ISIS, joins a radical Islamic terrorist group, that he or she forfeits their U.S. citizenship. So you do not have American citizens coming back to America with U.S. passports to wage jihad on America. We have seen Ameri-cans such as Jose Padilla, Anwar al- Awlaki, and Faisal Shahzad, just to name a few, who have abandoned their country and joined with the terrorists in waging war against us. Just this week, the CIA Director testified to the Senate that more are coming; ISIS in-tends to send individuals back here to wage jihad. Rather than engaging in political showmanship, trying to gain partisan advantage in the November election, how about we come together and say: If you join ISIS, you are not using a U.S. passport to come back here and murder American citizens. That ought to be a unanimous agreement if we were fo-cused on keeping this country safe. Likewise, let’s talk about the prob-lem of refugees. What are the con-sequences of the willful blindness of this administration that President Obama, in the face of this terror at-tack, says that he will admit some 10,000 Syrian Muslim refugees, despite the fact that the FBI Director has told Congress he cannot possibly vet them to determine if they are terrorists? Here is what FBI Director Comey said: 
We can only query against that which we have collected. And so if someone has never made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their inter-est reflected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home, but there will be nothing to show up because we have no record of them. 
This is an FBI Director who was ap-pointed by President Obama who is telling the administration they cannot vet these refugees. Yet what does the administration say? What does Hillary Clinton say? What do the Senate Democrats say? Let the refugees in, even though ISIS is telling us they are going to use those refugees to send ter-rorists here to come and murder us. This transcends mere partisan dis-agreement; this is lunacy. We know the Paris attack was car-ried out in part by people who came in using the refugee program, taking ad-vantage of the refugee program. In-deed, earlier this year, on January 6, 2016, Omar Faraj Saeed Al Hardan, a Palestinian born in Iraq who entered the United States as a refugee in 2009, was charged with attempting to pro-vide support to ISIS. He wanted to set off bombs using cell phone detonators at two malls in my hometown of Hous-ton, TX. This is a refugee who came from Iraq. Yet, do you hear the admin-istration saying: This is a dangerous world. Jihadists are attempting to kill us. We have to keep us safe. They don’t say that. The legislation I have introduced, which I would urge this body to take up, would impose a 3-year moratorium on refugees coming from any nation where ISIS or Al Qaeda or radical Is-lamic terrorists control a substantial portion of the territory. We can help with humanitarian efforts. We can help resettling refugees in majority Muslim countries in the Middle East. America is a compassionate country that has given more than 10 times as much money as any country on Earth to car-ing for refugees. But being compas-sionate doesn’t mean we are suicidal. It doesn’t mean we invite to America, we invite to our homes people who the FBI cannot tell us if they are terrorists or not. What should this Senate be doing? We shouldn’t be engaging in a sideshow of gun control. By the way, I will say on behalf of a lot of American citizens, in the wake of this terror attack, it is offensive. I sat in that chair and pre-sided yesterday over some of the show. It was offensive to see Democrat after Democrat prattling on about the NRA. It wasn’t the NRA that murdered 49 people in Orlando. It wasn’t the NRA that set up pressure cookers in the Boston bombing. It wasn’t the NRA that murdered 14 innocent souls at Fort Hood. It is offensive to play polit-ical games with the constitutional rights of American citizens instead of getting serious about keeping this country safe. I would urge this body to take up both pieces of legislation—the Expa-triate Terrorist Act to prevent terror-ists from using U.S. passports to come back to America and TRIPA to prevent refugees from countries with majority control, major control from ISIS or Al Qaeda from coming in, ISIS terrorists as refugees. Those would be common-sense steps. The overwhelming major-ity of Americans would agree. Yet, in this politicized environment, that is not what our friends on the other side of the aisle want to talk about. Until we get serious about defeating radical Islamic terrorists, we will continue to lose innocents. I would note one aspect of the attack on Sunday morning. It was widely re-ported that it was at a gay bar. There are a great many Democrats who are fond of calling themselves champions of the LGBT community. I would sug-gest there is no more important issue to champion in that regard than pro-tecting Americans from murder by a vicious ideology that systematically murders homosexuals, that throws them off buildings, that buries them under rocks. The regime in Iran, now supported by billions of dollars of American taxpayer dollars at the be-hest of President Obama, murders ho-mosexuals regularly. I will confess, some in the press pool were a little bit puzzled: Well, how can a Republican be speaking out against this? Let me be very clear. I am against murder. I am against murder of any American. Nobody has a right to murder anybody because they differ in faith, because they differ in sexual ori-entation, because they differ in any re-spect. We are a nation founded on pro-tecting the rights of everyone to live according to their conscience, accord-ing to their faith. This murder in Or-lando was not random; it was part of a global jihad, an ideology, an Islamist ideology that commands its adherents to murder or forcibly convert the infi-del, by whom they mean every one of us. This body should not be engaged in political games. We should be focused on the threat and keeping America safe and defeating radical Islamic terror-ists. As we remember the victims of this latest terror attack, the greatest me-morial we can give to them is to redou-ble ourselves to a seriousness of pur-pose to prevent the next terror attack from taking innocent American lives. I hope that is what this body does. I hope we do so in a bipartisan manner. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST ). The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I am a proud cosponsor of the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act, and I am glad that this important bill is now going to be moving to conference. I am glad that as the senior Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, I will be a conferee. Beyond the idea of being a conferee, it is urgent that we find comprehensive and real solutions to the epidemic of heroin and prescription opioid abuse. I am in Vermont many times a month. I hear from people I know and from some I do not know. They are in the grocery stores, on the street, even coming out of church on Sunday. They are telling me of their concerns either within their own family or in their own neigh-borhood with the problems of opioid abuse. Communities throughout the Nation are grappling with this issue, whether they are in urban areas or rural areas or a State such as the Pre-siding Officer and I represent that has a mixture of both urban and rural. I think the Federal Government has to do its part to provide the support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.021 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4282 June 16, 2016 
necessary to sustain those efforts. It means real money. For rural commu-nities, which are predominantly the communities in my home State of Vermont, it means better access to the opioid antidote Naloxone, which saves lives. I have held hearings throughout Vermont, and I have heard from not only the police but physicians, the faith community, parents, teachers, and others that Naloxone can save lives. It is really not a question of whether there is a heroin-opioid epidemic; the question is how quickly we can re-spond. We have to act now. The Amer-ican people expect us to, and that is an expectation they are justified to have. So let us fulfill the expectation. I support the efforts by my neighbor from New Hampshire, Senator S
HA-
HEEN , and I support her motion to in-struct conferees to provide funding for State and local efforts to combat the opioid epidemic. I also support my fellow New Englander, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , in his motion to instruct conferees to address the needs of rural communities. I come from a State of 625,000 people—625,000 very special people. It is very rural. We need the help. I support Senator W
HITEHOUSE in this. I see other Senators on the floor, so I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
PUERTO RICO  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I rise today to be a voice for the 3
1⁄2mil-lion citizens living on the island of Puerto Rico. I rise so their concerns for themselves, their families, and their livelihoods will be heard—to ask that we improve House-passed legislation known as PROMESA. The word ‘‘promesa’’ in English would mean ‘‘promise,’’ but the only thing the House bill promises the people of Puer-to Rico is years of subjugation at the hands of an anti-democratic control board. All of us in this Senate will soon be faced with an immediate and serious choice, one which will have profound consequences on the people of Puerto Rico for a generation. I have said from the beginning, in terms of the chal-lenge Puerto Rico has—a $70 billion debt; pays one-third of every dollar it receives toward paying interest, which is unsustainable for them and unsustainable for any governmental entity that would face that challenge; made tough, horrible decisions—closed schools, closed hospitals, reduced pub-lic safety—and still cannot meet the challenge. They need a clear path to re-structuring. That is not a bailout. A bailout is when somebody has a debt, you bring them the money and say, OK, we are going take care of your debt, but that is not the case. Restructuring is about taking the debt you have and giving the wherewithal for that debt to be restructured in a way that is both sustainable and can take care of the obligations therein. It needs an oversight board that rep-resents the people, the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico, their needs and their con-cerns, and acknowledges and respects their Democratic rights as Americans, but, sadly, the legislation passed by the House last week falls far short of what we need on several fronts. Instead of offering a clear path to restruc-turing, it creates more obstacles. It creates a supermajority 5-to-2 vote by an unelected control board to get to the possibility of restructuring that could derail the island’s attempts to achieve sustainable debt payments. Without any authority to restructure its debt, all this legislation will do is take away the Democratic rights of 31⁄2 million Americans and leave the future to wishful thinking and a prayer that the crisis will somehow be resolved. Even if the board did allow restruc-turing after a series of hurdles, it will come at a steep price, and that price is the right of self-governance. In return for being able to rework its debts, the people of Puerto Rico will be forced to relinquish their fundamental right to govern themselves and make their own decisions, the very same rights we fought to secure in a revolu-tion 240 years ago. What I am saying shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone who read the House Natural Resources Committee report, which was unequivocal when describing the vast powers this control board will exercise, which we will be voting on. In an analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, it states: ‘‘The board would have broad sovereign powers to effectively overrule decisions by Puerto Rico’s legislature, governor and other public authorities.’’ Let me repeat that. They will have broad sovereign powers. Words have consequences and meaning in legisla-tion and in law. They will have broad sovereign powers to effectively over-rule decisions made by the elected gov-ernment of the 3
1⁄2million U.S. citizens who call Puerto Rico their home. The Congressional Budget Office went on to say that the Board can ‘‘ef-fectively nullify’’—cancel, goodbye, hasta la vista—‘‘any new laws or poli-cies adopted by Puerto Rico that did not conform to requirements specified in the bill.’’ So not only can the con-trol board set budgets and fiscal policy, it also has the power to veto other laws. Essentially, this means that the Board combines—think of this—the legislative powers of Congress with the veto powers of the Executive to form an omnipotent entity, the powers which are virtually unprecedented. We talk about checks and balances in our government as one of the creations by the Founders which was essential to a modern democracy. Well, we obliterate the checks and balances and the rights of the people of Puerto Rico by having an omnipotent entity, the powers of which are virtually unprecedented. As the bill’s own author noted in the markup memo, and I quote, ‘‘[T]he Oversight Board may impose manda-tory cuts on Puerto Rico’s government and instrumentalities—a power far be-yond that exercised by the Control Board established for the District of Columbia, when there was a control board, when the District of Columbia found itself in Fiscal Challenge.’’ The fact that the Puerto Rican peo-ple will have absolutely no say over who is appointed or what action this Board decides is blatant neocolonialism. Instead, their fate will be determined by seven unelected, un-accountable members of a so-called oversight board that will act as a vir-tual oligarchy and impose their un-checked will on the island. If the Board uses the superpowers in this bill to close schools, shutter more hospitals, cut senior citizens’ pensions to the bone, if it decides to hold a fire sale and put Puerto Rico’s natural wonders on the auction block to the highest bidder, if it puts balanced budgets ahead of the health, safety, and well- being of children and families similar to the control board travesty that un-folded in Flint, there will be nothing the people of Puerto Rico or their elected representatives can do to stop them. Of course the bill doesn’t stop there. It also provides an exception to the Federal minimum wage for younger workers, and it exempts the island from recently finalized overtime pro-tections. At a time when we are work-ing to increase workers’ wages, the people in the country have said through this election process: My wages are stagnant, and I feel I can’t meet the challenges of myself and my family, PROMESA goes in the opposite direction, and it actually cuts workers’ wages. It amazes me that the solution to get Puerto Rico’s economy growing again is to ensure that workers make even less money. The island consists of 31⁄2million U.S. citizens, 40 percent of which are below the Federal poverty level, and now we are going to cut their wages. Lowering people’s wages is not a pro-growth strategy. What it is, is a pro-migration strategy. All it will do is intensify outmigration to the main-land, where people who are U.S. citi-zens and happen to live in Puerto Rico are eligible for a higher minimum wage here, where they would have common-sense overtime protections, are eligible for full Medicare, Medicaid reimburse-ment, are eligible for the child tax credit as they try to raise their child and realize their hopes and dreams and aspirations, are eligible for the earned- income tax credit—all they have to do is take one flight to the United States. Yet we somehow think that a policy that subjugates these 3
1⁄2million citi-zens and takes away essential rights they have as American citizens is going to be a good fiscal policy for us as well. Every time I talk about my brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico, I like to re-mind my colleagues in this Chamber and in the other that they have fought on behalf of America since World War 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.022 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4283 June 16, 2016 
I. They have fought in World War II, the Korean war, Vietnam, Desert Storm, Desert Shield, Iraq, Afghani-stan, and the War on Terror. As a mat-ter of fact, if you go and visit the Viet-nam Memorial as it commemorates its 50th anniversary, you will find a dis-proportionately high number of Puerto Rican names etched in that solemn black stone as compared to the rest of the American population. I remember being in the Visitor Cen-ter when the Speaker of the House had a celebration of the 65th Infantry Divi-sion, an all-Puerto Rican division, one of the most highly decorated in U.S. history, known as the Borinqueneers. They received the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest honor Congress gives any citizen. We talked about their enormous con-tributions, their sacrifices on behalf of the Nation. These men and women— many of whom gave their lives—still serve so we can remain the land of the free. They will go back home to where their freedom and their right to self- governance will be stripped. These he-roes deserve the same rights and re-spect as U.S. citizens in New Jersey, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Florida, Utah, or any other State in the Nation, but what this bill tells the people of Puerto Rico is this: Though you may be good enough to wear the uniform of your country, you may be good enough to fight and die to defend the United States, you are not good enough to make your own decisions, govern your-self, and have a voice in your own fu-ture. I am not advocating to completely remove all oversight powers—to the contrary. I support helping Puerto Rico make informed, prudent decisions that put it on the path to economic growth and solvency. Despite its name, the oversight board envisioned by this bill doesn’t simply oversee, it directs and commands. It doesn’t assist. It ab-solutely controls potentially every sig-nificant public policy decision that af-fects those 3
1⁄2million U.S. citizens. The Senate has an opportunity to change that situation. We have a chance to improve this bill and strike the right balance. I want the oppor-tunity to offer a number of targeted, commonsense amendments to restore a proper balance and ensure the people of Puerto Rico have a say in their future and to temper the powers of the con-trol board and give the people of Puer-to Rico more of a say as to who is on the Board that is going to determine their future for quite some time. I know, as all of us do, that success is never guaranteed, but at the very least, the people of Puerto Rico deserve a thorough and thoughtful debate on the Senate floor. I do not take lightly, nor should my colleagues, a decision to infringe upon the Democratic rights of the 3
1⁄2mil-lion U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico. Those 3
1⁄2million American citizens living in Puerto Rico and their 5 million family members living in our States and our districts deserve more than the Senate holding its nose to improve an inferior solution. I am pleased to say that this senti-ment has some bipartisan support. I sent a letter, with Senator WICKER , to Senate leadership asking for a full and thorough debate. I hope we do not get jammed at the final moment as an at-tempt to push an undemocratic bill through the Senate by waiting until the very end of this session as a tac-tical maneuver to avoid a thoughtful debate and an opportunity for amend-ments. I took Majority Leader M
CCONNELL  at his word when he said: ‘‘We need to open up the legislative process in a way that allows more amendments from both sides.’’ I am hopeful he will honor that commitment. Like some of my colleagues, I was once a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives, and I have enormous re-spect for that Chamber, but I didn’t get elected to the Senate to abdicate my responsibility and simply rubberstamp whatever bills come over from the House of Representatives. I would hope we would immediately call up this bill for debate and do what we were elected to do—fix problems and make the lives of the American people better. Just because these 3
1⁄2million citi-zens are Puerto Rican, they are no less a citizen than you or the Presiding Of-ficer or my colleagues who are on the floor or those who get to serve in this institution. They deserve better. They deserve better than to be jammed with an undemocratic process that will af-fect their lives in ways far beyond any-body in this Chamber would be willing to accept. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the manda-tory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that following and notwithstanding the adoption of the compound motion to go to conference on S. 524, that Senator S
HAHEEN and Senator W
HITEHOUSE or their designees be recognized to each offer a motion to instruct conferees and that there be 2 minutes of debate equally divided on the motions, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Sen-ate vote on the motions to instruct conferees with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I un-derstand that prior to the cloture vote, the Democratic side still had some time. I yield back that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to disagree to the House amendments, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and the Presiding Officer appoint the following conferees: Senators Grassley, Alexander, Hatch, Sessions, Leahy, Murray, and Wyden with respect to S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General and Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, and to provide for the establish-ment of an inter-agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medica-tion, and for other purposes. John McCain, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, Rob Portman, Roger F. Wicker, Richard Burr, Joni Ernst, David Vitter, James M. Inhofe, Dean Heller, Pat Roberts, Lamar Alex-ander, Ron Johnson, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, Mitch McConnell. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to disagree to the House amendments, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and to appoint conferees with respect to S. 524, a bill to author-ize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 95, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 100 Leg.] YEAS—95 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.023 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4284 June 16, 2016 
Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—1 
Lee 
NOT VOTING—4 
Boxer Nelson Rubio Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 95, the nays are 1. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The question occurs on agreeing to the compound motion to go to con-ference on S. 524. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I have a motion to instruct the conferees at the desk, which I ask the clerk to report. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mrs. S
HAHEEN ] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on S. 524 (the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016) be instructed to insist that the final conference report include funding for prevention, treatment, and recovery associ-ated with state and local efforts needed to combat the national heroin and opioid epi-demic. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will be 2 minutes equally divided for debate. The Senator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, the opioid crisis is a national public health emergency, and it is long past time that Congress treat it like one. It is shattering families and communities, especially in New Hampshire but also all across this country. In New Hamp-shire, we are losing a person a day to drug overdoses. The CARA bill is a good bill. I co-sponsored it. I think it is important. But without real dollars, it is the equivalent of offering a life preserver with no air in it. I urge all of my colleagues to support this motion to instruct and support real funding in this bill. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, it is my understanding that the next vote, the Whitehouse vote, can go by a voice vote—sorry about that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there debate in opposition to the Senator’s motion? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The yeas and nays have been pre-viously ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 66, nays 29, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 101 Leg.] YEAS—66 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cruz Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—29 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Hatch Heller Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee McConnell Perdue Risch Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tillis Vitter 
NOT VOTING—5 
Boxer Leahy Nelson Rubio Sanders 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I have a motion to instruct conferees at the desk, which I ask the clerk to re-port. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendments to the bill S. 524 (the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016) be instructed— (1) to reject proposals that would replace the individual prevention, treatment, law en-forcement, and recovery programs author-ized in S. 524, including the incentive grant program authorized in section 601, with a single grant program with multiple allow-able uses; (2) to insist that the final conference re-port include authorizations explicitly des-ignated for grants to States, and in the case of States that do not have prescription drug monitoring programs, units of local govern-ment that do have such programs, to strengthen the use of and make improve-ments to prescription drug monitoring pro-grams; (3) to insist that the final conference re-port address the unique needs of rural com-munities, which are among the hardest hit by opioid abuse in the United States and are often in the most dire need of improved emergency services and more accessible treatment infrastructure; (4) to insist that the final conference re-port authorize those provisions of S. 1641 that were approved by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (5) to insist that the final conference re-port include the provisions of S. 1455 as re-ported by the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Colleagues, this motion to instruct has bipartisan sup-port from the authors of CARA. It re-flects the bipartisan work that was done on CARA, and we hope that this motion to instruct will get a strong bi-partisan vote. This motion supports the bipartisan Senate work on the CARA bill that passed this body 94 to 1. It supports the bipartisan language worked out be-tween Senator B
LUNT and Senator M
CCASKILL on the Missouri county pre-scription drug management program issue. It supports a focus on the rural communities for which opioid has been a plague, which is a bipartisan concern. It supports the passed bipartisan version of the veterans opioids measure from the Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. And it supports the Sen-ate HELP Committee’s passed bipar-tisan version of the bipartisan TREAT Act. If we can pull together as a Senate, we can have a really great bill. Please send the conferees a strong bipartisan vote. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I con-cur in the comments of my colleague. This is the CARA legislation which passed here on a 94-to-1 vote. This is simply a motion saying we support what we have already passed. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.006 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4285 June 16, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The result was announced—yeas 70, nays 24, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 102 Leg.] YEAS—70 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cruz Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Fischer Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—24 
Barrasso Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Flake Gardner Heller Lankford Lee Perdue Risch Roberts Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—6 
Boxer Inhofe Leahy Nelson Rubio Sanders 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from South Caro-lina. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of debate only for the next 30 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING THE VICTIMS OF THE MOTHER  
EMANUEL AME CHURCH MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, a few weeks ago, when I started preparing to give this speech, I must admit I was overwhelmed with emotion. One year ago tomorrow, a brutal attack, fueled by hate, led to the deaths of nine pa-rishioners at Mother Emanuel AME Church in my hometown of Charleston, SC. A year later, the idea that someone’s heart could be filled with so much anger and venom is still jarring. Then, over the weekend, we saw it again. In Orlando, FL, a brutal attack, fueled by hate, led to the deaths of 49 people at the Pulse nightclub. This was an assault against the people of Or-lando, the State of Florida, and the United States as a whole. We can, and we will, have a much longer discussion on ISIS, Islamic ter-ror, and the steps that must be taken in those areas. But today, as Orlando mourns and Charleston remembers, I want to return to 365 days ago and show how, with the world watching, love overcame hate. On the night of June 17, 2015, I was here in Washington. Much like this week, we were debating the NDAA and our military priorities. But in Charles-ton, there was a Bible study. Cynthia Hurd, Susie Jackson, Ethel Lee Lance, Depayne Middleton-Doctor, Tywanza Sanders, Daniel Simmons, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, Myra Thompson, Felicia Sanders and her 5-year-old granddaughter, Polly Sheppard, and my friend, the Reverend Clementa Pinckney, had gathered together for a Bible study at Mother Emanuel. Among them was a young man who was new to Emanuel—a young man they welcomed into their presence with God’s love. While they did not and could not possibly see the darkness in his heart, they showed him the loving nature of their own hearts—so much so that he later told police that he al-most, almost did not go through with this vicious, vile attack because every-one was so nice to him. But, tragically, almost was not enough. In an instant, the horrors unleashed by this young man changed South Carolina forever. I remember getting a phone call about 9 o’clock p.m. on that Wednesday night from one of my friends at the Sheriff’s office about the shooting at Mother Emanuel. Reports continued to come in, and so I texted my friend, Clementa Pinckney, hoping that he would respond and tell me what was going on at the church. I am looking at my texts from June 17, 2015, at 10:31 p.m. I asked him: Are you and your parishioners OK? It was met with silence—silence that is still deafening, silence that I will never for-get. He should have been able to text back. He should have been able to go home and see his family, raise his daughters. He should have been able to have gone on and finished his work as a State senator in the statehouse and to continue spreading God’s love. As we people of faith know, sometimes things simply don’t go as they are planned. But as the families of the Emanuel nine showed you, God had a plan. Within 48 hours, these men and women set the tone for my grieving city, my grieving State, and my griev-ing Nation. On Friday morning, about 36 hours later, looking into the killer’s eyes, they said to the killer of their family members: ‘‘I forgive you.’’ Family member after family mem-ber, nine consecutive times, to the shock and the amazement of the world that was watching, said: ‘‘I forgive you.’’ Your life can be better in God’s hands. Those of us here today cannot even imagine how hard that must have been—how in their immense grief, these families chose to take this unique path. But they did. We as a na-tion, as a State, and certainly as a city are forever thankful. I am fortunate enough to have had the opportunity to talk to many and all of the families at some point. I con-tinue to be amazed at their grace, their dignity, and their righteousness. They have truly been the rock on which we all stand. In the days and weeks after the shooting, Charleston and South Carolina came together like never be-fore. As the clergy and parishioners at Mother Emanuel said after the attack: ‘‘Wrong church, wrong people, wrong day.’’ It was the wrong place to try and sow the seeds of discord. It was the wrong people to try and break their faith and the wrong day to try and bring down the people of South Carolina. Last summer, we saw chapters of his-tory close and new ones open. While the debate over the Confederate flag may be the most widespread symbol of Emanuel’s aftermath, the actions and words of folks across Charleston and South Carolina are the most enduring. Looking ahead, we have come so far, but we certainly still face many chal-lenges. It is going to take a lot of effort and strength to stand together in times of division. It is going to be hard some-times in a world that is too often so full of hate to know that we are still taking steps forward, and it is going to require a continuing conversation on issues that are uncomfortable for some but necessary for all. So where are we headed from here? Three words show where I believe that we, as a nation, are headed. These three words show where I believe we, as a nation, must head. They are simple words—words found in 1 Corinthians 13: faith, hope, and love. We saw these in abundance throughout South Carolina over the past year, and they remain our final goal. As I head back to Charleston tonight, I will be thinking about the events honoring the Emanuel nine tomorrow. I am certain there will be tears—lots of tears. There will be moments, as there have been in the last few minutes, when it will be hard to speak, to truly show what all of this means to all of us, but the world will also see this from Charleston, SC: They will see that you can cannot destroy love with hate and that you cannot kill the spirit. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.033 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4286 June 16, 2016 
have not been torn down by this fury of hate, but instead we will continue to build a bridge, brick by brick, to a fu-ture without hate, a future filled with faith, hope, and love. I will close by asking one more time, as I did a little more than a year ago in this very same place for a moment of silence to remember Cynthia Hurd, Susie Jackson, Ethel Lee Lance, Depayne Middleton-Doctor, Tywanza Sanders, Daniel Simmons, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, Myra Thompson, and my good friend and former State Senator, the Reverend Clementa Pinckney. You are forever in our hearts. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I wish to thank Senator S
COTT for his elo-quent words on behalf of our State and the leadership he has provided since this horrible tragedy a year ago. What can I add? I will just remind people who might not remember why he did it that his goal was to start a race war. Well, he failed miserably. Quite the opposite happened in my State. I have never seen anything quite like it. We have had our fair share of prob-lems in South Carolina, and still do, but churches all over the State were filled. Black, White, rich, poor—all came together to help each other. So this young man’s dream of starting a race war was a miserable failure. I am sure this guy who attacked the nightclub in Orlando wanted to break our will and try to get us to kowtow to a radical form of religion. Well, you are not going to break a will. We will all stand behind the folks in Orlando and come together as a nation as best we can. Senator S
COTT said it is hard to un-derstand the hate that someone has to do what these two people did. What blows my mind is how someone can go and sit in a Bible study for an hour, after being welcomed in off the street to discuss the Word of God, and then get up and shoot the people you have been praying with. I don’t know how you get there. Only God knows that. And what this man did in Orlando was beyond vicious. Here is a question that I have asked myself a thousand times, and I am be-ginning to understand the answer: Why was it different in South Carolina? We have had shootings throughout the country where people took to the streets. There were riots, sores were exposed, and scabs were pulled off old wounds. What was it about South Caro-lina that was different? I promise you that we are not a perfect people. I promise you that under the right cir-cumstances, what you saw in other places in the country would have hap-pened in South Carolina. Here is the difference: We were all in such a state of shock that somebody could come into a church and just ran-domly kill the people they prayed with. It was hard to get our heads around the thought of somebody being able to do that. But what woke us up was the way the families behaved. Senator SCOTT indicated that within 48 hours of the killing, there was an ar-raignment of the accused, and all the family members appeared in court. In-stead of taking to the streets and showing their frustration with a sys-tem that I am sure can always be made better and is far from perfect, they de-cided to channel their grief into some-thing constructive, not destructive, and I promise you I could not have done this. If this had been one of my family members, I know L
INDSEY GRA-
HAM well enough to know I could not have done this. I consider myself per-son of faith but lacking when it comes to folks at Mother Emanuel AME Church. Nadine Collier, the daughter of Ethel Lance, who was 70 years old, said the following, as her voice was break-ing: 
You took something very precious from me. I will never talk to her again. I will never, ever hold her again. But I forgive you. And have mercy on your soul. 
That is what is different. That is why the people of South Carolina followed her lead. She and the victims touched our hearts. They appealed to our better nature and reminded us of what hu-manity is all about. It is about love and forgiveness. Politicians—we can take all the credit we want, but if these people had not done this, it would have been a different result. I could have talked until I was blue in the face. If people had chosen to be angry, there was no way in hell I could have talked them into not being angry because they have every right to be angry. But because these people did what they did in open court, the rest of us followed behind and followed their lead. A year later I am here to tell you that the reason South Carolina handled this so well, in my view, is that the people in that church chartered a path for the rest of us, and we were smart enough to follow their lead. It would be nice if, in the future, when we get mad at each other here in this body and other places throughout the country over something maybe not as impor-tant as losing a loved one, we could slow down for just a moment and try to imagine how things would be different if we could draw upon the example of the families of the fallen. Look what we argue about. Look how we interact in America today over things not quite as significant as hav-ing your loved one gunned down. If you really want to honor what happened in South Carolina, as an individual and a society, whenever you can, remember what the people in that church did after losing their loved ones, and try to follow their lead. That would be the greatest respect you could pay to those families and the greatest honor you could give to those who died for no good reason. I need to follow my own advice. There is no better feeling in the world than being petty and thinking of a rea-son you were wronged. It feels good. But every now and then I catch myself. I go back to last year and wake up and realize that there is a better way. To those who showed us that better way, I know your pain is as real as it was on the day this happened. I know you will never get over it, but I hope you realize that your loved ones did not die in vain because, through their tragic deaths, you gave us—not just in South Carolina but throughout the world—the way forward. Whether we choose it or not is up to us. You have done all you could do and then some. To the people of South Carolina: I am proud of the way we handled this trag-edy, but we have a long way to go. This weekend will be tough throughout our State, and as we look back, let’s make sure that we learn from the past and apply it to the future. If we can take that love and forgiveness and apply it in a constructive way to future prob-lems in South Carolina, then we will have honored these victims and their families. If we go back to our petty ways, they will have died for nothing. Here is my bet: South Carolina is never going to go back because the peo-ple of Mother Emanuel AME Church showed us the way. It is up to us to fol-low them, and I will do my best to fol-low their lead. To the people throughout the coun-try who have been generous to this church, thank you for the dollars that have been raised. It is appreciated. Thank you for your prayers and the support you have given. It was essen-tial. You helped us in our time of greatest need. On behalf of the people of South Carolina to the people of this great land, thank you for having us in your prayers and for your support and for being there for us a year ago when we needed you the most. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
PIPES ACT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, this week I was pleased that the Senate acted unanimously to pass a pipeline safety bill that will help ensure the safety of our Nation’s vast energy pipe-line network. The bipartisan bill, known as the PIPES Act of 2016, now heads to the President’s desk to be signed into law. Safely transporting energy to our com-munities and businesses is a goal that we all share. It was encouraging to see my colleagues come together on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol, as well, to come up with a final product that will improve pipe-line safety and oversight. With more than 2.6 million miles of oil and gas pipelines across this Na-tion, the energy industry must work together at all levels of government in order to protect lives, communities, and our environment. Pipelines can be one of the safest ways to move oil and gas products; however, we have seen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.036 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4287 June 16, 2016 
truly devastating explosions and spills with pipelines, including in my home State of Michigan. The cost to clean up an oil spill from a pipeline break near Marshall, MI, into the Kalamazoo River has totaled over $1.2 billion. A similar spill in the Great Lakes would be devastating to our economy, envi-ronment, and drinking water supply. The transition to a clean energy economy is one of my top priorities, but in the meantime, as we push this transition forward, we cannot accept that pipeline spills are simply the cost of doing business. Our safety regulators must be equipped with the tools and equipment to better prevent pipeline accidents, protect public safety, and demand accountability when things in-variably go wrong. Our pipeline transportation system must be more transparent, and tech-nology will continue to provide better insight into the pipeline network with-out compromising national security and proprietary information. Our land, air, water, and wildlife must be safe-guarded against leaks and spills. By en-hancing safety standards, we can re-duce waste and cleanup costs while making sure we can proudly pass down a strong outdoor heritage to the next generation. We can also create jobs for our construction workers, pipefitters, steelworkers, and utility workers as we upgrade pipelines and fit them with state-of-the-art technology. The PIPES Act will make strides in these and many other areas. I was espe-cially focused on creating measures to safeguard against the catastrophic con-sequences of an oil spill in our precious waterways, especially the Great Lakes. Thanks to a provision I originally worked on with my colleague Senator S
TABENOW , the entire Great Lakes Basin will be designated as an unusu-ally sensitive area. This will make any pipeline that could spill in and around the Great Lakes area subject to higher standards for operating safety. The bill also adds coastal beaches and maritime coastal waters as areas that should be considered when making an ‘‘unusually sensitive’’ determination. We also must recognize the unique regional challenges our Nation’s far- reaching pipeline network present. In Michigan, we get serious winters. Lakes and rivers freeze, and even the Great Lakes end up under very thick ice cover. To address these challenges, I worked to include a provision requir-ing pipeline operators to prepare re-sponse plans that address cleanup of an oilspill in ice-covered waters. The Coast Guard has stated that it does not have the technology or the capacity for worst-case discharge cleanup under solid ice and that its response activi-ties are not adequate in ice-choked waters. We need to address this prob-lem now before a spill under ice-cov-ered water happens. Any oil pipeline that is deeper than 150 feet underwater will be required to undergo an inspection every year as a result of this bill. This requirement would be especially relevant for pipe-lines running through the Great Lakes, especially the twin oil pipelines resting on the lakebed in the Straits of Mack-inac. The bill also establishes emer-gency order authority so that PHMSA can take quick action to ensure safety when pipelines pose an imminent threat. This bill goes beyond just addressing pipelines; it also directs the Depart-ment of Transportation to issue min-imum safety standards for underground natural gas storage facilities. The dan-gers of a leak from an underground storage facility was illustrated in a massive methane leak at a facility in California just a few short months ago which resulted in evacuations and an emergency declaration. These new standards are especially important for my home State of Michigan because we have more underground natural gas storage facilities than almost any other State in the Union. Other sections of the PIPES Act en-courage collaboration on research, de-velopment, mapping, and technology between Federal agencies, public stakeholders, and industry leaders. All of these constituencies were key to providing input into this bill. I would like to thank Senators FISCH-
ER, BOOKER , and D AINES , and of course Chairman T
HUNE and Ranking Member N
ELSON for their hard work on the PIPES Act. The Energy and Commerce Committee and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House were also instrumental in making changes and important im-provements. As we continue to move forward and find better ways to meet our energy needs, it is my hope that we can learn from past catastrophes and prevent fu-ture ones before they ever occur. The bipartisan PIPES Act can be a model for how we work together to im-prove performance and raise our stand-ards in the energy sector. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOVERING MISSING CHILDREN ACT Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to speak on the Recovering Missing Chil-dren Act. This bill provides law en-forcement with an important tool to help find missing or exploited children. Each year more than 200,000 children are abducted by their parents or other close relatives, according to the Na-tional Center for Missing & Exploited Children. In many of these cases, the IRS has information that could aid law enforcement in locating a child who has been abducted by a family member. A study by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found that in more than a third of the cases reviewed, the IRS has tax returns on file which used the Social Security number of a missing child. Of those, 46 percent had a new address on file, for a 13.4-percent total. However, the IRS cannot share this protected, confiden-tial information with law enforcement officials since the Tax Code prevents the IRS from sharing the information unless specifically authorized as an ex-ception to nondisclosure. Senator ENZIand Senator K LOBUCHAR  and I have introduced bipartisan legis-lation, the Recovering Missing Chil-dren Act, to aid in the recovery of missing children by providing a new tool to help law enforcement officials locate missing children and their al-leged abductors. The bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to permit the disclosure of relevant tax information explicitly for the purpose of aiding criminal investigations into missing or exploited children. Specifically, the act ensures that select taxpayer informa-tion will only be released to law en-forcement officials as part of a legiti-mate investigation or a judicial pro-ceeding under the orders of a Federal judge. The act amends the law to allow for Federal law enforcement to share in-formation on a limited basis with State and local law enforcement that are part of the team directly involved in investigating and prosecuting such cases. Many investigations into miss-ing and exploited children are con-ducted at the State and local level. The act provides a commonsense fix that maintains an existing balance be-tween taxpayer privacy and judicious release of information that will make a meaningful difference to a child’s safe-ty. For the families who are affected, the reality that their child is missing is devastating. If there is a step we can take to increase the likelihood that the missing child will be returned home, then we have an obligation to act. This is such a step. I proudly have worked with both Sen-ators K
LOBUCHAR and E NZIon this im-portant issue since 2011, and I am glad to have the endorsement of both the National Center for Missing & Ex-ploited Children and the National Asso-ciation of Police Organizations. If the provisions in this bill can bring one child back to their rightful fami-lies safe and sound, it is worth it. This will assist those who have been search-ing and spending sleepless nights wor-ried about their missing children and do it in a way that doesn’t undermine Americans’ privacy. With that, Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the Finance Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 3209 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.037 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4288 June 16, 2016 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3209) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the disclo-sure of certain tax return information for the purpose of missing or exploited children investigations. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CASEY. I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3209) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. Mr. CASEY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate all who have worked on this bill but particularly Senator C
ASEY ’s leadership and Senator K LO-
BUCHAR ’s leadership on this issue that just passed. Here is a terrible thought: Every year, thousands of children are ab-ducted and taken away from their homes. This bill provides new tools to connect missing and exploited children with their families, while also respect-ing important and appropriate safe-guards of taxpayer privacy. Senators C
ASEY , KLOBUCHAR , and I have worked together on this matter for several years. We worked with out-side groups such as the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children and the National Association of Police Or-ganizations, and we are proud that both organizations have endorsed this legislation. With new tools and better collabora-tion between Federal and State au-thorities, law enforcement agencies can send a strong signal to those who are perpetrating this type of crime. I hope this act will help law enforcement officials solve these cases more quickly for the benefit of the youth who have been exploited. I yield the floor to my colleague from Minnesota. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleagues Sen-ator C
ASEY from Pennsylvania and Senator E
NZIfrom Wyoming to speak in support of our bipartisan legislation, the Recovering Missing Children Act, something we have been working on for so long. I remember hearing about this in a Judiciary Committee hearing and learning about the surprising number of cases that can be solved when this information from the IRS is shared with law enforcement. It sounds almost absurd that information is sitting in government files of where a child who has been abducted is living, but in fact it is. Oftentimes the abductor claims the child on taxes or has their address on their taxes and it is as easy as look-ing at a file. A family can be reunited, and a child who wasn’t supposed to be taken from their home can be brought back to their home. As my colleagues have noted, our bill would give law enforcement officers important tools to solve some of the most heartbreaking cases. To accom-plish this, the bill will offer informa-tion sharing by Federal law enforce-ment officers on a limited basis. It was something we discussed at length in the Judiciary Committee, and I know we also discussed it in the Finance Committee with the State and local law enforcement officials who are in-volved in the investigation and pros-ecution of a case. Under current law, the IRS is barred from sharing its tax-payer information with local law en-forcement, even though in many cases the IRS actually has the location of the child. Imagine a hardworking local police officer out trying to find a kid, looking everywhere, following up on every lead, and our own government has the information in their files. This is a narrow exception that allows this information to be shared. As a former prosecutor, I know first-hand that returning missing children to their families is one of the most im-portant tasks law enforcement officers have, and they need every resource available to do their job. The faster law enforcement can locate the child, the greater the likelihood the child can be returned to their family unharmed, and they can go on to live a normal life. I do want to mention one person who has been someone I talk to about miss-ing and exploited children issues, and that is Patty Wetterling from the State of Minnesota. There was a hor-rible case in which her son Jacob was abducted years and years ago and never found. She served as the chair on the board of the missing and exploited chil-dren group. She has done so much work nationally and locally. While we don’t believe this would have helped in Ja-cob’s case, she did it for all those other children who are still out there. So this one is for you, Patty. Thank you. I yield the floor. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016—Continued 
MASS SHOOTING IN ORLANDO AND STANDING  
AGAINST HATRED AND INTOLERANCE  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise to offer my heartfelt condolences to the victims and the families of the ter-rorist attack in Orlando. As a mother, my heart breaks for the parents of the victims. As an American, I share in a profound sense of sorrow for the loss of innocent life. Many questions remain unanswered. Did the terrorist communicate with foreign terrorist groups? If so, how did they interact and what level of support or direction did they provide? What was his path to radical Islamism and what lessons can we learn to stop oth-ers on this path to violence? Was his association with jihadist groups simply a superficial one to mask deep personal hatred? In the coming days, investigators will compile evidence to answer these and many other questions. While there is much we do not know about the at-tacks in Orlando, there are a few very important things we do know. We know 49 people were killed, and 53 others were injured. We know their families are suffering and we grieve with them. We know the gay community was spe-cifically targeted. There is something else we know. This attack was brought against innocent people. While knowledge of the specific cir-cumstances of this tragedy will hope-fully help us improve our efforts to fight terrorism and radicalization, for the victims of this horrific attack—in-deed, for many Americans—such infor-mation can seem irrelevant. This is be-cause the attack is an assault on the age-old Western value of social plu-ralism. These are American values— ones we hold dear. These are the prin-ciples which forbid violence on others, no matter how strongly you may dis-agree with them. This is a basic convic-tion that unites Americans. We have many disagreements in our country. We have them in this Cham-ber, we have them at work, and we have them around the dinner table. Sometimes our words are harsh, some-times our words are heated, but we don’t kill people who disagree with us. We protect their rights to think dif-ferently. This is a key part of our iden-tity as Americans. The attack in Orlando reminds us that we are in the middle of a global battle between two ways of life: one of open democracy and one of violent jihadism. Our way—the American way—values pluralism. It permits dis-sent from dominant social and political views. It protects the freedom of ex-pression and the freedom of religion. It defends our shared human dignity. In our society, the value of your life is not determined by your views. Here, your life has value because you exist. That is good enough for us. That is not good enough for radical Islam. Its followers do not believe these things. They impose uniformity and destroy dissent. For radical Islamists, there is no ‘‘live and let live.’’ Their ideology demands obedience. It allows only one way to live your life 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.040 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4289 June 16, 2016 
and demands that people who think dif-ferently, live differently, or pray dif-ferently stop thinking, living, and praying as they do. Radical Islamism does not use words to get what it wants. We observe its methods in Syria through ISIL. There, they stone women and throw men from buildings for vio-lating their code. This contempt for other cultures drives them to destroy historical arti-facts and ancient holy sites. They are exterminating entire communities of people for practicing a different set of religious beliefs, and they celebrate it. They are posting gruesome videos of their heinous acts online. They are using this combination of violence and twisted ideology as propaganda. They are seducing disaffected individuals to join their perverse quest. While the extent to which the Or-lando shooter was influenced by this incitement is unclear, he clearly iden-tified with ISIL’s barbaric glorification of violence. This is why we must unite to ensure ISIL’s lasting defeat. Defeat on the battlefield will greatly diminish the rhetorical power of their calls to butcher, to pillage, and to defile. However, responding to this terror is the shared responsibility of all Ameri-cans and not reserved only for the mili-tary or law enforcement. This was an assault on our belief in pluralism, an attack against each of us. We all have a role in the response. Our law enforce-ment and intelligence communities will no doubt lead the way, but indi-vidual Americans can and should an-swer this attack. I conclude with a call to action for every American, no matter where they may be. Find someone with whom you deeply disagree and let them know you value them. Seek that person out. Tell them you respect them for who they are, regardless of your deeply held dif-ferences. We can do this at work or at home, in the grocery store or at the doctor’s office. In our day-to-day lives, we can deliver a direct challenge to radical Islamists. By treating each other with dignity and respect, we can play our part in responding to this tragedy. Basic human rights, freedom of ex-pression, freedom of religion, and free-dom of assembly are endowed to all of us. By asserting our value of pluralism confidently, we can stand against the forces of hatred and intolerance. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE -REPORTED AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN  
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, on be-half of the Appropriations Committee, I withdraw the committee-reported amendment to H.R. 2578. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT NO . 4685 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I offer amendment No. 4685 as a committee-re-ported substitute amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. S HELBY ] proposes an amendment numbered 4685. 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of June 15, 2016, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 4720 TO AMENDMENT NO . 4685 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up the Feinstein amendment No. 4720 to the substitute amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mrs. F EINSTEIN , proposes an amendment numbered 4720 to amendment No. 4685. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To authorize the Attorney General to deny requests to transfer a firearm to known or suspected terrorists) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. Hereafter, the Attorney Gen-eral may deny the transfer of a firearm if the Attorney General determines, based on the totality of the circumstances, that the transferee represents a threat to public safe-ty based on a reasonable suspicion that the transferee is engaged, or has been engaged, in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or pro-viding material support or resources there-for. For purposes of sections 922(t)(1), (2), (5), and (6) and 925A of title 18, United States Code, and section 103(g) of Public Law 103–159 (18 U.S.C. 922 note), a denial by the Attorney General pursuant to this provision shall be treated as equivalent to a determination that receipt of a firearm would violate sec-tion (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, or State law. A denial described in this section shall be subject to the remedial procedures set forth in section 103(g) of Public Law 103–159 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) and the intended transferee may pur-sue a remedy for an erroneous denial of a firearm under section 925A of title 18, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, such remedial procedures and judicial review shall be subject to procedures that may be developed by the Attorney Gen-eral to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of information that reasonably could be ex-pected to result in damage to national secu-rity or ongoing law enforcement operations, including but not limited to procedures for submission of information to the court ex parte as appropriate, consistent with due process. The Attorney General shall estab-lish, within the amounts appropriated, pro-cedures to ensure that, if an individual who is, or within the previous 5 years has been, under investigation for conduct related to a Federal crime of terrorism, as defined in sec-tion 2332b(g)(5) of title 18, United States Code, attempts to purchase a firearm, the Attorney General or a designee of the Attor-ney General shall be promptly notified of the attempted purchase. Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4749 TO AMENDMENT NO . 4720 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up the Cornyn amendment No. 4749 to the Feinstein amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. C ORNYN , proposes an amend-ment numbered 4749 to amendment No. 4720. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To Secure our Homeland from rad-ical Islamists by Enhancing Law enforce-ment Detection (‘‘SHIELD’’)) At the end add the following: S
EC. 5ll. Hereafter, the Attorney General shall establish a process by which— (1) the Attorney General and Federal, State, and local law enforcement are imme-diately notified, as appropriate, of any re-quest to transfer a firearm or explosive to a person who is, or within the previous 5 years was, investigated as a known or suspected terrorist; (2) the Attorney General may delay the transfer of the firearm or explosive for a pe-riod not to exceed 3 business days and file an emergency petition in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the transfer of the firearm or explosive, and such emergency pe-tition and subsequent hearing shall receive the highest possible priority on the docket of the court of competent jurisdiction and be subject to the Classified Information Proce-dures Act (18 U.S.C. App.); (3) the transferee receives actual notice of the hearing and is provided with an oppor-tunity to participate with counsel and the emergency petition shall be granted if the court finds that there is probable cause to believe that the transferee has committed, conspired to commit, attempted to commit, or will commit an act of terrorism, and if the petition is denied, the Government shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and at-torneys’ fees; (4) the Attorney General may arrest and detain the transferee for whom an emer-gency petition has been filed where probable cause exists to believe that the individual has committed, conspired to commit, or at-tempted to commit an act of terrorism; and (5) the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation annually reviews and certifies the identities of known or suspected terror-ists under this section and the appropriate-ness of such designation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.041 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4290 June 16, 2016 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITH AMENDMENT NO . 4750 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to commit the bill to the Judici-ary Committee with instructions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to commit the bill to the Judi-ciary Committee with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment num-bered 4750. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on my mo-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4751 (Purpose: To address gun violence and im-prove the availability of records to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a Grassley amendment to the in-structions to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. G RASSLEY , proposes an amend-ment numbered 4751 to the instructions of the motion to commit. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4752 TO AMENDMENT NO . 4751 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a second-degree amendment to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 4752 to amendment No. 4751. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Grassley amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 4751, to the instructions of the motion to commit H.R. 2578, an act mak-ing appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, Thad Cochran, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, Richard C. Shelby, John Hoeven, Pat Roberts, Joni Ernst, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, John Bar-rasso, Deb Fischer, Johnny Isakson, David Vitter, James M. Inhofe. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the motion to commit with instruc-tions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the McConnell motion to commit H.R. 2578 to the Judiciary Committee with instructions (Murphy amendment No. 4750). Harry Reid, Jeff Merkley, Jeanne Sha-heen, Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Amy Klo-buchar, Claire McCaskill, Debbie Sta-benow, Charles E. Schumer, Sherrod Brown, Mark R. Warner, Richard Blumenthal, Tom Udall, Tammy Bald-win, Jack Reed, Robert P. Casey, Jr., Angus King, Jr., Brian E. Schatz. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Cornyn amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 4749 to amendment No. 4720 to Calendar No. 120, H.R. 2578, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, Richard C. Shelby, John Hoeven, Pat Roberts, James M. Inhofe, David Vitter, Joni Ernst, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Deb Fischer, Cory Gard-ner, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Feinstein amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Fein-stein amendment No. 4720 to Shelby amend-ment No. 4685 to H.R. 2578. Harry Reid, Jeff Merkley, Jeanne Sha-heen, Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Amy Klo-buchar, Claire McCaskill, Debbie Sta-benow, Charles E. Schumer, Sherrod Brown, Mark R. Warner, Richard Blumenthal, Tom Udall, Tammy Bald-win, Jack Reed, Robert P. Casey, Jr., Angus King, Jr., Brian E. Schatz. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorums for the cloture mo-tions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arkansas is recog-nized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARION FLETCHER Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I would like to recognize Marion Fletcher of Hot Springs, AR, as this week’s Arkan-san of the Week, for 53 years of service to agriculture education in Arkansas. Marion recently retired, and I would like to take a few moments to recog-nize his legacy and his impact. Arkansas is a rural State, and for Ar-kansans agriculture isn’t just an indus-try. It is a way of life. Over the last five decades, Marion has been a fixture in the Arkansas agriculture commu-nity, serving in dozens of roles in countless organizations, impacting every person he met. To say he is passionate about agri-culture education is an understate-ment. Since 1997, Marion worked as the State supervisor and program manager of agricultural education at the Arkan-sas Department of Workforce Edu-cation, and before that he spent 30 years in numerous roles with the Ar-kansas Department of Education, Vo-cational and Technical Education Divi-sion. He also had a 3-year stint as an ag 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.044 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4291 June 16, 2016 
instructor at Desha Central Schools. Locally, he has been a dedicated board member of the Garland County Farm Bureau for over 30 years. But Marion’s service isn’t just lim-ited to Arkansas. He has also played an important role in the National FFA, where he has been a member of the board of directors, served as national treasurer, and has been a part of var-ious task and action force committees. To quote longtime friend Keith Stokes, ‘‘there is not a young person who went through the FFA program that was not influenced in a positive way by Mr. Fletcher.’’ His hard work hasn’t gone unnoticed, and he was honored with the first-ever National FFA Advisor’s Golden Owl Award. He has also received the FFA VIP Award, recognition in the Arkan-sas Agriculture Hall of Fame, Arkan-sas’s ‘‘service to citizens’’ award, and a litany of others on a long list of well- deserved commendations. The honors, distinctions, and acco-lades earned by Marion are endless. Like those before me, I am proud to honor Marion’s work and legacy. He is an outstanding Arkansan, and our State agriculture industry is better be-cause he committed his life to agri-culture education. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, in the aftermath of the horrific tragedy in Or-lando, Americans are understandably concerned about whether law enforce-ment and intelligence officials have the tools they need to keep our people safe. I share these concerns and have for quite some time. In 2013, I proposed that the govern-ment be authorized to obtain phone, email, and other records immediately in emergency situations and then after the fact come back for court review. That proposal I made in 2013 became law as part of the USA FREEDOM Act—it is section 102 of the USA FREEDOM Act—and as of today, that legislation I authored gives the FBI more authority to move immediately when they believe it is essential to pro-tect the safety and well-being of Amer-icans and our families. I don’t take a backseat to anybody when it comes to supporting efforts that are going to do everything pos-sible to make Americans safer in their communities. So right now—and this is so often the case after a tragedy—when Americans want to be safer and they want their liberties, all too often pro-posals are advanced that in so many in-stances don’t do much of either. It is for that reason that I have come to the floor to express my concern about the sweeping surveillance amendment that was proposed this morning by the senior Senator from Texas. In my view, it is important for colleagues to see that this proposal would dramatically and unnecessarily expand the government’s ability to conduct surveillance of Americans without court oversight. In my judgment, it would not make our country any safer. The real impli-cations are that it could significantly undermine the constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans, largely to save some paperwork for law enforcement officials. As was described on the Senate floor this morning, this amendment would authorize individual FBI field offices to demand Americans’ email and Internet records simply by issuing what is called a national security letter, which means there really is no court over-sight whatsoever. This authority currently exists for phone records, and law enforcement of-ficials have repeatedly suggested that it would be convenient for email and Internet records to be collected in the same way. The FBI has not suggested that they are currently unable to ob-tain these records in counterterror in-vestigations. Law enforcement officials have simply been arguing that it would be more convenient to operate without judicial oversight. I find this position very troubling because I don’t see any-thing in the writings of the Founding Fathers that says convenience alone should justify a dramatic erosion of the constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans. It is important to understand that this sweeping expansion of surveillance authorities is not necessary. If FBI of-ficials have reason to suspect an indi-vidual is connected to terrorism or es-pionage, they already have the ability to access that person’s email and Inter-net records by simply obtaining an order in the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court. These orders can be issued in secret and require relatively little evidence. The FBI just needs to assert that the records are ‘‘relevant to an investigation,’’ and that is not dif-ficult to do. But requiring the approval of an independent judge provides an important chapter against the abuse or misuse of this authority. By contrast, national security letters are not re-viewed by a judge unless a company that receives one attempts to challenge it. As I indicated earlier this afternoon, I appreciate the FBI’s interest in ob-taining records about potential sus-pects quickly, but my view is that For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court judges in the typical situation are very capable of reviewing and approving re-quests for court orders in a timely fashion, and that is why I made men-tion of it. If the government thinks that there is an emergency situation and that time is so critical, the government can use that section of the USA FREEDOM Act that I authored, Section 102, to ob-tain records immediately in an emer-gency situation and then go seek court review after the fact. As I indicated, I have been supportive of this for quite some time, but I think giving the government the authority to move in emergency situations is very different from giving the government substantial new surveillance authority just because some officials don’t like doing paperwork. If the FBI’s own process for reviewing orders is too slow, then the appropriate solution is administrative reforms, not a major expansion of government surveillance authorities. While this amendment would not apply to the text of emails, it would allow the FBI a wide variety of infor-mation, including records of whom in-dividuals exchange emails with and when, as well as individuals’ log-in his-tory, IP addresses, and Internet brows-ing history. This sort of surveillance can clearly reveal an extensive amount of information about individual Ameri-cans. Our Founding Fathers rightly ar-gued that these kinds of intrusive searchs ought to be approved by inde-pendent judges. At this point, I believe it is worth noting that President George W. Bush’s administration reached the same con-clusion that I have described this after-noon. In November of 2008, the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel advised the FBI that national security letters could only be used to obtain certain types of records, and this list did not include electronic communica-tion records. The FBI has, unfortu-nately, not adhered to this guidance and has at times continued to issue na-tional security letters for electronic communications records. A number of companies that have received these overly broad national security letters have rightfully challenged them, as I have indicated, as improper. Broad-ening the national security letter stat-ute to include electronic communica-tion transaction records would be a sig-nificant expansion of warrantless sur-veillance authority. Unfortunately, the government’s track record with its existing national security letter authorities includes a substantial amount of abuse and mis-use. These problems were extensively documented by the Justice Depart-ment’s inspector general in 2007, 2008, 2010, and 2014. In my judgment, it would be reckless to expand this par-ticular surveillance authority when the government has so frequently failed to use its existing authorities responsibly. In 2013, President Obama’s surveil-lance review group looked at the na-tional security letter statute. This group included a number of distin-guished national security leaders, in-cluding former White House counter-terrorism adviser Richard Clarke and former Acting CIA Director Mike Morell. They determined—and I think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.053 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4292 June 16, 2016 
what is so noteworthy is that at a time when the President assembled prac-tically an NBA All-Star team of counterterror leaders, this group deter-mined that national security letter au-thority ought to be narrowed, not ex-panded. They were making a judgment to counter to the senior Senator from Texas, and they felt they ought to go the other way and be more cautious about how it is used. These leading national security offi-cials, the names of whom I have just given, stated in their report that na-tional security letters have been, in their view, highly controversial and noted that there have been ‘‘serious compliance issues on the part of the government.’’ They concluded the fol-lowing: ‘‘For all the well-established reasons for requiring neutral and de-tached judges to decide when govern-ment investigators may invade an indi-vidual’s privacy’’—their words and not mine—‘‘there is a strong argument that [national security letters] should not be issued by the FBI.’’ National security letters was what the description of the issue was all about. In the judgment of these ex-perts, the government should seek the approval of a judge the way our Found-ing Fathers intended. I want it understood that I would strongly oppose the surveillance amendment filed this morning. My view is that it would erode our core constitutional rights without making our country safer. All over the country right now, Americans are asking what can be done to make our country safer. This morn-ing, for example, we had the CIA Direc-tor, Mr. Brennan, in the Intelligence Committee, and I pointed out that one of the things that help Americans be as safe as possible is strong encryption for their smartphones. Those smartphones have people’s different transactions, such as medical and financial informa-tion. Their whole life is in those smartphones. If you weaken strong encryption and require companies—as several of our colleagues want to do— to build back doors into these digital products, Americans are going to be less safe. For example, a number of the smartphones have a location tracker so parents can keep tabs on their young-ster. Well, if you weaken encryption and weaken the location tracker, you are pretty much giving a gift to pedophiles because it will be easy to track youngsters as a result of weak-ening encryption. We had a discussion about it this morning. The comment I was con-cerned about in particular this morn-ing was when I said ‘‘Hey, if we weaken encryption in the United States, the reality is that terrorists, hackers, and others will go overseas, where there are hundreds of products with strong encryption,’’ it was the view of the CIA Director that that was ‘‘theoretical.’’ So I was forced to correct that later in the course of the day to say that some of the leading experts in cyber security said that this is not theoretical. The reality is that there are hun-dreds of products overseas with strong encryption. So think about that one. What we would be doing if we weak-ened encryption is we would be adopt-ing a policy that would leave our peo-ple less secure and their liberties more at risk right at the time when they are saying, after the horrific tragedy in Or-lando, that they want better policies to promote their safety and make sure their liberties are kept. This is a debate we are going to have in several forms. We will have them in committee rooms and on the floor of the Senate. I just want it understood that the reason I am opposing what the senior Senator from Texas talked about today is that I think it flies right in the face of what I have de-scribed. It does nothing to make us safer, and it puts our liberties at risk, much as the distinguished panel that was put together by the President—all these outstanding counterterror offi-cials—said when they expressed con-cern about the whole future of national security letters. There is a way to do this right, and I would submit that is what we did in Section 102 of the USA FREEDOM Act. It was something I had talked about with the President on several occa-sions. I am willing to say what I said but not what the President said. I have repeatedly said to the govern-ment that if the government doesn’t have enough authority in emergency situations to protect the American people, I will use my ability as a senior member of the Intelligence Committee to make sure they have that authority. We did that in the USA FREEDOM Act. The government can move imme-diately to collect phone and email records and then come back later to go through the court review process. That is the kind of model we ought to use, not what we heard about this morning from the senior Senator from Texas that would expand government surveil-lance authority, put our liberties at risk, and not make our country safer. I am sure this will be a topic of ex-tensive discussion on the Senate floor next week. I just wanted to take this opportunity to outline my views on the topic. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am com-ing to the floor today to join so many of my colleagues who have spoken over the last day to encourage bipartisan cooperation on commonsense legisla-tion to address the gun violence epi-demic that plagues our Nation and my home State of Delaware. I want to thank my colleagues, Senators MURPHY  and B
LUMENTHAL , for their consistent and unwavering commitment in ad-dressing this very real national crisis. In the aftermath of the tragic mass shooting of Orlando, I have been filled with many emotions, as have so many of my colleagues—grief for the victims and their families, concern for the city of Orlando, grief for the greater LGBTQ community across our Nation and world, anger toward the perpe-trator and the extremists who spread hatred, violence, and fear around the world, and a powerful, deep-seated frus-tration that our government, our Con-gress, this Senate, has not taken need-ed steps to keep dangerous and unsta-ble individuals from getting access to guns. The atrocity that took place at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, FL, was more than just a cowardly act of terrorism and a despicable, violent rampage of hate against our LGBTQ brothers and sisters; it was also an at-tack on the very freedoms in our way of life. From the brave first responders and law enforcement officers who rushed to the scene, to the hundreds, even thousands, of Floridians who lined up in the days since to donate blood, tragedies like these so often showcase the very best and worst of humanity in the same heartbreaking moment. This mass shooting—the worst mass shooting in American history—should force us to confront a number of power-ful but unanswered questions: Are we going to be a nation that celebrates our diversity or one that stokes fear, division, and hatred? Are we going to engage the American Muslim commu-nity in pursuing our shared goal of de-feating the scourge of terrorism, or are we going to malign and alienate 1.6 bil-lion people from one of the world’s great religions? Are we together going to pass commonsense safety measures addressing gun violence, or is this Sen-ate, yet again, going to accept the sta-tus quo? Our Nation, my State, my constitu-ents, my neighbors, are crying out for the Members of this body to have the courage of our convictions and to ad-dress this moment. Regardless of the Orlando attacker’s intentions or his background, Congress must act to pre-vent known or suspected terrorists from having the unfettered ability to purchase high-powered military grade weaponry. That means ensuring that we have a universal system of back-ground checks when a firearm is pur-chased. It also means ensuring that the U.S. Department of Justice gets noti-fied when a known or suspected ter-rorist goes to buy a gun so that the De-partment can investigate or stop a transaction that might immediately endanger citizens’ lives. Today an estimated 40 percent of all gun sales are sold by unlicensed dealers who are not required to conduct any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.055 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4293 June 16, 2016 
criminal background checks under Federal law. In the aftermath of the atrocity in Orlando, Deputy Attorney General Yates noted that the Justice Department ‘‘would have liked to have known’’ that Omar Mateen had gone to purchase an assault rifle. Our Constitution protects the funda-mental individual right to bear arms, but no freedom is absolute, and no one amendment can subvert all the others. Orlando deserved to have the security of a functioning universal background check system that keeps guns out of the hands of people known to be dan-gerous. So, too, do the people of my hometown of Wilmington. Earlier this week, late Tuesday night, in my hometown of Wilmington, less than a block away from a business owned by one of my treasured staff members, four young teenagers, ages 12, 13, 15, and 16, were shot. The 15- year-old boy remains in critical condi-tion in Christiana Hospital. He was shot in the stomach, hand, and leg. Earlier this week in Wilmington, a 15-year-old girl was shot during an ar-gument at a party. There have been so many instances of gun violence on the streets of my hometown in the weeks and months of this year, last year, and the year before that we have become numb to it. We have almost lost count of them. Yet this daily carnage con-tinues in my hometown and in towns all across this country. Orlando deserves the amount of at-tention it has received as one of the worst mass American atrocities occur-ring in history. Yet we cannot forget the week-in and week-out tragedies where one, two, and three individuals are shot in what now seems to be, sadly, routine gun violence all across this country. We have heard in speeches given by my colleagues about incidents all over our country. From Orlando to San Bernardino to Newtown, from Wil-mington to Chicago to Los Angeles, Americans fall victim to gun violence each and every day. It doesn’t have to be this way. Americans are 25 times more likely to be murdered with a gun than people in any other developed country. We can and we must do more to prevent sense-less acts of gun violence. So today, this week, we mourn the lives taken from us too soon in Or-lando, and I mourn and many of my neighbors and constituents mourn the lives lost in Wilmington. But we all pray that the families and friends grieving the loss of their loved ones will find strength and purpose in the days to come and will bring encourage-ment from actions by this Senate. Tragedies like these don’t just draw our attention, don’t just hold our gaze, and don’t just break our hearts; they also challenge our values as a nation. In response to the atrocities in Or-lando, America’s message to the world must not be one of fear and anger and isolation as some propose. Instead, I think we can and should take action to protect all of our citizens of any eth-nicity, any faith, and any sexual ori-entation with commonsense gun legis-lation. I am encouraged to know there have been filed bills that this body will take up and act upon next week and that my colleagues, Senators M
URPHY  and F
EINSTEIN , have been able to sub-mit for consideration by this body— bills relating to background checks and to closing the terror gap that I look forward to supporting next week when we return. I would like to thank all of my col-leagues of both parties who have ad-vanced proposals or have come to the floor to participate in an important ef-fort to show the people across the country that we can work across the aisle, that we can listen to each other, and that we can, I hope, legislate. I specifically thank my colleague Senator M
URPHY for his discipline, his engagement, and his work in an impor-tant filibuster to show the people of our country that we are listening, we are paying attention, we are working, and we will soon take action. With that, I thank the Presiding Offi-cer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING MARY D. FERGUSON Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to share with my colleagues the very sad news that Mary D. Ferguson, a legendary Kentucky journalist and a good friend of mine, has passed away. She departed this life last Thursday, June 9, in the town of Hopkinsville, KY, at the age of 82. She will be re-membered and greatly missed by her family, many friends, and journalists throughout the Commonwealth. Mary was a pioneer as a female jour-nalist in an era when women were not expected to enter that profession, but she did not let that deter her from doing what she had dreamed of since childhood. She got her first job in jour-nalism when she was a freshman in col-lege, working as the society editor at the Clarksville Leaf-Chronicle. She also served as the news director for a Hopkinsville radio station, WHOP, before being hired as a reporter by the Kentucky New Era in 1962. There she remained for more than 50 years—as a reporter, columnist, and eventually as an unofficial historian for the region and fount of institu-tional knowledge for the newspaper. By the time she passed away, of course, she had been working there since be-fore most of her coworkers were born. Mary touched the lives of thousands in Kentucky and beyond with her work for the New Era. Her stories gave voice to the people of her community, and she brought events of the world home for her readers. In covering events at Fort Campbell, KY, she wrote about Presidents spanning from Lyndon Johnson to George W. Bush. She cov-ered gubernatorial inaugurations, crime, the courts, elections, and the arts. I got to know Mary back when I was first elected to statewide office. She interviewed me and was a part of edi-torial board meetings, which I fre-quently held with the New Era. Mary was a rarity in the fact that she was one of the few journalists who leaned Republican, although she always kept her reporting balanced. I certainly ap-preciated her support and encourage-ment throughout the years and grew to have great admiration and respect for this woman who was not afraid to chart her own path. Mary was the heart of the New Era newspaper and will be deeply missed by her colleagues and the hundreds of journalists who passed through that publication’s offices over the five dec-ades of her tenure. The paper estab-lished in 2005 the Mary D. Ferguson Award, given annually to the employee most committed to the quality of the newspaper. That tradition will con-tinue after her death. Kentucky has lost one of its leading lights in journalism, and I have lost a friend. Elaine and I want to express our deepest condolences to Mary’s family. She is survived by her husband, retired Kentucky State Police Trooper Russell Ferguson, her daughter Lee Ellen Fer-guson Fish, and two grandchildren. Along with the Hopkinsville commu-nity, we stand by the Ferguson family and support them in their time of grief. The newspaper Mary Ferguson wrote for for 54 years, the New Era, published a remarkable article detailing her life and career. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Kentucky New Era, June 10, 2016] T
RAILBLAZING JOURNALIST , MARYD. F
ERGUSON , DIES AT 82 (By Jennifer P. Brown) H
OPKINSVILLE , KY.—Mary D. Ferguson, a Kentucky New Era staff writer and col-umnist who covered stories about farmers, housewives, Army generals, American presi-dents and much more in a career lasting more than 50 years, died Thursday morning at a Hopkinsville nursing home. She was 82. A native of Trenton and longtime resident of Pembroke Road, she lived just a few miles from the newspaper. She is survived by her husband, retired Kentucky State Police Trooper Russell Ferguson, and their daugh-ter, Lee Ellen Ferguson Fish. Ferguson was a trailblazer for women in news reporting. A 1952 graduate of Trenton High School in Todd County, she moved to Clarksville when she started college at Austin Peay State University. In the spring of her freshman year, she applied for the society editor’s job at the Clarksville Leaf-Chronicle newspaper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.067 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4294 June 16, 2016 
and was hired on the spot. Years later, she said she was shocked to get the job, but she stayed with the newspaper until a year after she graduated. She then became the news director for WHOP. Walking from store to store in down-town Hopkinsville, she delivered the radio station’s daily Shell-O-Gram, a promotional flyer for Shell Oil that featured news head-lines of the day. The radio station, which was on South Virginia Street, had a mobile unit set up in a station wagon, and Ferguson also broadcast live stories from the field. The New Era hired her on February 5, 1962, to cover crime, courts and Fort Campbell. She was the first female reporter in the newsroom. Although the paper’s owners had recruited her, it took a while for the men in the news-room to accept Ferguson. Reminiscing last fall about her start at the New Era, she re-membered how her news judgment and writ-ing style were frequently criticized early on. Things began to shift in her favor one day when a local judge publicly praised one of her stories. Ferguson was on a first-name basis with several commanding generals, and their fam-ily members, at Fort Campbell. She also cov-ered Presidents Lyndon B. Johnson, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush at Fort Campbell or nearby communities. She filed stories from the inaugurations of two Ken-tucky governors, Edward T. ‘‘Ned’’ Breathitt and Louie B. Nunn. She loved the arts and was granted a back- stage interview with the opera singer Marian Anderson at Fish University in Nashville. Ferguson was so overcome with appreciation that she broke down and cried as she ap-proached the celebrity. As a general assignment reporter, Fer-guson wrote a wide range of stories, includ-ing murder investigations, businesses open-ing and closing, fatal crashes, hospital ex-pansions, lawsuits, tobacco auctions, elec-tions, floods, fires, high school graduations, concerts and the deaths of many friends. Ferguson was among the New Era report-ing team that covered the aftermath of the Gander, Newfoundland, crash in December 1985 that killed 248 soldiers headed back to Fort Campbell after a six-month deployment to the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt. She was at Fort Campbell the day President Ronald Reagan and first lady Nancy Reagan came to the post to console the families. She rejected the idea of ever retiring, al-though she did eventually scale back her hours and devoted her time mainly to writ-ing daily obituaries and a popular human-in-terest column that ran on Saturdays. Even when cancer treatments made it difficult for her to type, she continued to dictate a week-ly column to another staff member. She was rare among journalists with a ca-reer spanning more than 60 years at two newspapers and the radio station. No one working in the New Era’s newsroom today had been born when Ferguson started working for the paper at its old offices in downtown Hopkinsville. She experienced nu-merous changes in the newspaper industry. She gave up her typewriter for computers but never really accepted the internet as a useful tool. New Era Publisher Taylor Hayes said he thought of Ferguson as the newspaper’s ‘‘ma-triarch.’’ Employees counted on her frank opinion and advice. ‘‘This classy lady provided such a footing to our company, particularly in the news-room, and her absence cannot be easily grasped,’’ Hayes said. ‘‘She was a rock.’’ Ferguson drove a red Cadillac, voted Re-publican, loved big friendly dogs, fed bread to fat squirrels in her yard, laughed often, cooked like a pro and remembered names and old tales that others forgot. She missed restaurants like Charlie’s Steakhouse and Bartholomew’s when they closed. She was partial to the Whistle Stop’s chocolate glazed doughnuts. Sushi and egg rolls were not her thing. She wore tailored dresses, cardigan sweat-ers, high heels and pearls to work. When the newsroom eventually went smoke-free, she took her cigarette breaks wearing a mink coat on the newspaper’s loading dock, where she was likely to collect a few story ideas from the pressmen or a truck driver. While the newsroom became younger and increasingly reliant on the internet, she packed her desk drawers with old city direc-tories, history books and paper files. She could put her hands on a photograph of an old general before a young editor could even begin the search on Google. No one covering news in Hopkinsville today—not at the newspaper and not at any of the radio stations—could match her insti-tutional knowledge of people and events that shaped southern Pennyrile communities over the past 80 years. ‘‘There are a rare class of people who, when they come into your life, however it may be, you just feel lucky to have known them,’’ Editor Eli Pace said. ‘‘Mary D. was tough as nails, classy beyond description and just wonderful—and I was lucky.’’ She was opinionated too. Once, when a new editor announced that the New Era would begin re-running obituaries every time the newspaper or a funeral home made a mistake because readers liked to clip them out for family records, Ferguson snapped, ‘‘What are we, a newspaper or a scrapbook company?’’ Ferguson, who sometimes prayed for friends and co-workers from her front porch swing in the evening, believed that her best writing at the New Era came in a Christmas Eve column she wrote about her father’s dairy barn. The column included this: ‘‘My memories were born in a stable located on a hill just north of Trenton near the Todd-Christian county line. The wide front door opened to the southwestern sky, and at night there was a star spectacle that outshone the blinking of multi-colored Christmas lights wrapped around a tree and bushes . . . The warmth, the smells, the sound of a soft wind and stars in the sky—no greater peace could be en-joyed.’’ Ferguson’s last column was about the ar-rival of the first hummingbird to her house at 2:30 p.m. April 16. Ever the reporter, she had recorded the exact time and day. f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID MEDINE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for the past 3 years, David Medine has served as chairman of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, PCLOB—the first chairman finally to be confirmed after Congress reestablished the PCLOB as an independent agency and strengthened its authority. Under his leadership, the PCLOB has worked dili-gently to review surveillance programs and make recommendations to protect individual privacy and civil liberties. Mr. Medine recently announced that he will be leaving government service to join a nonprofit organization that serves low-income and disadvantaged individuals. He will be missed. Mr. Medine was confirmed at a crit-ical time, just a month before the first Snowden revelations in June 2013. In response to reports that the NSA had been collecting Americans’ phone records in bulk for years under section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act, he guid-ed the PCLOB’s work in reviewing that program and releasing a comprehensive report in January 2014. The rec-ommendations in that landmark report included ending the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records, installing an amicus at the FISA Court, and in-stituting a number of other privacy protections. Many of these rec-ommendations were subsequently en-acted into law in the bipartisan USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. Under Mr. Medine’s leadership, the PCLOB also released a detailed unclas-sified report in July 2014 on surveil-lance conducted pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act, which is slated to expire at the end of next year. This report in-cludes a valuable unclassified expla-nation of the implementation of sec-tion 702. These reports and Mr. Medine’s related testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee have been tremendously beneficial to Congress and the American people in examining government surveillance programs. Mr. Medine’s public service spans more than 20 years. Over the course of his career, he has earned a reputation as a thoughtful and well-respected au-thority on privacy and data security issues. I commend Mr. Medine for his dedicated public service and efforts to protect the privacy and civil liberties of the American people, and I wish him well in this new chapter. (At the request of Mr. BURR, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I am a proud cosponsor of the Compressive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, a bill that would help Americans in the fight against the opioid and heroin epi-demic sweeping across our Nation. Due to the Orlando tragedy that took place on Sunday, I was unable to be present today to vote in favor of going to con-ference on CARA to finalize the legisla-tion and further assist Americans in their battle against addiction. If I were present during the vote, I would have voted in favor of going to conference on CARA.∑ 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to enter into a colloquy with my col-league from Arizona. The National Defense Authorization Act which the Senate passed this week is the most critical piece of legislation for our national security that we de-bate each year, and I thank my col-league from Arizona, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, for his hard work on this legislation. One important provision that should be in the final NDAA is the elevation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.061 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4295 June 16, 2016 
Cyber Command. Cyber warfare is tak-ing place every day. It is a domain of war that our Nation must dominate just as we do on land, at sea, and in the air. At the rate electronic warfare is growing, I believe elevating Cyber Command to a combatant command is vital to ensuring that the United States is fully prepared for cyber war-fare and has unparalleled capabilities in that domain. Does my colleague from Arizona feel the same? Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I strong-ly agree with my friend from Montana. Elevating Cyber Command is one of the most critical pieces to ensuring our Nation is at the forefront of the rising threats abroad. Earlier this year in the Armed Services Committee, I held a hearing on Cyber Command. I was told by the commander of Cyber Command, ADM Mike Rodgers, that this elevation would make them faster, generating better mission outcomes. These are the individuals we have leading the fight against ISIS on the newly established online battlefield—better mission out-comes is something we need. At a time when we are also debating what the entire combatant command structure should look like, one thing is clear: Cyber is growing, and its com-mand structure needs to grow as well. I look forward to ensuring this debate is settled in conference and Cyber Com-mand is elevated to a combatant com-mand. Does my colleague from Montana agree? Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I do share my colleague from Arizona’s commitment to elevate Cyber Com-mand to a combatant command in con-ference. The House NDAA includes a provision to elevate Cyber Command, and I stand with eight bipartisan Mem-bers of the Senate, including my col-league from Arizona, who support this effort. It is paramount that the final fiscal year 2017 NDAA that goes to the President’s desk includes this provi-sion. Can my colleague from Arizona fur-ther describe the value that elevating Cyber Command would bring? Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, for years, our enemies have been setting the norms of behavior in cyber space while the White House sat idly by hop-ing the problem will fix itself. With the elevation of Cyber Command, we are able to ensure we set ourselves on the right course for this new form of war-fare. And we will do it without creating a hollow force. Just as it would be un-acceptable to send a soldier to battle without a rifle, it is unacceptable to deprive our cyber forces the basic tools they need to execute their missions. We must remain committed to ensur-ing Cyber Command has the authority, the funding, and the tools it needs to succeed. I look forward to the continued work on this issue with my colleague from Montana and to working in conference to ensure this elevation. I understand my colleague from Montana has en-sured the Defense appropriations legis-lation complements our efforts in cyber command. Can you elaborate on your efforts? Mr. DAINES. My colleague from Ari-zona is correct. My provisions in the Defense appropriations legislation states that the Department of Defense has the funding needed to elevate Cyber Command to a combatant com-mand this year. We cannot wait for our enemies to outmaneuver us on this new battlefield. Elevating Cyber Command to a combatant command is one of the best ways we can ensure our troops have the authority they need to suc-ceed. I want to thank my colleague from Arizona for his commitment to a con-tinued effort on the elevation of Cyber Command and thank him for his con-tinued hard work on behalf of the men and women of our Armed Forces. (At the request of Mr. DURBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  an article from June 15, 2016, in the Huffington Post, regarding the Orlando shooting and the urgent need for the Senate to take action on gun control. The material follows: 
[The Huffington Post, June 15, 2016] O
NGUNVIOLENCE —LET’SCOMETOGETHER  
ANDSTOP THE HEARTBREAK  (By Senator Barbara Boxer, Ranking Mem-ber, Senate Environment and Public Works Committee) Columbine. Virginia Tech. Fort Hood. Tuc-son. Aurora. Newtown. Navy Yard. Isla Vista. Charleston. Umpqua. Colorado Springs. San Bernardino. And now Orlando is etched into the list of places in America that have been forever scarred by gun violence. In the aftermath of each of these deadly mass shootings, we express our horror, our prayers for the victims and survivors, our condolences, our thanks to the courageous first responders—and of course, we must and we should. But words are not enough. After the horrific tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School four years ago, I was con-vinced that Congress would finally take ac-tion to address that epidemic of gun violence that kills more than 30,000 Americans every year. But only four Republicans were willing to join with 51 Democrats and independents, and so commonsense gun safety legislation was once more derailed. That’s why I am so proud that Senator Chris Murphy—joined by his Connecticut colleague, Senator Richard Blumenthal— took to the Senate floor with a simple mes-sage: Enough is enough. The Senate must ad-dress this issue with a vote. We may not be able to prevent every trag-edy, but there is so much we can do to save lives and protect our communities. And we can do it while still protecting the Second Amendment. We should start by taking these six commonsense steps right now: We can pass legislation to prevent a sus-pected terrorist from buying firearms or ex-plosives. We can pass legislation to keep military- style weapons off our streets. These are weapons of war, and they do not belong in our communities. We can expand background checks—an idea supported by almost 90 percent of the Amer-ican people and a majority of NRA mem-bers—which will help keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill. We can pass the Gun Violence Intervention Act, which would allow families to go to court to seek a ‘‘gun violence prevention order’’ to temporarily stop someone who poses a threat to themselves or others from purchasing or possessing a gun. We can increase funding for the Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI), an impor-tant grant program that helps communities plan how best to prevent and respond to acts of terrorism. We can protect our children by investing in the Comprehensive School Safety Initiative, which helps schools develop school safety plans and provide critical safety training to school personnel. We need a layered defense to protect our communities from criminals and terrorists who want to inflict mass casualties, and that is what these proposals would provide. We know that tough gun safety laws work. We have seen it in other countries, like Aus-tralia. And we have seen it in my state of California which—after passing sensible laws—saw a 56 percent drop in gun violence between 1993 and 2010, according to the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence. People deserve to feel safe in their commu-nities. They deserve to feel safe at work, at school, at a shopping mall, at a movie the-ater, at a health clinic, at a night club. As elected officials, we take an oath to protect and defend the American people. Right now, we are failing at our most basic task—keeping our children and our families safe from harm. It isn’t enough for us to keep lamenting these tragedies. The people of Orlando, San Bernardino, Isla Vista, Newtown and so many other communities want more than words. They want action. And they want it now.∑ f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. BENNY GOODEN ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Fort Smith School Dis-trict superintendent Dr. Benny Gooden, who will retire at the end of June after a lifetime of dedication to education. Dr. Gooden has led the Fort Smith School District since 1986, and in those 30 years, he has proven himself to be a driving force in education at the local, State, and national level. He made a career out of helping stu-dents and creating a solid education, to pave the way for a successful future for them. During his 50 years in education, he always put students first and fought to ensure the community created op-portunities in their best interest. Dr. Gooden has remarked to the School Superintendents Association that his best professional day was when Fort Smith voters approved a 20 per-cent tax increase to guarantee the dis-trict’s financial stability. He has been recognized for his career as a school administrator earning the American Association of School Ad-ministrators’ Arkansas Superintendent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.060 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4296 June 16, 2016 
of the Year award and was ranked in the top 100 Outstanding School Admin-istrators in North America by Execu-tive Educator magazine. He was named Administrator of the Year by the Ar-kansas PTA in 1995, received the Phoe-be Apperson Hearst Outstanding Edu-cator award from the National PTA in 1999, and a year later was the recipient of the Dr. Dan Pilkington Award by the Arkansas School Boards Association. These accolades are all well deserved. Dr. Gooden is actively engaged in the legislative process at the State and na-tional levels on behalf of education. He has served as a member of the Execu-tive Committee of the American Asso-ciation of School Administrators and served as the organization’s president from 2012–2103. Dr. Gooden has served his community, State, and Nation in a remarkable way in pursuit of better education opportunities for Arkansas students. He has been a resource for me over the years to keep up with the needs and challenges of our education sys-tem. Whether pursuing opportunities for students of diverse backgrounds, cheering the accomplishments of adult education graduates, or paving the way for advanced technology in the class-room, Dr. Gooden’s dedication to the young people of Fort Smith has made a positive impact on the community. Be-cause of this, Fort Smith will continue to benefit from Dr. Gooden’s work long after his retirement. I congratulate Dr. Gooden for his outstanding achievements in his career and thank him for his dedication to education, students and the commu-nity. I appreciate his friendship and en-joyed supporting his efforts to improve education. I wish him all the best in re-tirement and know that his wife Mar-tha and the rest of his family will enjoy the opportunity to spend more time with him.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM ROWLAND ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Fort Smith School Dis-trict athletics director Jim Rowland who will retire in June after serving the school district for over half a cen-tury. Rowland’s dedication to edu-cation and athletics in Fort Smith is nearly unprecedented. Jim Rowland has been involved in Fort Smith’s school district since 1963. He began work at Darby Junior High School as the head coach for track and football. In 1966, Rowland became an assistant coach to the football team at Northside High School and, in 1970, was named head coach at crosstown rival, Southside High School. After a successful coaching career, Coach Rowland moved to the adminis-trative sector becoming assistant prin-cipal in 1982 at Southside High School. Nine years later, Coach Rowland as-sumed the role of athletics director for Fort Smith Public School District. Under his watch, both Northside and Southside High School won a combined six State championships in football— more than any other school district in the 7A classification. During Rowland’s time as athletics director, he oversaw an extensive growth in athletics. Under his leader-ship, both Northside and Southside High school won State championships in track, volleyball, bowling, and golf. His passion helped improve athletics in Fort Smith to a level not seen be-fore. In 2009, Fort Smith School Board, in a unanimous vote, renamed South-side High School’s stadium, Jim Row-land Stadium as thank you for his services. I congratulate Coach Rowland for his outstanding achievements in athletics and education. I thank him for his service to the Fort Smith School Dis-trict and the countless students he im-pacted, including me. I was on the Darby Rangers football team in eighth grade when he started his coaching ca-reer in Fort Smith, and I was a mem-ber of the Northside Grizzlies when he became an assistant coach at the high school. Coach Rowland was a role model and one of the most positive in-fluences in my life, as well as so many others. His efforts to foster growth in the district and enhance athletics in Fort Smith have become reality. I greatly appreciate his commitment to the schools and athletic programs, his guidance and friendship, and I wish him continued success in all of his en-deavors. Fort Smith is fortunate to have had someone with his passion and dedication to the schools.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANCES DOLEZAL ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, on Janu-ary 9, 1915, the Dolezal family scurried around a humble homestead in Hingham, MT. The house had no heat, no plumbing, and no modern conven-iences to combat the bitter Montana cold. Jerry and Grace Dolezal had just welcomed a brand-new baby girl— Frances. Her brother Bob Dolezal says, ‘‘My father used to say, she was so small, she could have worn a ring as a bracelet.’’ Frances was a premature breach birth, and the family took turns huddling around her crib, a small dresser drawer, refilling a hot water bottle each hour to keep the newborn warm. Frances would survive that night and many more. She celebrated her 101st birthday this last January. I would like to take this time to rec-ognize and honor her service to-our- country and her contribution to the children of Montana. We are the land of the free because of the brave, and as we continue to face foreign and domestic threats I am humbled by the service men and women who have protected and served. In 1942 the United States faced a shortage of military personnel due to World War II. In an effort to fill the void, the Women Accepted for Emergency Volunteer Service program, or WAVES, was created and allowed women to enlist in the U.S. Navy. After her brother George Dolezal sur-vived the attack on Pearl Harbor, Frances was anxious to do her part and graciously enlisted in July of 1943. She was stationed on Terminal Island in San Pedro, CA, for the next 2 years, serving as a second class aviation ma-chinist mate, preparing airplanes be-fore they were shipped overseas. When the war ended, Frances re-turned to Montana and earned her bachelor’s degree in education from the Western Montana College of Education, now University of Montana Western, in Dillon. Frances would go on to be a first grade teacher and serve the com-munities of Cutbank, Malta, Havre, Zortman, Ledger and Browning for over 25 years. Frances was a tough teacher but fair. In Browning, where class attendance was low, Frances created an innovative cotton ball calendar tactic to motivate class participation. Her classes held the highest attendance rates and many of her schoolchildren would exit first grade with third grade reading levels. Her brother Bob says: ‘‘Her ability to motivate little ones was what I was al-ways impressed with. She instilled in them to never quit; keep trying until you can succeed.’’ On Frances’ 100th birthday she was showered with letters, cards, and gifts from her former students. One student, now a successful businessman in Bil-lings, MT, made it a priority to be in attendance for the celebration. The young man thanked Frances and said that, among all of his teachers and col-lege professors, Mrs. Ordway was his favorite. In an effort to ensure all female World War II veterans receive their World War II service medals, Frances was recently honored by the Montana American Legion in Chinook, MT. Frances was pinned with her World War II Victory Medal in honor of her service from 1943 to 1945. It is stories like Frances’s, the Dolezal family, and numerous others that remind us of the importance of preserving these stories through efforts like the Veterans History Project. Though many people may never know her name, Montanans and Americans owe her our appreciation. Thank you, Frances, for your patriotism and com-mitment to the education of young Montana minds.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTINA ARAGON ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I would like to call your attention to Christina Aragon, a recent graduate of Billings Senior High School. While in high school, Christina competed in track and field, gymnastics, was an active member of the National Honors Soci-ety and concert band, and was named the Gatorade Montana Track and Field athlete of the year in 2015. Christina is the youngest daughter of Chuck and Kathy Argon and is running her way into the record books. Christina, known as Teeny by friends and family, is a remarkable track and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.057 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4297 June 16, 2016 
field athlete whose events include the 400m, 800m, 1500m, 1600m, and the 3,200m. Over the course of her high school career, Christina earned nine State champion titles; three of those titles were earned while running with a broken elbow. On June 5, Christina attended the Payton Jordan Invitational at Stan-ford and completed the 1500m in 4:11.24. Competing in a packed race with mul-tiple professionally sponsored runners, this 18-year-old surprised everyone in attendance. On June 12, at the Port-land Track Festival, Christina defied expectations yet again and set a na-tional record of 4:09.27, becoming the third fastest 1500m high schooler in history, while simultaneously quali-fying for the Olympic time trials. This weekend, she will compete in the Brooks PR Invitational in Renton, WA, where she holds the record for the 800m at 2:04.00. Christina will also attend the Olympic time trials in Oregon on July 1, 2016. Christina represents the youngest of the Aragon track and field legacy. Her father was the first Notre Dame runner to break the 4-minute mile in 1981. Her mother competed in her third Olympic time trial in 2004, and her older sisters, Danielle and Alexa, hold multiple State champion titles and run together as All-Americans at Notre Dame. Christina will attend Stanford Univer-sity this fall and continue her track and field career. When asked about the Olympic time trials, Christina commented, ‘‘I’m ob-viously going to be pretty nervous, but I’m just going to try to channel that nervousness into more excitement be-cause that’s just an awesome oppor-tunity and I’m really lucky to be able to have that so I’m just going to go out there and have fun and run fast, hope-fully.’’ William Shakespeare wrote, ‘‘Though she be but little, she is fierce,’’ a quote that I feel resonates all too well with this determined and fearsome young lady. I ask that you join me in wishing Christina the best of luck in the com-ing weeks. I have no doubt that she will continue to make her family and Montana proud.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRENDA KADRMAS ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize a Havre Police De-partment dispatcher, Brenda Kadrmas. Originally from Conrad, Brenda is a 10- year veteran to the department. She acted in a swift and steadfast manner during a terrifying situation and put her extensive training to work in order to prevent a suicide. Brenda has taken full advantage of training opportunities—thankfully, she did; she was able to save a life. Thank you, Brenda, for your commitment to the department and the city of Havre. You have shown tremendous leadership and dedication, and for that, I am proud of you. Keep up the great work, and thank you for your service. ∑ TRIBUTE TO DAVE WICHMAN ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Dave Wichman, su-perintendent and assistant professor of agronomy at Montana State Univer-sity. He has dedicated 35 years of his life working in the agricultural re-search centers for the State of Mon-tana. Dave has worked with Montana Agri-cultural Experiment Stations since 1976, serving at both the Southern Ag Research Center in Huntley and Cen-tral Ag Research Center in Moccasin, MT. Dave has impacted forage crops, pulse crops, oil seed crops, cereal agronomy, and foundation seed. Dave, thank you for your passion, your knowledge, and your dedication. Montana thanks you for a job well done and wishes you the best. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. STEPHEN WELLS ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Dr. Stephen Wells for his service with the Desert Research Institute, or DRI, after being a signifi-cant team member for 16 years. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his years of hard work and commitment to making this institute the best it can be. Dr. Wells earned his master’s degree and doctorate in geology from the Uni-versity of Cincinnati in Ohio. He later served as a professor of geomorphology and chair of the graduate program in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of California, Riverside, jumpstarting his academic career. In 1976, he joined the University of New Mexico, serving as chair of the Depart-ment of Geology from 1989 to 1991. In both roles, Dr. Wells built internation-ally recognized research and graduate programs and enrolled 34 students into the programs. Beginning in 1995, Dr. Wells began his lengthy tenure with the DRI as execu-tive director of the Quaternary Sciences Center. Throughout the next 16 years, he worked diligently to climb the ladder and became president of DRI, one of the world’s largest multi-disciplinary environmental research organizations, located in our great State. The institute has 500 scientists, technologists, students, and other staff working to further develop nationally recognized research. Dr. Wells led the institute with three core divisions and four interdisciplinary science centers, which serve Nevada and regions across the globe with innovative research. Dr. Wells also helped to build the institute to a $50 million per year operation, compared to the $23.8 million in 1998. Residents across the State are fortu-nate to have had someone of such dedi-cation working on behalf of the insti-tute. During his time in Nevada, he emerged as a true leader within our community. Dr. Wells served as a grad-uate faculty member in the hydrological sciences program and the Department of Geological Sciences at the University of Nevada, Reno. He also served as a board member of the Economic Development Authority of Western Nevada and the Nevada Devel-opment Authority. In addition, he spearheaded various initiatives in un-manned aircraft systems technology, as well as helping position Nevada as a frontrunner in advanced technologies. I have worked with him personally on various Nevada priorities and am thankful to have had him as an ally in these initiatives. Dr. Wells has received three national awards in recognition of his work: the Geological Society of America Kirk Bryan Award, the Gladys Cole Award, and the Geological Society of America Farouk El-Baz Award. These accolades are a tremendous honor, and without a doubt, Dr. Wells’ work warrants this recognition. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in thanking Dr. Wells for his dedication to DRI throughout the past 16 years. He exemplifies the highest standards of leadership and service and should be proud of his meaningful ca-reer. I wish him well in all of his future endeavors and in his new role with the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AMBER PARSONS ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise today to honor Amber Parsons, an out-standing and accomplished young woman from Wheeling, WV. Amber, a recent graduate of Wheel-ing Park High School, graduated in May with honors and with an out-standing 4.0 GPA. She has received nu-merous Presidential Award Scholar-ships because of her outstanding effort and hard work and also attended the Global Youth Leadership Conference last summer with individuals from more than 30 countries. The Global Youth Leadership Sum-mit is both an academic and profes-sional opportunity for young men and women to not only enhance their aca-demic abilities, but grow personally and professionally as well. The summit immerses students in various cultures and gives them the opportunity to interact with policy officials, lobby-ists, journalists, and other industry leaders. It is a wonderful opportunity for young men and women to learn and grow on a professional and personal level. Amber is the only individual ever from West Virginia to be selected to at-tend this prestigious conference. While being selected from 3,700 applicants is an accomplishment in itself, she was also selected to return again this year. Less than 10 percent of previous attendees are asked to return, and Amber was included in that small per-centage. Aside from her outstanding academic work, Amber also helped to establish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.066 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4298 June 16, 2016 
St. Baldrick’s Day in Wheeling, a pre-miere childhood cancer research fund-raiser that is prominent throughout the State and has been for 13 years. Alongside all of her accomplish-ments, Amber also enjoys performing in stage productions and has performed in several, including ‘‘Scrooge,’’ ‘‘Foot-loose’’ among others. Amber Parsons is not only an out-standing student, but an accomplished individual as well. Being a member of National Honor Society, graduating from Wheeling Park with honors, and being selected to attend the Global Youth Leadership Summit, I am ex-tremely proud of this young woman for representing my State of West Vir-ginia.∑ 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LANSING ROTARY CLUB ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Lansing Rotary Club’s centennial. For 100 years, the Lansing Rotary has been a cornerstone of fellowship and service for those in the greater Lansing community. Throughout that time, it has remained committed to the core value of all Ro-tarians, ‘‘Service Above Self,’’ by en-hancing the quality of life of the City’s residents and helping shape business leaders into community leaders. Founded on May 29, 1916, the Lansing Rotary was the 232nd club in the world and the seventh in Michigan. Its com-mitment to service was demonstrated almost immediately; within the first 6 months, the club contributed funds to help erect a barrier at a dangerous curve on Okemos Road, generated en-thusiastic support for a citywide vote to establish municipal garbage collec-tion for Lansing residents, donated footballs to the poorly equipped Lan-sing Boys Industrial School, and began the tradition of hosting annual Christ-mas parties for children in need. What truly thrust Lansing Rotary into the spotlight was its organizing of the Cabaret Charity Ball in 1917. Cre-ated to pay for the paving of the road connecting Lansing and East Lansing, the State Journal called the Ball, ‘‘eas-ily the most talked of social event in the history of the city . . . it will be the marking of the growth of Lansing from a little city to the ways and hab-its of larger and more progressive cit-ies.’’ In a remarkable display for a club still less than a year old, the ball at-tracted hundreds of attendees and funded the paving of the road known today as Michigan Avenue, the road that leads directly to Michigan’s Cap-itol building. Like many rotary clubs around the world, Lansing Rotary gained a reputa-tion for its emphasis on providing unique services. Continuing the main trend of its work during that im-mensely successful first year, Lansing Rotarians became best known for their efforts in assisting disadvantaged chil-dren. In the decades that followed, the club purchased a 12-acre campsite and donated it to Boy Scouts; established an educational loan fund to send young people to college; created a dental pro-gram for children and youth; donated $10,000 for the establishment of Camp Ingham, a facility for troubled boys be-tween the ages of 14 and 17; and, in 2002, it contributed $100,000 to Lansing’s Helping Other People Excel, HOPE, scholarship program for Lansing at- risk youth. Today Lansing Rotary boasts a mem-bership of nearly 300 and continues to fulfill its mission of ‘‘Service Above Self.’’ Since its establishment 100 years ago, it has donated millions of dollars to Lansing-based organizations and continues to give through annual grants to organizations like the Great-er Lansing Food Bank, the Mother Te-resa House, and Lifetech Academy, Michigan’s cyber school. Moreover, it provides similar services internation-ally, including grants for small projects in the Philippines, India, and Mexico, and larger projects like the construction of a school in Sri Lanka after the tsunami. Through its gen-erous service to Lansing and helping shape business leaders and community leaders alike, Lansing Rotary is truly a pillar of mid-Michigan I am honored to ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the Lan-sing Rotary Club’s 100th anniversary and its service to the greater lansing community. As the organization moves into the future, I am confident it will continue to demonstrate the same high standard it set so profoundly 100 years ago.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 2:20 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 2276. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 812. An act to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 2137. An act to ensure Federal law en-forcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their fam-ilies, during a covered furlough. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1475. An act to authorize a Wall of Re-membrance as part of the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remem-brance; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, June 16, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2276. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5778. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress on the Profitability of Credit Card Operations of Depository Institutions’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5779. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘The 2015 Evaluation Report to the U.S. Congress on the Effectiveness of Coastal Wetlands Planning, Protection and Restora-tion Act Projects’’; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–5780. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Advisory Committee; Trans-missible Spongiform Encephalopathies Advi-sory Committee; Termination’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N–0001) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5781. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2012 and 2014 Regional Partnership Grants to Increase the Well-Being of and to Improve the Perma-nency Outcomes for Children Affected by Substance Abuse: Third Annual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5782. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Food Processing Sector Study’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5783. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.061 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4299 June 16, 2016 
Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicaid Incentives for Prevention of Chronic Dis-eases (MIPCD) Evaluation: Second Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5784. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Medical Criteria for Evalu-ating Respiratory System Disorders’’ (RIN0960–AF58) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 10, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5785. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Peace Corps, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the period of October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5786. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–411, ‘‘School Attendance Clar-ification Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5787. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘FY 2014 Outcome Evaluations of Administrator for Native Americans (ANA) Projects Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. EC–5788. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States to the President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate, transmitting, consistent with the War Pow-ers Act, a report relative to deployments of United States Armed Forces equipped for combat (OSS–2016–0856); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5789. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of Defense, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the current and future military strategy of Iran (OSS– 2016–0807); to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment and with a pre-amble: S. Res. 104. A resolution to express the sense of the Senate regarding the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of prosecuting first time illegal border crossers (Rept. No. 114–279). By Mr. BOOZMAN, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3067. An original bill making appropria-tions for financial services and general gov-ernment for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–280). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3068. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–281). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Donald Karl Schott, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Stephanie A. Finley, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana. Claude J. Kelly III, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Winfield D. Ong, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Indiana. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. K ING, Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. C OONS ): S. 6. A bill to reform our government, re-duce the grip of special interest, and return our democracy to the American people through increased transparency and over-sight of our elections and government; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 3063. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to discontinue using Social Security account numbers to identify indi-viduals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3064. A bill to provide for the award of medals or other commendations to handlers of military working dogs and military work-ing dogs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. B EN-
NET): S. 3065. A bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most fam-ily-like, and appropriate settings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 3066. A bill to protect taxpayers from li-ability associated with the reclamation of surface coal mining operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. BOOZMAN: S. 3067. An original bill making appropria-tions for financial services and general gov-ernment for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. 3068. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. TOOMEY: S. 3069. A bill to prevent terrorists from obtaining firearms or explosives; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. CASEY ): S. 3070. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to address the increased burden that maintaining the health and hygiene of infants and toddlers places on families in need, the resultant adverse health effects on children and families, and the limited child care options available for infants and tod-dlers who lack sufficient diapers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 3071. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 3072. A bill to combat terrorist recruit-ment in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. B
OXER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. W
ARREN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 3073. A bill to establish a commission to ensure a suitable observance of the centen-nial of the passage and ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution providing for women’s suffrage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. B
OXER , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): S. 3074. A bill to authorize the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to establish a Climate Change Education Pro-gram; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DURBIN: S. 3075. A bill to establish programs related to prevention of prescription opioid misuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. H OEVEN ): S. Res. 495. A resolution recognizing the Boy Scouts of America on the 100th anniver-sary of the organization being granted a Fed-eral charter and for the long history of herit-age and service of the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.027 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4300 June 16, 2016 
Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 496. A resolution condemning the terrorist attack on the Pulse Orlando night-club, honoring the memory of the victims of the attack, offering condolences to and ex-pressing support for their families and friends and all those affected, and applauding the dedication and bravery of law enforce-ment, emergency response, and counterter-rorism officials in responding to the attack; considered and agreed to. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. Res. 497. A resolution honoring the life and legacy of Gordon ‘‘Gordie’’ Howe; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. M
URPHY , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. Res. 498. A resolution designating June 15, 2016, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’ ; considered and agreed to. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. Res. 499. A resolution congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins for winning the 2016 Stanley Cup hockey championship; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mrs. B
OXER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. K
AINE, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R
EID, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S
COTT, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. Res. 500. A resolution designating June 19, 2016, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ): S. Con. Res. 41. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress on the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Sen-ator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Sen-ator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans dur-ing World War II. 
S. 2213 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2213, a bill to prohibit firearms dealers from selling a firearm prior to the completion of a back-ground check. 
S. 2218 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2218, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fit-ness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 2311 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2311, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2604 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2604, a bill to establish in the legislative branch the National Commission on Security and Tech-nology Challenges. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, a bill to improve access to durable medical equipment for Medi-care beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2873, a bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, tech-nology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients di-agnosed with a terminal illness in ac-cordance with State law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2924 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2924, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland. 
S. 3053 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3053, a bill to prevent a person who has been convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime, or received an enhanced sentence for a mis-demeanor because of hate or bias in its commission, from obtaining a firearm. 
S. 3059 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3059, a bill to reauthorize and amend the John H. Prescott Marine Mammal Rescue and Response Grant Program and for other purposes. 
S. 3060 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3060, a bill to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reimbursement ar-rangements. 
S. RES. 482 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 482, a resolution urging the European Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organiza-tion and to increase pressure on the or-ganization and its members to the full-est extent possible. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4691 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4691 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.031 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4301 June 16, 2016 
Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4719 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4719 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4720 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Sen-ator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4720 proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN: S. 3075. A bill to establish programs related to prevention of prescription opioid misuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3075 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Addiction Prevention and Responsible Opioid Practices Act’’. 
SEC. 2. OPIOID ACTION PLAN. 
(a) A DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) N
EW DRUG APPLICATION .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (4), prior to the approval of a new drug that is an opioid under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355), the Commissioner of Food and Drugs shall refer such drug to an advi-sory committee of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration to seek recommendations from such Committee. (2) P
EDIATRIC OPIOID LABELING .—The Com-missioner of Food and Drugs shall convene the Pediatric Advisory Committee of the Food and Drug Administration to seek rec-ommendations from such Committee regard-ing a framework for the inclusion of infor-mation in the labeling of drugs that are opioids relating to the use of such drugs in pediatric populations before such Commis-sioner approves any labeling changes for drugs that are opioids intended for use in pe-diatric populations. (3) PUBLIC HEALTH EXEMPTION .—If the Com-missioner of Food and Drugs finds that refer-ring a new opioid drug or drugs to an advi-sory committee of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration as required under paragraph (1) is not in the interest of protecting and pro-moting public health, and has submitted a notice containing the rationale for such a finding to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, or if the matter that would be considered by such ad-visory committee with respect to any such drug or drugs concerns bioequivalence, same-ness of active ingredient, or other criteria applicable to applications submitted under section 505(j) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(j)), the Commis-sioner shall not be required to refer such drug or drugs to an advisory committee as required under paragraph (1). (4) S
UNSET .—Unless Congress reauthorizes paragraphs (1) and (2), the requirements of such paragraphs shall cease to be effective on October 1, 2022. (b) E
DUCATION FOR PRESCRIBERS OF  O
PIOIDS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, as part of the Food and Drug Admin-istration’s evaluation of the Extended-Re-lease/Long-Acting Opioid Analgesics Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, and in consultation with the Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention, the Director of the National Institutes of Health, the Administrator of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, the Ad-ministrator of the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration, and relevant stakeholders, shall develop recommendations regarding edu-cation programs for prescribers of opioids re-quired to be disseminated under section 505– 1 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355–1), including recommenda-tions for which prescribers should partici-pate in such programs and how often partici-pation in such programs is necessary. (c) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-missioner of Food and Drugs shall issue guid-ance on if and how the approved labeling of a drug that is an opioid and is the subject of an application under section 505(j) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(j)) may include statements that such drug deters abuse. 
SEC. 3. OPIOID INFORMATIONAL DOCUMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 351 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 505–1 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 505–2. OPIOID INFORMATIONAL DOCU-MENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EVELOPMENT OF MATERIALS .—The Commissioner shall develop informational documents describing to consumers of opioid drugs the risk factors for opioid-related harm, and shall submit such documents to the Director of the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention for approval. ‘‘(b) L
ABELING REQUIREMENT .—The manu-facturer of any opioid drug approved under section 505 shall ensure that the appropriate informational documents developed under subsection (a), and approved by the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, are included in the labeling of such drug.’’. (b) E
NFORCEMENT .—Section 502 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(dd) If it is an opioid drug and the label-ing does not include the informational docu-ments required under section 505–2.’’. SEC. 4. STRENGTHENING CONSIDERATIONS FOR DEA NARCOTIC QUOTAS. 
Section 306 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 826) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i)(1) In fixing manufacturing quotas under this section the Attorney General shall take into consideration the impact of the manufacturing quotas on diversion and efforts to reduce the costs, injuries, and deaths associated with the abuse of prescrip-tion opioids and heroin in the United States. ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection and every year thereafter, the Attorney General shall publish the approved manufacturing quota for each manufacturer of fentanyl, oxycodone, hyrdocodone, oxymorphone, and hyrdomorphone for that year. ‘‘(B) For any year in which the approved manufacturing quota for a manufacturer for any substance described in subparagraph (A) is higher than the approved manufacturing quota for a manufacturer for the substance in the previous year, the Attorney General shall publish a report explaining why the public health benefits of increasing such quota outweigh the consequences of having an increased volume of such substance avail-able for sale, and potential diversion, in the United States. ‘‘(C) For any substance described in sub-paragraph (A) that is approved under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Attorney General shall publish a report explaining what factors were taken into consideration in setting the manufac-turing quota for the substance. ‘‘(3) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attorney General shall submit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(A) how the Attorney General will ensure that the process of fixing manufacturing quotas under this section takes into consid-eration efforts to reduce the costs, injuries, and deaths associated with the abuse of pre-scription opioids and heroin; ‘‘(B) formal steps that will be taken to im-prove data collection from approved drug collection receptacles, mail-back programs, and take-back events on the volume and class of controlled substances that are col-lected; and ‘‘(C) how the information described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) will influence the quota-setting process of the Attorney Gen-eral in the following year.’’. 
SEC. 5. CONTINUING MEDICAL EDUCATION AND PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAM REGISTRATION FOR PRE-SCRIBERS. 
Section 303 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k)(1) The Attorney General shall not reg-ister, or renew the registration of, a practi-tioner under subsection (f) who is licensed under State law to prescribe controlled sub-stances in schedule II, III, or IV, unless the practitioner submits to the Attorney Gen-eral, for each such registration or renewal request, a written certification that— ‘‘(A)(i) the practitioner has, during the 1- year period preceding the registration or re-newal request, completed a training program described in paragraph (2); or ‘‘(ii) the practitioner, during the applicable registration period, will not prescribe such controlled substances in amounts in excess of a 72-hour supply (for which no refill is available); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.033 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4302 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(B) the practitioner has registered with the prescription drug monitoring program of the State in which the practitioner prac-tices, if the State has such program. ‘‘(2) A training program described in this paragraph is a training program that— ‘‘(A) follows the best practices for pain management, as described in the ‘Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain’ as published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2016, or any successor thereto; ‘‘(B) includes information on— ‘‘(i) recommending non-opioid and non- pharmacological therapy; ‘‘(ii) establishing treatment goals and eval-uating patient risks; ‘‘(iii) prescribing the lowest dose and few-est number of pills considered effective; ‘‘(iv) addictive and overdose risks of opioids; ‘‘(v) diagnosing and managing substance use disorders, including linking patients to evidence-based treatment; ‘‘(vi) identifying narcotics-seeking behav-iors; and ‘‘(vii) using prescription drug monitoring programs; and ‘‘(C) is approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services.’’. 
SEC. 6. REPORT ON PRESCRIBER EDUCATION COURSES FOR MEDICAL AND DEN-TAL STUDENTS. 
Each school of medicine, school of osteo-pathic medicine, and school of dentistry par-ticipating in a program under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a et seq.), as a condition for such participa-tion, shall submit an annual report to Con-gress on any prescriber education courses fo-cused specifically on pain management and responsible opioid prescribing practices that such school requires students to take, and whether such courses are consistent with the most recently published version of the ‘‘Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain’’ of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
SEC. 7. REQUIREMENTS UNDER PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, each State that receives funding under the Harold Rog-ers Prescription Drug Monitoring Program established under the Departments of Com-merce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107–77; 115 Stat. 748), the con-trolled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3), or the Prescription Drug Overdose: Prevention for States program of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion shall— (1) require practitioners, or their des-ignees, in the State to consult the database of the prescription drug monitoring program before writing prescriptions for controlled substances (as such term is defined in sec-tion 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) in schedule II, III, or IV under section 202 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 812); (2) require dispensers of controlled sub-stances in schedule II, III, or IV, or their des-ignees, to input data into the database of the prescription drug monitoring program with-in 24 hours of filling a qualifying prescrip-tion, as required by the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, including patient identifier infor-mation, the national drug code of the dis-pensed drug, date of dispensing the drug, quantity and dosage of the drug dispensed, form of payment, Drug Enforcement Admin-istration registration number of the practi-tioner, Drug Enforcement Administration registration number of the dispenser; (3) allow practitioners and dispensers to designate other appropriate individuals to act as agents of such practitioners and dis-pensers for purposes of obtaining and inputing data from the database for purposes of complying with paragraphs (1) and (2), as applicable; (4) provide informational materials for practitioners and dispensers to identify and refer patients with possible substance use disorders to professional treatment special-ists; (5) establish formal data sharing agree-ments to foster electronic connectivity with the prescription drug monitoring programs of each State (if such State has such a pro-gram) with which the State shares a border, to facilitate the exchange of information through an established technology architec-ture that ensures common data standards, privacy protection, and secure and stream-lined information sharing; (6) notwithstanding section 399O(f)(1)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3(f)(1)(B)), authorize direct access to the State’s database of the prescription drug monitoring program to all State law enforce-ment agencies, State boards responsible for the licensure, regulation, or discipline of practitioners, pharmacists, or other persons authorized to prescribe, administer, or dis-pense controlled substances; and (7) in order to enhance accountability in prescribing and dispensing patterns, not fewer than 4 times per year, proactively pro-vide informational reports on aggregate trends and individual outliers, based on in-formation available through the State pre-scription drug monitoring program to— (A) the State entities and persons de-scribed in paragraph (6); and (B) the Medicaid agency, workers com-pensation programs, and the department of public health of the State. (b) TRANSPARENCY IN PRESCRIBING PRAC-
TICES AND INTERVENTION FOR HIGH PRE-
SCRIBERS .— (1) S
TATE REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Each State that receives funding under the Harold Rogers Prescription Drug Monitoring Pro-gram established under the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107–77; 115 Stat. 748), the controlled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3), or the Prescription Drug Overdose: Prevention for States pro-gram of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall, twice per year, submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Administrator of the Drug Enforce-ment Administration— (A) a list of all practitioners and dispensers who, in the applicable reporting period, have prescribed or dispensed schedule II, III, or IV opioids in the State; (B) the amount of schedule II, III, or IV opioids that were prescribed and dispensed by each individual practitioner and dispenser described in subparagraph (A); and (C) any additional information that the Secretary and Administrator may require to support surveillance and evaluation of trends in prescribing or dispensing of schedule II, III, or IV opioids, or to identify possible non- medical use and diversion of such sub-stances. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Director of the Indian Health Service, shall submit to Congress, and make public, a re-port identifying the geographic areas with the highest rates of opioid prescribing in the Nation, by zip code. (3) DEVELOPMENT OF ACTION PLAN .— (A) I
NITIAL PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Director of the Indian Health Service, shall submit to Congress a plan of action, including warning letters and enforcement mechanisms, for addressing outliers in opioid prescribing practices and ensuring an adequate Federal response to protect the public health. (B) U
PDATED PLAN .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress updates to the plan of action de-scribed in subparagraph (A), as such Sec-retary, in consultation with the heads of agencies described in such subparagraph, de-termines appropriate. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘dispenser’’ and ‘‘practitioner’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to any other amounts appropriated to carry out the Prescription Drug Overdose: Prevention for States program of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, for pur-poses of enhancing the utilization, interoper-ability, and integration of State prescription drug monitoring programs, there are author-ized to be appropriated $70,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
SEC. 8. DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PAIN-RELATED MEASURES UNDER THE MEDICARE HOSPITAL VALUE-BASED PUR-CHASING PROGRAM TO ELIMINATE FINANCIAL INCENTIVES TO OVER- PRESCRIBE OPIOIDS. 
Section 1886(o)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(o)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i)(II), by inserting ‘‘, subject to clause (iii),’’ after ‘‘shall’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) D
EVELOPMENT OF NEW PAIN -RELATED  
MEASURES .— ‘‘(I) M
ORATORIUM UNTIL NEW MEASURES AP -
PLICABLE .—For value-based incentive pay-ments made with respect to discharges oc-curring during fiscal year 2018 and each sub-sequent fiscal year (before the first fiscal year in which new measures are applicable under subclause (II)(cc)), the Secretary shall ensure that measures selected under sub-paragraph (A) (such as measures related to the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems survey) do not include measures based on any assess-ments by patients, with respect to hospital stays of such patients, of— ‘‘(aa) the need of such patients, during such stay, for medicine for pain; ‘‘(bb) how often, during such stay, the pain of such patients was well controlled; or ‘‘(cc) how often, during such stay, the staff of the hospital in which such stay occurred did everything they could to help the patient with the pain experienced by the patient. ‘‘(II) D
EVELOPMENT OF NEW MEASURES .— ‘‘(aa) D
EVELOPMENT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this clause, the Secretary shall develop measures of patient experience of care with respect to pain management that balance the breadth of effective pain management tools with awareness for the role of over-prescribing (including, if appropriate, opioid-seeking be-haviors) in the prescription opioid epidemic. ‘‘(bb) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall consult with relevant stakeholders in devel-oping measures under item (aa). ‘‘(cc) A
PPLICATION FOR VALUE -BASED INCEN -
TIVE PAYMENTS .—For value-based incentive payments made with respect to discharges 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.034 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4303 June 16, 2016 
occurring during a fiscal year beginning on or after the date on which the Secretary de-velops new measures under item (aa), the Secretary shall ensure that measures se-lected under subparagraph (A) (such as meas-ures related to the Hospital Consumer As-sessment of Healthcare Providers and Sys-tems survey) include such new measures.’’. 
SEC. 9. NATIONAL ACADEMY OF MEDICINE STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall enter into a contract with the National Academy of Medicine to carry out a study on the addition of coverage under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act of alter-native treatment modalities (such as inte-grative medicine, including acupuncture and exercise therapy, neural stimulation, bio-feedback, radiofrequency ablation, and trig-ger point injections) furnished to Medicare beneficiaries who suffer from acute or chron-ic lower back pain. Such study shall, pursu-ant to the contract under this paragraph, in-clude an analysis of— (1) scientific research on the short-term and long-term impact of the addition of such coverage on clinical efficacy for pain man-agement of such beneficiaries; (2) whether the lack of Medicare coverage for alternative treatment modalities impacts the volume of opioids prescribed for bene-ficiaries; and (3) the cost to the Medicare program of the addition of such coverage to treat pain and mitigate the progression of chronic pain, as weighed against the cost of opioid use dis-order, overdose, readmission, subsequent sur-geries, and utilization and expenditures under parts B and D of such title. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, pursuant to the contract under subsection (a), the Na-tional Academy of Medicine shall submit to Congress a report on the study under sub-section (a). (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary. 
SEC. 10. EXCISE TAX ON OPIOID PAIN RELIEVERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter E of chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4192. OPIOID PAIN RELIEVERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is hereby imposed on the manufacturer or producer of any tax-able active opioid a tax equal to the amount determined under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—The amount determined under this subsection with re-spect to a manufacturer or producer for a calendar year is 1 cent per milligram of tax-able active opioid in the production or man-ufacturing quota determined for such manu-facturer or producer for the calendar year under section 306 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 826). ‘‘(c) T
AXABLE ACTIVE OPIOID .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘taxable active opioid’ means any controlled substance (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 802), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section) manu-factured in the United States which is opium, an opiate, or any derivative thereof. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSIONS .— ‘‘(A) O
THER INGREDIENTS .—In the case of a product that includes a taxable active opioid and another ingredient, subsection (a) shall apply only to the portion of such product that is a taxable active opioid. ‘‘(B) D
RUGS USED IN ADDICTION TREAT -
MENT .—The term ‘taxable active opioid’ shall not include any controlled substance (as so defined) which is used exclusively for the treatment of opioid addiction as part of a medication-assisted treatment.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of subchapter E of chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Medical Devices’’ and inserting ‘‘Other Medical Products’’. (2) The table of subchapters for chapter 32 of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to subchapter E and inserting the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E . OTHER MEDICAL PRODUCTS ’’. (3) The table of sections for subchapter E of chapter 32 of such Code is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4192. Opioid pain relievers.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to calendar years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11. OPIOID CONSUMER ABUSE REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) O PIOID TAKE-BACK PROGRAM .—Section 302 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 822) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h)(1) The Attorney General shall estab-lish a national take-back program for the safe and environmentally responsible dis-posal of controlled substances. ‘‘(2) In establishing the take-back program required under paragraph (1), the Attorney General— ‘‘(A) shall consult with the Secretary and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; and ‘‘(B) may coordinate with States, law en-forcement agencies, water resource manage-ment agencies, manufacturers, practitioners, pharmacists, public health entities, trans-portation and incineration service contrac-tors, and other entities and individuals, as appropriate. ‘‘(3) The take-back program established under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall— ‘‘(i) ensure appropriate geographic dis-tribution so as to provide— ‘‘(I) reasonably convenient and equitable access to permanent take-back locations, in-cluding not less than 1 disposal site for every 25,000 residents and not less than 1 physical disposal site per town, city, county, or other unit of local government, where possible; and ‘‘(II) periodic collection events and mail- back programs, including public notice of such events and programs, as a supplement to the permanent take-back locations de-scribed in subclause (I), particularly in areas in which the provision of access to such loca-tions at the level described in that subclause is not possible; ‘‘(ii) establish a process for the accurate cataloguing and reporting of the quantities of controlled substances collected; and ‘‘(iii) include a public awareness campaign and education of practitioners and phar-macists; and ‘‘(B) may work in coordination with State and locally implemented public and private take-back programs. ‘‘(4) From time to time, beginning in the second calendar year that begins after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer from the general fund of the Treasury an amount equal to one-half of the total amount of taxes collected under section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to the Attorney General to carry out this sub-section. Amounts transferred under this sub-paragraph shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. (b) F
UNDING OF SUBSTANCE ABUSE PRO-
GRAMS .—From time to time, beginning in the second calendar year that begins after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer from the gen-eral fund of the Treasury an amount equal to one-half of the total amount of taxes col-lected under section 4192 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, as added by this Act, to the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration for programs of the Center, including the Block Grants for Prevention and Treatment of Substance Abuse program under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21 et seq.) and Programs of Regional and National Signifi-cance. Amounts transferred under this sub-section shall remain available until ex-pended. SEC. 12. GAO STUDY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study evaluating the various State laws, commer-cial insurance methods, and existing re-search on requirements that place limita-tions on opioid prescribing practices and pro-vide analysis on best practices to address over-prescribing of opioids, while ensuring that individuals who need such opioids can access them safely. Such study shall provide recommendations, including with respect to— (1) limiting first-time opioid prescriptions to a patient for acute pain to a 72-hour sup-ply; (2) allowing patients or practitioners to re-quest that a prescription for a schedule II opioid be partially filled by a pharmacist; and (3) pain management treatment contracts between practitioners and patients that es-tablish informed consent regarding the ex-pectations, risks, long-term effects, and ben-efits of the course of opioid treatment, treat-ment goals, the potential for opioid misuse, abuse, or diversion, and requirements and re-sponsibilities of patients, such as submitting to a urine drug screening. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 495—RECOG-NIZING THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA ON THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ORGANIZA-TION BEING GRANTED A FED-ERAL CHARTER AND FOR THE LONG HISTORY OF HERITAGE AND SERVICE OF THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. H OEVEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 495 Whereas the Boy Scouts of America was founded on February 8, 1910, in Washington, D.C. by Chicago publisher William D. Boyce after the ‘‘unknown scout’’ aided a lost Mr. Boyce through a dense London fog and re-fused a tip for the assistance; Whereas the birth of the Boy Scouts of America was based on the principles of the Scout Movement founded by famed British retired General Lord Robert Stephenson Smyth Baden-Powell; Whereas the Federal charter of the Boy Scouts of America was passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate, and was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.034 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4304 June 16, 2016 
signed into law by President Woodrow Wil-son, the Honorary President of the Boy Scouts of America, on June 15, 1916; Whereas, with the enactment of the Fed-eral charter, the Boy Scouts of America be-came the preeminent Scout organization for boys and was granted exclusive use of the name, ‘‘Boy Scouts of America’’; Whereas the Boy Scouts of America, with a Federal charter, joins other distinguished or-ganizations with a similar charter for service to the community, including the American Red Cross, the Girl Scouts of the United States of America, and the American Legion; Whereas the Boy Scouts of America con-tinues to prepare young people to make eth-ical and moral choices by teaching them the values of the Scout Oath and Scout Law; Whereas the Boy Scouts of America con-tinues to pursue the mission of ‘‘patriotism, courage, self-reliance, and kindred values’’ and the goal of providing ‘‘citizenship, serv-ice and leadership’’; Whereas both youth and adult members strive to fulfill the Scout Motto of ‘‘Be Pre-pared’’ and the Scout Slogan of ‘‘Do a Good Turn Daily’’; Whereas more than 2,400,000 youth and 1,000,000 adult volunteers are active members of the Boy Scouts of America, and more than 110,000,000 people in the United States have participated as members since 1910; Whereas the Cub Scouts is a family-ori-ented program of the Boy Scouts of America that has been designed specifically to ad-dress the needs of younger boys since its ori-gin in 1930; Whereas youth and adult members of the Cub Scouts strive to fulfill the Cub Scout Motto of ‘‘Do Your Best’’; Whereas the Venturing Program, the co-ed portion of the Boy Scouts of America, and the Exploring Program, the career initia-tive-based portion of the organization, con-tinue to serve older youth; Whereas special programs, including Scoutreach, the ‘History Of Scouting Trail’, and the national High Adventure Bases, con-tinue to bring Scouting to inner-city youth, educate people about the important history and heritage of the Scout Program, and pro-vide outdoor challenges and experiences for members of the Boy Scouts of America; and Whereas Boy Scouts and Eagle Scouts of the Boy Scouts of America organization pro-vide more than 28,000,000 hours of commu-nity service every year throughout cities and neighborhoods in the United States, includ-ing its territories: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes more than 100 years of serv-ice and leadership development by the Boy Scouts of America; (2) encourages the continued emphasis of the Boy Scouts of America on character building, responsible citizenship, and out-door stewardship; (3) applauds the Boy Scouts of America for instilling the values of the Scout Oath and the Scout Law in young people of the United States; and (4) congratulates the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica on the 100th anniversary of the granting of a Federal charter on June 15, 1916. SENATE RESOLUTION 496—CON-DEMNING THE TERRORIST AT-TACK ON THE PULSE ORLANDO NIGHTCLUB, HONORING THE MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE ATTACK, OFFERING CONDO-LENCES TO AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THEIR FAMILIES AND FRIENDS AND ALL THOSE AFFECTED, AND APPLAUDING THE DEDICATION AND BRAVERY OF LAW ENFORCEMENT, EMER-GENCY RESPONSE, AND COUNTERTERRORISM OFFICIALS IN RESPONDING TO THE ATTACK Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 496 Whereas, in the early hours of Sunday, June 12, 2016, a 29-year-old man from Ft. Pierce, Florida, killed 49 and wounded 53 in-nocent people in a horrific terrorist attack on Pulse Orlando, a lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender nightclub, during Latin night; Whereas the gunman, who was investigated in 2013–2014 by the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘FBI’’) for possible connections to terrorism, pledged his allegiance to the leader of the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘ISIL’’); Whereas President Barack Obama called the attack an act of both terror and hate as well as an attack on all of the people of the United States and the fundamental values of equality and dignity; Whereas the attack is the deadliest mass shooting in the modern history of the United States and the worst terrorist attack on United States soil since September 11, 2001; Whereas the law enforcement professionals of the city of Orlando and Orange County, Florida, the Florida Department of Law En-forcement, the FBI, and the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, and other emergency and health care profes-sionals responded to the attack bravely and admirably and in a coordinated manner, sav-ing many lives; Whereas following the attack hundreds of people stood in long lines to donate blood for those injured in the attack, and the people of Orlando, the State of Florida, and the United States expressed overwhelming support for the victims and their families regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, or sexual ori-entation; and Whereas the threat of terrorist attacks against the United States and the people of the United States persists, including the threat posed by homegrown terrorists in-spired by foreign terrorist organizations like ISIL: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the horrific terrorist attack on the Pulse Orlando nightclub on June 12, 2016, in which 49 innocent people were killed and 53 injured; (2) honors the memory of the victims killed in the attack and offers heartfelt con-dolences and deepest sympathies for their families, loved ones, and friends; (3) expresses hope for a full and speedy re-covery by and pledges continued support for those injured in the attack; (4) applauds the dedication and bravery of local, State, and Federal law enforcement and counterterrorism officials for their ef-forts to respond to the attack and secure communities; (5) stands together with all people of the United States, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, or sexual orientation, in the face of terror and hate; and (6) reaffirms the commitment of the United States and its allies to defeat the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant and other terrorist groups at home and abroad and to address the threat posed by homegrown ter-rorism. f SENATE RESOLUTION 497—HON-ORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF GORDON ‘‘GORDIE’’ HOWE Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 497 Whereas Gordon Howe (in this preamble re-ferred to as ‘‘Gordie Howe’’) was born in Flo-ral, Saskatchewan, Canada, on March 31, 1928, and was invited to his first tryout with a professional hockey team at 15 years of age; Whereas Gordie Howe entered the National Hockey League (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘NHL’’) in 1946 at 18 years of age when he joined the Detroit Red Wings and scored a goal in his very first game; Whereas Gordie Howe played right wing on the ‘‘Production Line’’, the most productive offensive scoring unit in the NHL from the late 1940s through the mid-1950s; Whereas Gordie Howe played 25 seasons with the Detroit Red Wings and led the team to 4 Stanley Cup championships; Whereas, in 1972, Gordie Howe was in-ducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame; Whereas, in 1973, Gordie Howe joined the Houston Aeros of the World Hockey Associa-tion (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘WHA’’) to fulfill a dream of playing hockey on the same professional team as his sons; Whereas Gordie Howe proceeded to win the Most Valuable Player award of the WHA and lead the Houston Aeros to the WHA cham-pionship; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.035 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4305 June 16, 2016 
Whereas Gordie Howe retired from profes-sional hockey in 1980, having scored 1,850 ca-reer points in the NHL, which are the third most of all time; Whereas Gordie Howe appeared in 23 NHL All-Star games, led the NHL in scoring 6 times, and won the Hart Memorial Trophy as the most valuable player in the league 6 times; Whereas, in 1997, at the age of 69, Gordie Howe came out of retirement to join the De-troit Vipers of the International Hockey League and became the first player ever to play professional hockey in 6 different dec-ades; Whereas the ‘‘Gordie Howe hat trick’’, a goal, an assist, and a fight in the same game, is named after Gordie Howe, though he had only 2 such games in his career; Whereas Gordie Howe is considered one of the greatest hockey players of all time and to millions of fans worldwide will always be known as ‘‘Mr. Hockey’’; Whereas Gordie Howe was predeceased by his wife of 56 years, Colleen Howe, who died in 2009 and was affectionately known as ‘‘Mrs. Hockey’’; Whereas Gordie Howe is so beloved throughout the United States and Canada that a new international bridge connecting Detroit and Windsor has been named in his honor; Whereas, on June 10, 2016, Gordie Howe died at 88 years of age, after a long career en-joyed by millions; and Whereas Gordie Howe is survived by his 4 children, many grandchildren and great- grandchildren, a sister, and by hockey fans across the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the life and legacy of Gordon ‘‘Gordie’’ Howe for his significant contribu-tions to the sport of hockey and the city of Detroit; (2) expresses its deepest sympathies and condolences to the family of Gordie Howe on his passing; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to the family of Gordie Howe. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 498—DESIG-NATING JUNE 15, 2016, AS ‘‘WORLD ELDER ABUSE AWARE-NESS DAY’’ Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. H ELL-
ER) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 498 Whereas Federal Government estimates show that more than 1 in 10 persons over age 60, or 6,000,000 individuals, are victims of elder abuse each year; Whereas the vast majority of the abuse, neglect, and exploitation of older adults in the United States goes unidentified and un-reported; Whereas only 1 in 44 cases of financial abuse of older adults is reported; Whereas at least $2,900,000,000 is taken from older adults each year due to financial abuse and exploitation; Whereas elder abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation have no boundaries and cross all ra-cial, social, class, gender, and geographic lines; Whereas older adults who are abused are 3 times more likely to die earlier than older adults of the same age who are not abused; Whereas 
1⁄2of all older adults with demen-tia will experience abuse; Whereas providing unwanted medical treatment can be a form of elder abuse and exploitation; Whereas public awareness has the poten-tial to increase the identification and report-ing of elder abuse by the public, profes-sionals, and victims, and can act as a cata-lyst to promote issue-based education and long-term prevention; Whereas private individuals and public agencies must work together on the Federal, State, and local levels to combat increasing occurrences of abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation crime and violence against vulnerable older adults and vulnerable adults, particu-larly in light of limited resources for vital protective services; and Whereas 2016 is the 11th anniversary of World Elder Abuse Awareness Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 15, 2016, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’; (2) recognizes judges, lawyers, adult pro-tective services professionals, law enforce-ment officers, long-term care ombudsmen, social workers, health care providers, profes-sional guardians, advocates for victims, and other professionals and agencies for the ef-forts to advance awareness of elder abuse; and (3) encourages members of the public and professionals who work with older adults to act as catalysts to promote awareness and long-term prevention of elder abuse by reaching out to local adult protective serv-ices agencies, long-term care ombudsman programs, and the National Center on Elder Abuse, and by learning to recognize, detect, report, and respond to elder abuse. f SENATE RESOLUTION 499—CON-GRATULATING THE PITTSBURGH PENGUINS FOR WINNING THE 2016 STANLEY CUP HOCKEY CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 499 Whereas on June 12, 2016, the Pittsburgh Penguins won the 2016 Stanley Cup hockey championship; Whereas the Penguins, in their 49th year playing in the National Hockey League (NHL), won their fourth Stanley Cup; Whereas the Penguins defeated the West-ern Conference Champion San Jose Sharks in the Stanley Cup Finals, clinching the series with 4 wins and 2 losses; Whereas the Penguins endured 3 tough op-ponents en route to the championship, de-feating the New York Rangers, the Wash-ington Capitals, and the Tampa Bay Light-ning to clinch the Eastern Conference title and win their fifth Prince of Wales Trophy; Whereas the city of Pittsburgh is fittingly nicknamed ‘‘The City of Champions’’, high-lighting the success of Pittsburgh profes-sional sports teams, which have tallied 15 championships; Whereas the Penguins have an active sell-out streak of 431 games, illustrating the love of the fans for the Penguins team and play-ers; Whereas Mike Sullivan took over as Pen-guins head coach on December 12, 2015, turn-ing around the Penguins season and leading the team to a second-place finish in the Met-ropolitan Division and a spot in the playoffs; Whereas NHL Hall of Famer Mario Lemieux and Ron Burkle have jointly owned the team for 17 years, saving the Penguins from relocation and maintaining the team for the city of Pittsburgh; Whereas Penguins General Manager Jim Rutherford made several critical trades to acquire talented players that fit perfectly into the Penguins upbeat style of play, in-cluding forwards Phil Kessel, Carl Hagelin, and Nick Bonino, who form the trio affec-tionately known as the ‘‘HBK’’ line; Whereas longtime Penguins radio an-nouncer Mike Lange is beloved by loyal fans of the team for such expressions as ‘‘Lord Stanley, Lord Stanley, get me the brandy’’; Whereas Penguins Captain Sidney Crosby, who has shown immense leadership, commit-ment to the team, and unparalleled skill throughout his outstanding career, was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as the 2016 NHL Playoffs Most Valuable Player; Whereas goaltender Matt Murray dazzled throughout the playoffs, maintaining his un-believably cool composure as a rookie on the biggest stage of hockey while compiling a 15– 6 record, a 2.08 goals-against average, and a 0.923 save percentage; and Whereas the entire Penguins roster con-tributed to the Stanley Cup victory, includ-ing Matt Cullen, Pascal Dupuis, Eric Fehr, Patric Hornqvist, Tom Kuhnhackl, Chris Kunitz, Evgeni Malkin, Bryan Rust, Conor Sheary, Oskar Sundqvist, Ian Cole, Trevor Daley, Brian Dumoulin, Justin Schultz, Kris Letang, Ben Lovejoy, Olli Maatta, Derrick Pouliot, Marc-Andre Fleury, and Jeff Zatkoff: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Pittsburgh Penguins and the loyal fans of the Penguins for becom-ing the 2016 NHL Stanley Cup champions; and (2) respectfully directs the Secretary of the Senate to transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the co-owners of the Pittsburgh Pen-guins, Mario Lemieux and Ron Burkle; (B) the President of the Pittsburgh Pen-guins, David Morehouse; and (C) the Head Coach of the Pittsburgh Pen-guins, Mike Sullivan. f SENATE RESOLUTION 500—DESIG-NATING JUNE 19, 2016, AS ‘‘JUNETEENTH INDEPENDENCE DAY’’ IN RECOGNITION OF JUNE 19, 1865, THE DATE ON WHICH SLAVERY LEGALLY CAME TO AN END IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mrs. B
OXER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R EID, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 500 Whereas news of the end of slavery did not reach the frontier areas of the United States, in particular the State of Texas and the other Southwestern States, until months after the conclusion of the Civil War, more than 2 
1⁄2years after President Abraham Lin-coln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.037 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4306 June 16, 2016 
Whereas, on June 19, 1865, Union soldiers, led by Major General Gordon Granger, ar-rived in Galveston, Texas, with news that the Civil War had ended and that the enslaved were free; Whereas African-Americans who had been slaves in the Southwest celebrated June 19, commonly known as ‘‘Juneteenth Independ-ence Day’’, as inspiration and encourage-ment for future generations; Whereas African-Americans from the Southwest have continued the tradition of observing Juneteenth Independence Day for over 150 years; Whereas 45 States and the District of Co-lumbia have designated Juneteenth Inde-pendence Day as a special day of observance in recognition of the emancipation of all slaves in the United States; Whereas Juneteenth Independence Day celebrations have been held to honor Afri-can-American freedom while encouraging self-development and respect for all cultures; Whereas the faith and strength of char-acter demonstrated by former slaves and the descendants of former slaves remain an ex-ample for all people of the United States, re-gardless of background, religion, or race; Whereas slavery was not officially abol-ished until the ratification of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States in December 1865; and Whereas, over the course of its history, the United States has grown into a symbol of de-mocracy and freedom around the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 19, 2016, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’; (2) recognizes the historical significance of Juneteenth Independence Day to the United States; (3) supports the continued nationwide cele-bration of Juneteenth Independence Day to provide an opportunity for the people of the United States to learn more about the past and to better understand the experiences that have shaped the United States; and (4) recognizes that the observance of the end of slavery is part of the history and her-itage of the United States. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 41—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE PESHMERGA OF THE KURDISTAN REGION OF IRAQ Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. C ON. RES. 41 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have been one of the most effective fighting forces in the military campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham (ISIS); (2) the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham poses an acute threat to the Iraqi people and territorial integrity of Iraq, including the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, and the security and stability of the Middle East; (3) the severe budget shortfalls faced by both the Government of Iraq and the Kurdistan Regional Government are hin-dering the stability of Iraq and have the po-tential to undermine long-term efforts to bring about the sustainable defeat of the Is-lamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; (4) the $415,000,000 pledged by the United States Government to the Kurdish Peshmerga in April of 2016, in coordination with the Government of Iraq, in addition to the $65,000,000 already provided from the Iraq Train and Equip Fund, should remain a pri-ority for the United States as part of the continued support for Iraqi Security Forces, including the Peshmerga, in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham; (5) the Peshmerga should receive all weap-ons and equipment that the United States, in coordination with the Government of Iraq, agrees to provide in an expeditious and in a timely manner; (6) the Peshmerga require equipment that will allow them to defend themselves and their coalition advisers against the increased use of vehicle-borne improvised explosive de-vices by the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham; (7) the Peshmerga are vital partners in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; and (8) in coordination with the Government of Iraq, the United States will endeavor to in-crease assistance to Iraqi Kurdish Forces to enhance their combat medicine and logistical capabilities, to defend internally displaced persons and refugees, and to defend the Peshmerga and their coalition advisers. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4721. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKUL-
SKI) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4722. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4723. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4724. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4725. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4726. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4727. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. G
RASSLEY  (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. L ANKFORD )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2577, to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the sub-stantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to in-crease research and development of new test-ing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the in-nocent, to support accreditation efforts of fo-rensic science laboratories and medical ex-aminer offices, to address training and equip-ment needs, to improve the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes. SA 4728. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4729. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4730. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. SHELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4731. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4732. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4733. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. L
ANKFORD , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4734. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4735. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4736. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4737. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4738. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. L EE, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4739. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4740. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4741. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4742. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4743. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.040 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4307 June 16, 2016 
SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4744. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4745. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4746. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4747. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4748. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4749. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORNYN ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4720 proposed by Mrs. F
EINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R EID, Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. K
AINE) to the amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra. SA 4750. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. M
URPHY  (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S
CHUMER , and Mr. C ARDIN )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2578, supra. SA 4751. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASS -
LEY) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4750 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M
URPHY (for himself, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. C ARDIN )) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra. SA 4752. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4751 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G RASSLEY ) to the amendment SA 4750 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. M URPHY (for himself, Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. C
ARDIN )) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra. SA 4753. Mr. SHELBY (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. N ELSON ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4754. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4755. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4756. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4757. Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. D UR-
BIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4758. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. HATCH , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4759. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4760. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4761. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. C ORNYN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4762. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4763. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4764. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4765. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4766. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4767. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4721. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 217, insert the following: S
EC. 2ll. (a) Of amounts made available by this title for the Office of Justice Pro-grams to be used for tribal criminal justice assistance, the Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Justice Programs shall use not more than $25,000,000 to replace outdated detention facilities located on Indian land that the United States has determined to be unfit for detention purposes and beyond re-habilitation. (b) In conducting activities described in subsection (a), the Assistant Attorney Gen-eral for the Office of Justice Programs shall give priority to detention facilities located on the land of Indian tribes with not fewer than 10,000 members and that demonstrate readiness and preparedness to commence construction. SA 4722. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 68, between lines 20 and 21, insert the following: S
EC. 218. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used— (1) to require or coerce an educational in-stitution to enforce, or suggest an edu-cational institution enforce, a more strict actionable harassment standard than that provided under subsection (b); and (2) by the Department of Justice to take action against an educational institution or State for not implementing guidance, in-struction, or a rule promulgated by the De-partment of Education regarding a more strict actionable harassment standard than that provided under subsection (b). (b) Speech shall constitute actionable har-assment only if the speech— (1) is directed at an individual; and (2)(A) is part of a pattern of targeted, un-welcome conduct that is discriminatory on the basis of race, color, national origin, dis-ability, religion, age, sex, or gender; (B) is severe, pervasive, and objectively of-fensive; and (C) so undermines and detracts from the victim’s educational experience that the vic-tim is effectively denied equal access to the institution’s resources and opportunities. 
SA 4723. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 80, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: G
ENERAL PROVISION —NATIONAL AERONAUTICS  
ANDSPACE ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 301. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to prepare a budget request for fiscal year 2018 that does not maintain development milestones and launch sched-ules for human exploration missions and pro-grams to which the Administration is for-mally committed or as otherwise identified by this Act. 
SA 4724. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.043 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4308 June 16, 2016 
Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 52, line 1, strike ‘‘$13,500,000’’ and insert ‘‘$25,000,000, of which $12,500,000 is des-ignated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)),’’. 
SA 4725. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2578, making appro-priations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V (before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. COLLECTION OF PAY DATA THROUGH EMPLOYER INFORMATION REPORT EEO–1. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) is responsible for enforc-ing title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), including section 701(k) of that title (commonly known as the ‘‘Pregnancy Discrimination Act’’) (42 U.S.C. 2000e(k)), section 6(d) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1963 (commonly known as the ‘‘Equal Pay Act of 1963’’) (29 U.S.C. 206(d)), title I of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12111 et seq.), the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.), section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 794), the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), and other Federal civil rights laws that prohibit discrimination in employment. (2) Employment discrimination can mani-fest in many ways including firing an em-ployee, paying an employee less, failing to promote an employee, or demoting an em-ployee, because of the employee’s race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, dis-ability, sexual orientation, or gender iden-tity. (3) Today, on average, women make just 79 cents for every dollar that men make. Afri-can-American and Hispanic women are paid just 60 cents and 55 cents, respectively, for every dollar that non-Hispanic White men are paid. (4) For 50 years, the Commission has col-lected employment data through the Em-ployer Information Report EEO–1, which pro-vides workforce profiles from private sector employers, categorized by race, ethnicity, sex, and job category. (5) Pursuant to section 709(c) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–8(c)), the Commission has the authority to collect pay data (including W–2 earnings and hours worked by employees) from employers. (6) The Commission recently proposed, and has the authority to finalize, a new rule supplementing the information collected through the Employer Information Report EEO–1 to collect pay data from employers in order to obtain insight into pay disparities across industries and occupations and strengthen Federal efforts to combat dis-crimination. (7) The data will help employers better un-derstand their pay practices and voluntarily address gender-based pay imbalances, as well as identify pay disparities that may warrant further examination by the Commission. (b) TRANSFER OF FUNDS FOR INFORMATION  C
OLLECTION .—The Secretary of Commerce shall transfer $1,000,000 of the funds made available by this Act from the appropria-tions account under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES  
AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘D EPART -
MENTAL MANAGEMENT ’’ of the Department of Commerce, to the appropriations account under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ of the Commission. Such transferred funds may only be used to finalize and implement the regulation referred to in the notice enti-tled ‘‘Agency Information Collection Activi-ties: Revision of the Employer Information Report (EEO–1) and Comment Request’’, pub-lished by the Commission (81 Fed. Reg. 5113 (February 1, 2016)). 
SA 4726. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2578, making appro-priations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V (before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. COLLECTION OF PAY DATA THROUGH EMPLOYER INFORMATION REPORT EEO–1. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) is responsible for enforc-ing title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), including section 701(k) of that title (commonly known as the ‘‘Pregnancy Discrimination Act’’) (42 U.S.C. 2000e(k)), section 6(d) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1963 (commonly known as the ‘‘Equal Pay Act of 1963’’) (29 U.S.C. 206(d)), title I of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12111 et seq.), the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.), section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 794), the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), and other Federal civil rights laws that prohibit discrimination in employment. (2) Employment discrimination can mani-fest in many ways including firing an em-ployee, paying an employee less, failing to promote an employee, or demoting an em-ployee, because of the employee’s race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, dis-ability, sexual orientation, or gender iden-tity. (3) Today, on average, women make just 79 cents for every dollar that men make. Afri-can-American and Hispanic women are paid just 60 cents and 55 cents, respectively, for every dollar that non-Hispanic White men are paid. (4) For 50 years, the Commission has col-lected employment data through the Em-ployer Information Report EEO–1, which pro-vides workforce profiles from private sector employers, categorized by race, ethnicity, sex, and job category. (5) Pursuant to section 709(c) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–8(c)), the Commission has the authority to collect pay data (including W–2 earnings and hours worked by employees) from employers. (6) The Commission recently proposed, and has the authority to finalize, a new rule supplementing the information collected through the Employer Information Report EEO–1 to collect pay data from employers in order to obtain insight into pay disparities across industries and occupations and strengthen Federal efforts to combat dis-crimination. (7) The data will help employers better un-derstand their pay practices and voluntarily address gender-based pay imbalances, as well as identify pay disparities that may warrant further examination by the Commission. (b) TRANSFER OF FUNDS FOR INFORMATION  C
OLLECTION .—The Secretary of Commerce shall transfer $1,000,000 of the funds made available by this Act from the appropria-tions account under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES  
AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘D EPART -
MENTAL MANAGEMENT ’’ of the Department of Commerce, to the appropriations account under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ of the Commission. Such transferred funds may only be used to finalize and implement the regulation referred to in the notice enti-tled ‘‘Agency Information Collection Activi-ties: Revision of the Employer Information Report (EEO–1) and Comment Request’’, pub-lished by the Commission (81 Fed. Reg. 5113 (February 1, 2016)). 
SA 4727. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. L
ANKFORD )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2577, to protect crime vic-tims’ rights, to eliminate the substan-tial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and ex-pand the forensic science testing ca-pacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase re-search and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of foren-sic science laboratories and medical ex-aminer offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the per-formance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
On page 6, line 2, strike ‘‘Of the amounts’’ and insert ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Of the amounts’’. On page 6, between lines 21 and 22, insert the following: (b) R
EPORTING .— (1) R
EPORT BY GRANT RECIPIENTS .—With re- spect to amounts made available to the At-torney General for a DNA Analysis and ca-pacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW EN -
FORCEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE OF  J
USTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’, the Attorney General shall require recipients of the amounts to report on the effectiveness of the activities carried out using the amounts, in-cluding any information the Attorney Gen-eral needs in order to submit the report re-quired under paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 month after the last day of each even-num-bered fiscal year, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report that includes, for each recipient of amounts described in paragraph (1)— (A) the amounts distributed to the recipi-ent; (B) a summary of the purposes for which the amounts were used and an evaluation of the progress of the recipient in achieving those purposes; (C) a statistical summary of the crime scene samples and arrestee or offender sam-ples submitted to laboratories, the average 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.045 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4309 June 16, 2016 
time between the submission of a sample to a laboratory and the testing of the sample, and the percentage of the amounts that were paid to private laboratories; and (D) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the grant amounts in increasing capacity and reducing backlogs. On page 37, between lines 21 and 22, insert the following: (10) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney Gen-eral awards a grant to an applicant under this Act, the Attorney General shall com-pare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to determine whether duplicate grants are awarded for the same purpose. (B) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— (i) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and (ii) the reason the Attorney General awarded the duplicate grants. On page 40, line 25, strike ‘‘sections 3663 and 3663A’’ and insert ‘‘each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitu-tion’’. On page 41, line 7, strike ‘‘sections 3663 and 3663A’’ and insert ‘‘each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitu-tion’’. On page 41, line 15, strike ‘‘sections 3663 and 3663A’’ and insert ‘‘each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitu-tion’’. On page 41, line 22, insert ‘‘or the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this title’’. On page 42, lines 21 and 22, strike ‘‘sections 3663 and 3663A’’ and insert ‘‘each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitu-tion’’. On page 43, line 3, insert ‘‘the’’ before ‘‘date’’. 
SA 4728. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the matter under the heading ‘‘ BUILD -
INGS AND FACILITIES ’’ under the heading ‘‘F
EDERAL PRISON SYSTEM ’’ under the head-ing ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’ in title II, strike ‘‘and of which’’ and insert ‘‘of which $6,000,000 shall be available to test methods and procedures to prevent illegal inmate telecommunications covering all commercial networks through managed ac-cess while not interfering with the legiti-mate use of the spectrum, and of which’’. 
SA 4729. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2578, making appro-priations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT REGARDING THE IMPLEMEN-TATION OF THE REGIONAL BIOSECU-RITY PLAN FOR MICRONESIA AND HAWAII. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—The Sec- retary of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget for fiscal year 2018 is sub-mitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, an annual report on the activities carried out by the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration to im-plement the Regional Biosecurity Plan for Micronesia and Hawaii. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an update of the activities carried out by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to implement the Regional Biosecurity Plan for Micronesia and Hawaii in the previous fiscal year; (2) a description of activities that the Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration intends to imple-ment to carry out such Plan; and (3) an estimate of the funds needed to carry out the activities referred to in paragraph (2). 
SA 4730. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. llll. Amounts provided by this Act or by any prior appropriations Act that remain available for obligation, for nec-essary expenses of the programs of the Bu-reau of Justice Statistics of the Department of Justice, shall be available to make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements or contracts with, public agencies, institutions of higher education, private organizations, or private individuals to disaggregate local, State and Federal criminal justice statistics to the extent possible by Hispanic origin and the racial group categories in the decennial census. The total amount of grants made under this section in any fiscal year may not be greater than $1,000,000. 
SA 4731. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 113, insert the following: S
EC. 114. The Secretary of Commerce shall use funds made available by this Act to carry out a prize competition as authorized by section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) to address coral reef health. 
SA 4732. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—KEEP OUR COMMUNITIES SAFE ACT OF 2016 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Keep Our Communities Safe Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. l02. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Constitutional rights should be upheld and protected; (2) Congress intends to uphold the Con-stitutional principle of due process; and (3) due process of the law is a right af-forded to everyone in the United States. 
SEC. l03. DETENTION OF DANGEROUS ALIENS DURING REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 236 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears (except in the sec-ond place it appears in subsection (a)) and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General—’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘condi-tional parole’’ and inserting ‘‘recognizance’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
AROLE ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ECOGNIZANCE ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘parole’’ and inserting ‘‘re-cognizance’’; (4) in subsection (c)(1), by striking the un-designated matter following subparagraph (D) and inserting the following: ‘‘any time after the alien is released, with-out regard to whether an alien is released re-lated to any activity, offense, or conviction described in this paragraph; to whether the alien is released on parole, supervised re-lease, or probation; or to whether the alien may be arrested or imprisoned again for the same offense. If the activity described in this paragraph does not result in the alien being taken into custody by any person other than the Secretary, then when the alien is brought to the attention of the Secretary or when the Secretary determines it is prac-tical to take such alien into custody, the Secretary shall take such alien into cus-tody.’’; (5) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’s’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .— ‘‘(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, an alien may be detained under this section for any period, without limitation, except as provided in subsection (i), until the alien is subject to a final order of removal. ‘‘(2) The length of detention under this sec-tion shall not affect a detention under sec-tion 241. ‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—The Attorney General’s review of the Secretary’s custody determina-tions under subsection (a) shall be limited to whether the alien may be detained, released on bond (of at least $1,500 with security ap-proved by the Secretary), or released with no bond. Any review involving an alien de-scribed in paragraph (2)(D) shall be limited to a determination of whether the alien is properly included in such category. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.045 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4310 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(2) C LASSES OF ALIENS .—The Attorney General shall review the Secretary’s custody determinations for the following classes of aliens: ‘‘(A) Aliens in exclusion proceedings. ‘‘(B) Aliens described in sections 212(a)(3) and 237(a)(4). ‘‘(C) Aliens described in subsection (c). ‘‘(D) Aliens in deportation proceedings sub-ject to section 242(a)(2) (as in effect between April 24, 1996, and April 1, 1997). ‘‘(h) R
ELEASE ON BOND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien detained under subsection (a) may seek release on bond. No bond may be granted except to an alien who establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien is not a flight risk or a risk to another person or the community. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN ALIENS INELIGIBLE .—No alien detained under subsection (c) may seek re-lease on bond.’’. 
SEC. l04. ALIENS ORDERED REMOVED. 
Section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears, except for the first place it appears in paragraph (4)(B)(i), and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by amending subparagraphs (B) and (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) B
EGINNING OF PERIOD .—The removal period begins on the latest of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the order of removal becomes administratively final; ‘‘(ii) the date on which the alien is taken into such custody if the alien is not in the custody of the Secretary on the date on which the order of removal becomes adminis-tratively final; and ‘‘(iii) the date on which the alien is taken into the custody of the Secretary after the alien is released from detention or confine-ment if the alien is detained or confined (ex-cept for an immigration process) on the date on which the order of removal becomes ad-ministratively final. ‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) E
XTENSION .—The removal period shall be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the Secretary may, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, keep the alien in detention dur-ing such extended period, if— ‘‘(I) the alien fails or refuses to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the re-moval order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, in-cluding making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents nec-essary to the alien’s departure or conspires or acts to prevent the alien’s removal that is subject to an order of removal; ‘‘(II) a court, the Board of Immigration Ap-peals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of removal of an alien who is subject to an administratively final order of removal; ‘‘(III) the Secretary transfers custody of the alien pursuant to law to another Federal agency or a State or local government agen-cy in connection with the official duties of such agency; or ‘‘(IV) a court or the Board of Immigration Appeals orders a remand to an immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals, during the time period when the case is pending a decision on remand (with the re-moval period beginning anew on the date that the alien is ordered removed on re-mand). ‘‘(ii) R
ENEWAL .—If the removal period has been extended under clause (i), a new re-moval period shall be deemed to have begun on the date on which— ‘‘(I) the alien makes all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order; ‘‘(II) the stay of removal is no longer in ef-fect; or ‘‘(III) the alien is returned to the custody of the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) MANDATORY DETENTION FOR CERTAIN  
ALIENS .—The Secretary shall keep an alien described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 236(c)(1) in detention during the extended period described in clause (i). ‘‘(iv) S
OLE FORM OF RELIEF .—An alien may only seek relief from detention under this subparagraph by filing an application for a writ of habeas corpus in accordance with chapter 153 of title 28, United States Code. No alien whose period of detention is ex-tended under this subparagraph shall have the right to seek release on bond.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or is not detained pursu-ant to paragraph (6)’’ after ‘‘the removal pe-riod’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) to obey reasonable restrictions on the alien’s conduct or activities that the Sec-retary prescribes for the alien— ‘‘(i) to prevent the alien from absconding; ‘‘(ii) for the protection of the community; or ‘‘(iii) for other purposes related to the en-forcement of Federal immigration laws.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and (5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL RULES FOR DETENTION OR  
RELEASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— ‘‘(A) D
ETENTION REVIEW PROCESS FOR COOP -
ERATIVE ALIENS ESTABLISHED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an administrative review process to determine whether an alien who is not other-wise subject to mandatory detention, who has made all reasonable efforts to comply with a removal order and to cooperate fully with the Secretary of Homeland Security’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including mak-ing timely application in good faith for trav-el or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, and who has not conspired or acted to prevent removal should be de-tained or released on conditions. ‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall make a determination whether to release an alien after the removal period in accordance with subparagraph (B), which— ‘‘(I) shall include consideration of any evi-dence submitted by the alien; and ‘‘(II) may include consideration of any other evidence, including— ‘‘(aa) any information or assistance pro-vided by the Secretary of State or other Fed-eral official; and ‘‘(bb) any other information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security per-taining to the ability to remove the alien. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY TO DETAIN BEYOND RE -
MOVAL PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may continue to detain an alien for 90 days beyond the removal period (including any extension of the removal pe-riod under paragraph (1)(C)). An alien whose detention is extended under this subpara-graph shall not have the right to seek re-lease on bond. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may continue to detain an alien beyond the 90 days author-ized under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary determines that there is a significant likelihood that the alien— ‘‘(aa) will be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future; ‘‘(bb) would be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future; or ‘‘(cc) would have been removed if the alien had not— ‘‘(AA) failed or refused to make all reason-able efforts to comply with the removal order; ‘‘(BB) failed or refused to cooperate fully with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure; or ‘‘(CC) conspired or acted to prevent re-moval; ‘‘(II) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary of Homeland Security certifies in writing— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, that the alien has a highly contagious disease that poses a threat to public safety; ‘‘(bb) after receipt of a written rec-ommendation from the Secretary of State, that release of the alien is likely to have se-rious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States; ‘‘(cc) based on information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security (including classified, sensitive, or national security in-formation, and without regard to the grounds upon which the alien was ordered re-moved), that there is reason to believe that the release of the alien would threaten the national security of the United States; or ‘‘(dd) that the release of the alien will threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or of any person; and ‘‘(AA) the alien has been convicted of 1 or more aggravated felonies (as defined in sec-tion 101(a)(43)(A)) or of 1 or more crimes identified by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity by regulation, or of 1 or more at-tempts or conspiracies to commit any such aggravated felonies or such identified crimes, if the aggregate term of imprison-ment for such attempts or conspiracies is at least 5 years; or ‘‘(BB) the alien has committed 1 or more crimes of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code, but not includ-ing a purely political offense) and, because of a mental condition or personality disorder and behavior associated with that condition or disorder, the alien is likely to engage in acts of violence in the future; or ‘‘(III) pending a certification under sub-clause (II), if the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity has initiated the administrative re-view process not later than 30 days after the expiration of the removal period (including any extension of the removal period under paragraph (1)(C)). ‘‘(iii) NO RIGHT TO BOND HEARING .—An alien whose detention is extended under this sub-paragraph shall not have a right to seek re-lease on bond, including by reason of a cer-tification under clause (ii)(II). ‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL AND DELEGATION OF CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(i) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may renew a certification under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) every 6 months after providing an opportunity for the alien to re-quest reconsideration of the certification and to submit documents or other evidence in support of that request. If the Secretary does not renew a certification, the Secretary may not continue to detain the alien under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II). ‘‘(ii) D
ELEGATION .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 103, the Secretary of Homeland Security may not delegate the authority to make or renew a certification described in item (bb), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.047 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4311 June 16, 2016 
(cc), or (dd) of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) below the level of the Assistant Secretary for Im-migration and Customs Enforcement. ‘‘(iii) H
EARING .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may request that the Attorney General or the Attorney General’s designee provide for a hearing to make the determina-tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(dd)(BB). ‘‘(D) R
ELEASE ON CONDITIONS .—If it is deter-mined that an alien should be released from detention by a Federal court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or if an immigration judge orders a stay of removal, the Secretary of Homeland Security may impose condi-tions on release as provided under paragraph (3). ‘‘(E) R
EDETENTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, without any limitations other than those specified in this section, may de-tain any alien subject to a final removal order who is released from custody if— ‘‘(I) removal becomes likely in the reason-ably foreseeable future; ‘‘(II) the alien fails to comply with the con-ditions of release or to continue to satisfy the conditions described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(III) upon reconsideration, the Secretary determines that the alien can be detained under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to any alien returned to custody pur-suant to this subparagraph as if the removal period terminated on the day of the redeten-tion. ‘‘(F) R
EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—A determination by the Secretary under this paragraph shall not be subject to review by any other agency.’’. 
SEC. l05. SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this title, any amendment made by this title, or the appli-cation of any such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid for any reason, the remainder of this title, the amendments made by this title, and the ap-plication of the provisions and amendments made by this title to any other person or cir-cumstance shall not be affected by such holding. 
SEC. l06. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) A PPREHENSION AND DETENTION OF  A
LIENS .—The amendments made by section l03 shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this title. Section 236 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act, as amended by section l03, shall apply to any alien in detention under the provisions of such sec-tion on or after such date of enactment. (b) A
LIENS ORDERED REMOVED .—The amendments made by section l04 shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this title. Section 241 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act, as amended by section l04, shall apply to— (1) all aliens subject to a final administra-tive removal, deportation, or exclusion order that was issued before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this title; and (2) acts and conditions occurring or exist-ing before, on, or after such date of enact-ment. 
SA 4733. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to relinquish the re-sponsibility of the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration with respect to Internet domain name sys-tem functions, including responsibility with respect to the authoritative root zone file and the Internet Assigned Numbers Author-ity functions. 
SA 4734. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to relinquish the re-sponsibility of the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration with respect to Internet domain name sys-tem functions, including responsibility with respect to the authoritative root zone file and the Internet Assigned Numbers Author-ity functions unless Congress affirmatively votes to authorize such relinquishment. 
SA 4735. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act for the establishment and man-agement of national marine sanctuaries may be used to prohibit commercial cargo vessel operations within the boundaries of any na-tional marine sanctuary that preserves ship-wrecks or maritime heritage in the Great Lakes, except that vessel anchoring outside of United States Coast Guard approved an-chorages may be restricted to preserve his-torical underwater artifacts within such sanctuary. 
SA 4736. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TAX RETURN IDENTITY THEFT PRO-TECTION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Return Identity Theft Pro-tection Act of 2016’’. (b) I
DENTITY THEFT FOR PURPOSES OF TAX R
ETURN FRAUD AND OTHER FRAUD AGAINST  
THEGOVERNMENT .—Section 1028(b)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) during and in relation to a felony under section 7206 or 7207 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or ‘‘(E) during and in relation to a violation of section 286, 287, or 641;’’. (c) SENTENCING GUIDELINES ENHANCEMENTS  
FOR VULNERABLE VICTIMS .—Pursuant to its authority under section 994 of title 28, United States Code, and in accordance with this subsection, the United States Sen-tencing Commission shall amend and review the Federal sentencing guidelines and policy statements to ensure that the guidelines pro-vide for a penalty enhancement of not less than 2 offense levels for a violation of sub-section (a) of section 1028 of title 18, United States Code, if— (1) the offense is punishable under subpara-graph (D) or (E) of subsection (b)(3) of that section, as added by subsection (b) of this section; and (2) the defendant victimized or targeted not less than 5 individuals who were— (A) deceased; (B) over the age of 55; (C) citizens of territories or possessions of the United States; (D) under the age of 14; (E) not required to file a Federal income tax return due to not meeting income cri-teria levels necessitating filing; or (F) active duty members of the Armed Forces. (d) S
TATE OF MINDPROOF REQUIREMENT FOR  I
DENTITY THEFT .—Section 1028 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) S
TATE OF MINDPROOF REQUIREMENT .— In a prosecution under subsection (a)(7) or section 1028A, the Government shall not be required to prove that the defendant knew the means of identification was of another person.’’. 
SA 4737. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 217, insert the following: S
EC. 218. (a) P ENALTIES FOR MARITIME OF-
FENSES .— (1) P
ENALTIES FOR VIOLENCE AGAINST MARI -
TIME NAVIGATION .—Section 2280a(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘punished by death or’’ be-fore ‘‘imprisoned for any term’’. (2) P
ENALTIES FOR OFFENSES AGAINST MARI -
TIME FIXED PLATFORMS .—Section 2281a(a)(1) of such title is amended, in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (C), by in-serting ‘‘punished by death or’’ before ‘‘im-prisoned for any term’’. (b) P
ENALTIES FOR ACTS OF NUCLEAR TER-
RORISM .—Section 2332i(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—Any person who violates this section shall be punished as provided under section 2332a(a).’’. (c) P
ROVIDING MATERIAL SUPPORT TO TER-
RORISTS PREDICATES .— (1) M
ARITIME OFFENSES .—Section 2339A(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘2280a,’’ after ‘‘2280,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘2281a,’’ after ‘‘2281,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.047 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4312 June 16, 2016 
(2) A CTS OF NUCLEAR TERRORISM .—Section 2339A(a) of such title, as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended by inserting ‘‘2332i,’’ after ‘‘2332f,’’. (d) W
IRETAP AUTHORIZATION PREDICATES .— (1) M
ARITIME OFFENSES .—Section 2516(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (p), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (B) in paragraph (q), by inserting ‘‘, section 2280, 2280a, 2281, or 2281a (relating to mari-time safety),’’ after ‘‘weapons)’’. (2) A
CTS OF NUCLEAR TERRORISM .—Section 2516(1)(q) of such title, as amended by sub-section (a)(2), is further amended by insert-ing ‘‘, 2332i,’’ after ‘‘2332h’’. 
SA 4738. Mr. LANKFORD (for him-self, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. L EE, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. J OHN-
SON) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: S
EC. 539. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into a civil settlement agreement on behalf of the United States that includes a term requiring that any donation be made to any nonparty by any party-defendant to such agreement. 
SA 4739. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 90, line 18, strike ‘‘fiscal year’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Provided, That’’ on line 20 and insert ‘‘fiscal year shall remain in the Fund and be available for obligation and expenditure for grants under such Act with-out fiscal year limitation: Provided, That, for fiscal year 2017, and each fiscal year there-after, the greater of $2,957,000,000 or the 3- year average of deposits into the Fund, shall be available for obligation during such fiscal year: Provided further, That’’. 
SA 4740. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. FIGHTING TERRORISM AND UPHOLD-ING DUE PROCESS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Fighting Terrorism and Up-holding Due Process Act’’. (b) P
REVENTING THE TRANSFER OF A FIRE-
ARM AND THE ISSUANCE OR MAINTENANCE OF A  F
IREARMS OR EXPLOSIVES LICENSE OR PERMIT  
TODANGEROUS TERRORISTS .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 922 the following: ‘‘922A. Attorney general’s discretion to prohibit transfer of a firearm and deny or re-voke a license or permit 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court’ has the meaning given the term in section 701 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881); ‘‘(2) the term ‘material support or re-sources’ shall include all actions prohibited by section 2339A; ‘‘(3) the term ‘terrorism’ shall include ‘international terrorism’ and ‘domestic ter-rorism’, as defined in section 2331; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘Terrorism Firearm Screen-ing List’ means the list developed by the At-torney General under subsection (b)(4). ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF TERRORISM FIREARM  S
CREENING LIST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General may develop a list of persons for whom the Attorney General determines, for each per-son, that— ‘‘(A) there is probable cause to believe the person is or has been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or in support of terrorism, or providing mate-rial support or resources for terrorism; and ‘‘(B) there is reason to believe the person may use a firearm in connection with ter-rorism. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Attorney General shall submit to the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court— ‘‘(A) the list of persons developed under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the information and documents, in unredacted form, supporting the Attorney General’s determinations as to which per-sons are included on the list. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION .—Using the list, infor-mation, and documents submitted under paragraph (2), the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court shall determine, for each person on the list, whether— ‘‘(A) there is probable cause to believe the person is or has been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or in support of terrorism, or providing mate-rial support or resources for terrorism; and ‘‘(B) there is reason to believe the person may use a firearm in connection with ter-rorism. ‘‘(4) C
ONSOLIDATED LIST .—The Attorney General shall establish a list of persons whom the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court determines meet the criteria described in paragraph (3), to be known as the ‘Ter-rorism Firearm Screening List’. ‘‘(c) P
ERIODIC UPDATING AND REVIEW OF  T
ERRORISM FIREARM SCREENING LIST.— ‘‘(1) U
PDATES TO THE LIST .—The Attorney General may, after the development of the Terrorism Firearm Screening List, add addi-tional persons to the Terrorism Firearm Screening List by following the procedures set forth in subsection (b) for each person to be added. ‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC JUDICIAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and once every year thereafter, the Attorney General shall submit to the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court the Terrorism Firearm Screening List. ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW .—The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court shall review the Ter-rorism Firearm Screening List submitted under subparagraph (A) to determine wheth-er any person on the list should be removed by reason of no longer satisfying the require-ments described in subsection (b)(3). ‘‘(C) P
RODUCTION OF INFORMATION .—Upon request of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court, the Attorney General shall pro-vide to the Court any information the Court determines necessary to conduct the review required under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) REMOVAL OF NAMES .—In conducting a review under subparagraph (B), if the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court deter-mines that a person should be removed from the Terrorism Firearm Screening List be-cause the person no longer satisfies the re-quirements described in subsection (b)(3), the Attorney General shall remove such person from the Terrorism Firearm Screening List. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY TO PROHIBIT FIREARM  T
RANSFERS AND TO DENY OR REVOKE LICENSES  
AND PERMITS .—In accordance with sub-section (e), the Attorney General may pro-hibit a person who is listed on the Terrorism Firearm Screening List in accordance with subsections (b) and (c), or for whom there is probable cause to believe the person is or has been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or in support of terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and there is reason to believe the person may use a firearm in connection with terrorism, from— ‘‘(1) participating in the transfer of a fire-arm under section 922; ‘‘(2) receiving or maintaining a firearms li-cense under section 923; and ‘‘(3) receiving or maintaining a license or permit for explosive materials under section 843. ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURE FOR PROHIBITING FIREARM  T
RANSFER OR DENYING OR REVOKING A LI-
CENSE OR PERMIT .— ‘‘(1) P
ROCEDURE WITH REGARD TO PERSONS  
INCLUDED ON THE TERRORISM FIREARM SCREEN -
INGLIST.—If the Attorney General prohibits the transfer of a firearm or denies or revokes a license or permit for firearms or explosive materials under subsection (d) for a person who is listed on the Terrorism Firearm Screening List— ‘‘(A) the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) not later than 7 days after the prohibi-tion, denial, or revocation, file a petition to sustain the prohibition, denial, or revocation in the district court of the United States for the district in which— ‘‘(I) the firearm transfer was attempted; ‘‘(II) the licensee or permit holder is lo-cated; or ‘‘(III) the applicant for a license or permit is located; ‘‘(ii) submit to the district court of the United States in which the petition de-scribed in clause (i) is filed, the evidence the Attorney General relied upon in determining that the person should be added to Terrorism Firearm Screening List and any exculpatory evidence that the Attorney General pos-sesses or has access to; ‘‘(B) the person to whom the prohibition, denial, or revocation applies, shall be enti-tled to— ‘‘(i) a hearing at which the person may be represented by counsel and a final judgment by the district court of the United States not later than 60 days after the date on which the attempted transfer of a firearm occurred or the Attorney General denied or revoked a license or permit for firearms or explosive materials; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of an appeal of the decision of the district court of the United States, a decision by the reviewing court not later than 90 days after the date on which the dis-trict court of the United States issues the decision; and ‘‘(C) the district court of the United States in which the petition described in clause (i) is filed— ‘‘(i) shall allow the Attorney General, for information the United States has deter-mined would likely compromise national se-curity, to submit summaries and redacted versions of documents; ‘‘(ii) shall review any summaries and re-dacted versions of documents to ensure that the person to whom the prohibition, denial, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.048 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4313 June 16, 2016 
or revocation applies is receiving fair and ac-curate representations of the underlying in-formation and documents; ‘‘(iii) shall ensure that any summaries and redacted versions of documents accepted into evidence are fair and accurate represen-tations of the underlying information and documents; ‘‘(iv) shall provide copies of any summaries and redacted versions of documents to the person to whom the prohibition, denial, or revocation applies; and ‘‘(v) shall not consider the full, undisclosed information or documents in deciding wheth-er to sustain the Attorney General’s decision to include the person on the Terrorism Fire-arm Screening List; and ‘‘(vi) shall issue an order that the Attorney General’s action prohibiting the transfer of a firearm or denying or revoking a license or permit for a firearm or explosive material was not authorized unless the Attorney Gen-eral demonstrates— ‘‘(I) there is probable cause to believe the person is or has been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or in support of terrorism, or providing mate-rial support or resources for terrorism; and ‘‘(II) there is reason to believe the person may use a firearm in connection with ter-rorism. ‘‘(D) R
ELIEF .—If a person who was subject to a prohibition, denial, or revocation de-scribed in this paragraph prevails in a pro-ceeding under this paragraph, including on appeal, the person shall be entitled to all costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, and the Attorney General shall immediately remove the individual from the Terrorism Firearm Screening List. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE WITH REGARD TO PERSONS  
NOT ON THE TERRORISM FIREARM SCREENING  
LIST.—If the Attorney General prohibits the transfer of a firearm or revocation of a li-cense or permit for firearms or explosive ma-terials under subsection (d) for a person who is not listed on the Terrorism Firearm Screening List, the following procedures shall apply: ‘‘(A) T
EMPORARY EX PARTE ORDER PROHIB -
ITING TRANSFER OR SUSTAINING REVOCATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General— ‘‘(I) may deny the firearm transfer or re-voke the license or permit for the period de-scribed in section 922(t)(1)(B)(ii); ‘‘(II) shall file an emergency petition to temporarily prohibit the attempted transfer or sustain the revocation of a license or per-mit for 7 additional days, with such petition being filed with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or a Federal district court (provided that if the Attorney General files with a Federal district court, the Attor-ney General can and will comply with all the requirements of this paragraph, including the requirement to submit to the court the information and documents, in unredacted form, that support the Attorney General’s petition); ‘‘(III) as part of the petition described in subclause (II), shall submit to the court the information and documents, in unredacted form, that support the Attorney General’s petition. ‘‘(ii) C
OURT REQUIREMENTS .—The court shall deny an emergency petition filed by the Attorney General under clause (i) unless the Attorney General demonstrates— ‘‘(I) there is probable cause to believe the person is or has been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or in support of terrorism, or providing mate-rial support or resources for terrorism; and ‘‘(II) there is reason to believe such person may use a firearm in connection with ter-rorism. ‘‘(iii) T
RANSFER ALLOWED .—If an order is not issued under this paragraph within the period described in section 922(t)(1)(B)(ii), the firearm transfer may proceed or the rev-ocation of the license or permit shall be can-celled. ‘‘(B) ADVERSARIAL COURT PROCEEDING TO  
OBTAIN A FINAL ORDER PROHIBITING TRANSFER  
OF A FIREARM OR REVOKING A LICENSE OR PER -
MIT.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Attorney General wishes to extend an order that is issued under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II)— ‘‘(I) the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(aa) within 7 days after the order was granted under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II), file a petition for a final order prohibiting the transfer of a firearm or sustaining the rev-ocation of a license or permit, with such pe-tition being filed in the district court of the United States in which the firearm transfer was attempted or the licensee or permit holder is located; ‘‘(bb) submit to the district court of the United States in which the petition de-scribed in item (aa) is filed, the evidence sup-porting the Attorney General’s petition and any exculpatory evidence that the Attorney General possesses or has access to; ‘‘(II) the person whose attempted firearm transfer was blocked shall be entitled to— ‘‘(aa) a hearing at which the person may be represented by counsel and a final judgment by the district court of the United States not later than 60 days after the date on which the attempted transfer of a firearm occurred or Attorney General revoked a license or permit for firearms or explosive materials; and ‘‘(bb) in the case of an appeal of the deci-sion of the district court of the United States, a decision by the reviewing court not later than 90 days after the date on which the district court of the United States issues the decision; and ‘‘(III) the district court of the United States in which the petition described in subclause (I) was filed— ‘‘(aa) shall allow the Attorney General, for information the United States has deter-mined would likely compromise national se-curity, to submit summaries and redacted versions of documents ‘‘(bb) shall review any summaries and re-dacted versions of documents to ensure that the person to whom the prohibition or rev-ocation applies is receiving fair and accurate representations of the underlying informa-tion and documents; ‘‘(cc) shall ensure that any summaries and redacted versions of documents accepted into evidence are fair and accurate represen-tations of the underlying information and documents; ‘‘(dd) shall provide copies of any sum-maries and redacted versions of documents to the person to whom the prohibition or revocation applies; and ‘‘(ee) shall not consider the full, undis-closed information or documents in deciding whether to sustain the Attorney General’s prohibition or revocation; and ‘‘(ff) shall issue an order rejecting the At-torney General’s petition unless the Attor-ney General demonstrates there is probable cause to believe the person is or has been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or in support of terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and there is reason to believe such person may use a firearm in connection with terrorism. ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT .—The temporary, ex parte order issued under paragraph (A) shall re-main in effect until the proceeding under this paragraph is resolved. ‘‘(iii) R
ELIEF .—If a person who was prohib-ited from participating in the transfer of a firearm or had a license or permit for fire-arms or explosive materials revoked prevails in a proceeding under clause (i), including on appeal, the person shall be entitled to all costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, and the Attorney General shall immediately remove the individual from the Terrorism Firearm Screening List. ‘‘(iv) ADDITION TO TERRORISM FIREARM  
SCREENING LIST .—If the Attorney General prevails in a proceeding under clause (i), in-cluding on appeal, the Attorney General may add the person to the Terrorism Firearm Screening List.’’. (c) T
RANSPARENCY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report providing the fol-lowing information: (1) The number of persons added to the Terrorism Firearm Screening List estab-lished under section 922A of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act, during the reporting period. (2) The number of persons whose names the Attorney General submitted to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court pursuant to section 922A(b)(2) of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act, during the re-porting period. (3) The number of persons described in paragraph (2) whom the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court determined, pursuant to section 922A(b)(2) of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act, that there was not— (A) probable cause to believe the person is or has been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or in support of terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism; or (B) reason to believe the person may use a firearm in connection with terrorism. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 922 the following: ‘‘922A. Attorney general’s discretion to pro-hibit transfer of a firearm and deny or revoke a license or per-mit.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 922(t) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) 3 business days (meaning a day on which State offices are open) have elapsed since the licensee contacted the system; and ‘‘(iii) the system has not notified the li-censee that— ‘‘(I) the receipt of a firearm by such other person would violate subsection (g) or (n) of this section or State law; or ‘‘(II) that the transfer has been prohibited pursuant to section 922A of this title;’’; (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, and the transfer has not been prohibited pursu-ant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) was issued after a check of the sys-tem established pursuant to paragraph (1);’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (iii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.056 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4314 June 16, 2016 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) the State issuing the permit agrees to deny the permit application if the applicant is included on the Terrorism Firearm Screening List established by section 922A of this title or to revoke the permit if a court order is entered pursuant to section 922A(e) of this title.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, or that the person is prohibited from participating in a firearm transfer pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, or that the person is prohibited from participating in a firearm transfer pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’. (3) U
NLAWFUL SALE OR DISPOSITION OF FIRE -
ARM BASED UPON ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL .—Section 922(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) is prohibited from participating in a firearm transfer pursuant to section 922A of this title.’’. (4) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE -
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 922(g) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (9), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) who has received actual notice of an order entered by a court pursuant to section 922A(e) of this title,’’. (5) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE -
NIAL OF FEDERAL FIREARMS LICENSES .—Sec- tion 923(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (iii); (B) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘de-vice).’’ and inserting ‘‘device); and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) the applicant is not on the Terrorism Firearm Screening List established by sec-tion 922A of this title or subject to an order entered by a court pursuant to section 922A(e) of this title.’’. (6) D
ISCRETIONARY REVOCATION OF FEDERAL  
FIREARMS LICENSES .—Section 923(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘revoke any license’’ and inserting: ‘‘revoke— ‘‘(A) any license;’’; (C) by striking ‘‘. The Attorney General may, after notice and opportunity for hear-ing, revoke the license’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) the license; and’’; (D) by striking ‘‘. The Secretary’s action’’ and inserting: ‘‘; or ‘‘(C) any license issued under this section if the Attorney General determines that the holder of such license (including any respon-sible person) is on the Terrorism Firearm Screening List established by section 922A of this title. ‘‘(2) The Attorney General’s action’’. (7) P
ROVISION OF GROUNDS UNDERLYING IN -
ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION BY THE NATIONAL  
INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYS -
TEM.—Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘date of the request’’ and inserting ‘‘date of the re-quest, provided that if the individual is ineli-gible by virtue of being included on the Ter-rorism Firearm Screening List established under section 922A of title 18, United States Code or being subject to a court order under section 922A(e) of title 18, United States Code, the system shall state only that the individual is barred by section 922A of title 18, United States Code.’’; and (B) in subsection (g), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or that the individual is pro-hibited from engaging in a firearm transfer pursuant to section 922A of title 18, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘or State law,’’. (8) UNLAWFUL DISTRIBUTION OF EXPLOSIVES  
BASED UPON ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL .—Section 842(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (9), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) who has received actual notice of an order entered by a court pursuant to section 922A(e) of this title.’’. (9) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE -
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 842(i) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘; or’’ at the end; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) who has received actual notice of an order entered by a court pursuant to section 922A(e) of this title,’’. (10) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE -
NIAL OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LICENSES AND  
PERMITS .—Section 843(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (6) by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) in paragraph (7) by striking ‘‘valid.’’ And inserting ‘‘valid; and’’ (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) the applicant is not disqualified pursu-ant to section 922A of this title.’’. (11) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY  
REVOCATION OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LICENSES  
AND PERMITS .—Section 843(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘is included on the Terrorism Firearm Screening List established by section 922A of this title or subject to an order entered by a district court of the United States pursuant to section 922A(e) of this title,’’ after ‘‘this chapter,’’. (12) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’S ABILITY TO WITH -
HOLD INFORMATION IN EXPLOSIVES LICENSE AND  
PERMIT DENIAL AND REVOCATION SUITS .—Sec- tion 843(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1), by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘However, if the denial or revocation is based upon the person being disqualified pursuant to section 922A of this title any information which the Attorney General relied on for adding the person to the Terrorism Firearm Screening List established by section 922A of this title or obtaining a court order under section 922A(e) of this title, this determination may be withheld from the petitioner if the Attor-ney General determines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security.’’. (13) A
BILITY TO WITHHOLD INFORMATION IN  
COMMUNICATIONS TO EMPLOYERS .—Section 843(h)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or in subsection (j) of this section (on grounds of terrorism)’’ after ‘‘section 842(i)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘or in subsection (j) of this section,’’ after ‘‘section 842(i),’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except that any information that the Attorney Gen-eral relied on for adding the person to the Terrorism Firearm Screening List estab-lished by section 922A of this title or obtain-ing a court order under section 922A(e) of this title may be withheld if the Attorney General concludes that disclosure of the in-formation would likely compromise national security’’ after ‘‘determination’’. SA 4741. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the Government of the United States to estab-lish or implement a policy that discourages or prohibits the selection of a location for travel, an event, a meeting, or a conference because the location is perceived to be a re-sort or vacation destination. 
SA 4742. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: S
EC. 5ll. Hereafter, the Attorney General shall establish a process by which— (1) the Attorney General and Federal, State, and local law enforcement are imme-diately notified, as appropriate, of any re-quest to transfer a firearm or explosive to a person who is, or within the previous 5 years was, investigated as a known or suspected terrorist; (2) the Attorney General may delay the transfer of the firearm or explosive for a pe-riod not to exceed 3 business days and file an emergency petition in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the transfer of the firearm or explosive, and such emergency pe-tition and subsequent hearing shall receive the highest possible priority on the docket of the court of competent jurisdiction and be subject to the Classified Information Proce-dures Act (18 U.S.C. App.); (3) the transferee receives actual notice of the hearing and is provided with an oppor-tunity to participate with counsel and the emergency petition shall be granted if the court finds that there is probable cause to believe that the transferee has committed, conspired to commit, attempted to commit, or will commit an act of terrorism, and if the petition is denied, the Government shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and at-torneys’ fees; (4) the Attorney General may arrest and detain the transferee for whom an emer-gency petition has been filed where probable cause exists to believe that the individual has committed, conspired to commit, or at-tempted to commit an act of terrorism; and (5) the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation annually reviews and certifies the identities of known or suspected terror-ists under this section and the appropriate-ness of such designation. 
SA 4743. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.057 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4315 June 16, 2016 
and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. Pretrial services programs re-ceiving funds through the Edward Byrne Me-morial Justice Assistance Grant program under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.) or any other De-partment of Justice grant program shall re-port annually— (1) the names of all persons participating in pretrial release programs administered by the pretrial services program; (2) whether those persons appeared for trial and other post-release court dates; (3) any previous arrests of program partici-pants; and (4) any previous failures by program par-ticipants to appear for trial or other post-re-lease court dates. 
SA 4744. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: S
EC. 5ll. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration to make, or to report to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, a determination that an individual has been adjudicated as a mental defective for purposes of subsections (d)(4) and (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available under this Act may be used by the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System to receive information from the Commissioner of the Social Secu-rity Administration regarding a determina-tion described in subsection (a). 
SA 4745. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. No funds made available by this Act may be used to prosecute crimes that do not require any proof of criminal in-tent unless it is clear from the text of the statute or regulation defining the crime that proof of criminal intent is not required. 
SA 4746. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. (a) It is the sense of Congress that when a statute or regulation defining a criminal offense fails to specify the state of mind required for conviction, a court should read a default standard of willfulness into the statute or regulation unless it is clear from the text of the statute or regulation that Congress or the agency affirmatively in-tended not to require the Government to prove any state of mind. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘willfulness’’ means acting with knowledge that one’s con-duct is unlawful. 
SA 4747. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO INTERNATIONAL DATA PRIVACY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) When the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Public Law 99–508; 100 Stat. 1848) (in this section referred to as ‘‘ECPA’’) was enacted in 1986, no one could have envi-sioned the globalization of the Internet and electronic communications. (2) Today, multinational companies serve their customers around the world by storing and transferring data through a complex net-work of global data centers. (3) Because ECPA never contemplated the global networks that technology companies operate today, ECPA presents unique chal-lenges for a number of industries that in-creasingly face a conflict between Federal law in the United States and the laws of other countries. For example, when a tech-nology company receives a demand from a Federal law enforcement agency to turn over data on behalf of foreign customers, that company is forced to make a difficult deci-sion: either comply with the demand and sat-isfy Federal law or risk violating the privacy laws of the host country. The same is true in reverse because when foreign governments compel global providers to disclose informa-tion, even information about the citizens of those governments, Federal law in the United States sometimes prohibits the pro-viders from complying. (4) Modernizing ECPA to better reflect the truly global nature of global technology will— (A) better serve the interests of law en-forcement, both in the United States and abroad; (B) protect individual privacy; and (C) promote innovation and the free flow of information. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Federal Government— (1) must safeguard data throughout the world from unauthorized access by law en-forcement agencies; and (2) should— (A) require law enforcement agencies in the United States to obtain a warrant for all electronic content; (B) create a clear international legal framework that provides law enforcement agencies with an efficient process to obtain information while— (i) protecting the privacy of all individ-uals; and (ii) respecting the laws of other countries; and (C) strengthen the Mutual Legal Assist-ance Treaty process by providing greater ef-ficiency, accessibility, transparency, and ac-countability. SA 4748. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO WILLFUL INFRINGEMENT IN PAT-ENT CASES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On June 13, 2016, the Supreme Court of the United States held in Halo Electronics, Inc. v. Pulse Electronics, Inc. (in this section referred to as ‘‘Halo’’), that the 2-part test for awarding enhanced damages under sec-tion 284 of title 35, United States Code, as ar-ticulated in In re Seagate Technology, LLC, 497 F.3d 1360 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (en banc) (in this section referred to as ‘‘Seagate’’), was incon-sistent with the intent of that section. (2) In 2011, when Congress enacted Public Law 112–29, the standard articulated by the Federal Circuit for willful infringement under Seagate was the established judicial interpretation of section 284 of title 35, United States Code, with respect to awarding enhanced damages in a patent case. The leg-islative history of section 284 after Seagate was decided shows that Congress was well aware of the Seagate standard and explored the impact of Seagate on the issue of en-hanced damages. (3) Ultimately, Congress did not sub-stantively amend section 284 of title 35, United States Code, knowing that no action from Congress would be required to ensure that the standard established in Seagate would remain in place and continue to gov-ern the enhancement analysis under that section. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Seagate standard has governed and continues to govern the enhanced damages analysis under section 284 of title 35, United States Code; and (2) this intent of Congress should be con-sidered in any decisions interpreting that section. 
SA 4749. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORNYN ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4720 proposed by Mrs. F
EINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. R EID, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. K
AINE) to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for him-self and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.046 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4316 June 16, 2016 
2578, making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following: S
EC. 5ll. Hereafter, the Attorney General shall establish a process by which— (1) the Attorney General and Federal, State, and local law enforcement are imme-diately notified, as appropriate, of any re-quest to transfer a firearm or explosive to a person who is, or within the previous 5 years was, investigated as a known or suspected terrorist; (2) the Attorney General may delay the transfer of the firearm or explosive for a pe-riod not to exceed 3 business days and file an emergency petition in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the transfer of the firearm or explosive, and such emergency pe-tition and subsequent hearing shall receive the highest possible priority on the docket of the court of competent jurisdiction and be subject to the Classified Information Proce-dures Act (18 U.S.C. App.); (3) the transferee receives actual notice of the hearing and is provided with an oppor-tunity to participate with counsel and the emergency petition shall be granted if the court finds that there is probable cause to believe that the transferee has committed, conspired to commit, attempted to commit, or will commit an act of terrorism, and if the petition is denied, the Government shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and at-torneys’ fees; (4) the Attorney General may arrest and detain the transferee for whom an emer-gency petition has been filed where probable cause exists to believe that the individual has committed, conspired to commit, or at-tempted to commit an act of terrorism; and (5) the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation annually reviews and certifies the identities of known or suspected terror-ists under this section and the appropriate-ness of such designation. 
SA 4750. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M
URPHY (for himself, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. C
ARDIN )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE VI—FIXING GUN CHECKS 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Fix Gun Checks Act of 2016’’. Subtitle A—Ensuring That All Individuals Who Should Be Prohibited From Buying a Gun Are Listed in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System 
SEC. 611. PENALTIES FOR STATES THAT DO NOT MAKE DATA ELECTRONICALLY AVAILABLE TO THE NATIONAL IN-STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
Section 102(b) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Attorney General, in coordination with the States, shall establish, for each State or In-dian tribal government, a plan to ensure maximum coordination and automation of the reporting of records or making of records available to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, during a 4-year period speci-fied in the plan. ‘‘(2) BENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each such plan shall include annual benchmarks, in-cluding qualitative goals and quantitative measures, to enable the Attorney General to assess implementation of the plan. ‘‘(3) P
ENALTIES FOR NONCOMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During the 4-year period covered by such a plan, the Attorney General shall withhold the following percentage of the amount that would otherwise be allo-cated to a State under section 505 of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark established under para-graph (2) for the following year in the period: ‘‘(i) 10 percent, in the case of the 1st year in the period. ‘‘(ii) 11 percent, in the case of the 2nd year in the period. ‘‘(iii) 13 percent, in the case of the 3rd year in the period. ‘‘(iv) 15 percent, in the case of the 4th year in the period. ‘‘(B) F
AILURE TO ESTABLISH A PLAN .—A State with respect to which a plan is not es-tablished under paragraph (1) shall be treat-ed as having not met any benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 612. REQUIREMENT THAT FEDERAL AGEN-CIES CERTIFY THAT THEY HAVE SUBMITTED TO THE NATIONAL IN-STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM ALL RECORDS IDEN-TIFYING PERSONS PROHIBITED FROM PURCHASING FIREARMS UNDER FEDERAL LAW. 
Section 103(e)(1) of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) S
EMIANNUAL CERTIFICATION AND RE -
PORTING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal department or agency shall submit to the Attorney General a written certification in-dicating whether the department or agency has provided to the Attorney General the pertinent information contained in any record of any person that the department or agency was in possession of during the time period addressed by the certification dem-onstrating that the person falls within a cat-egory described in subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) S
UBMISSION DATES .—The head of a Federal department or agency shall submit a certification under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) not later than July 31 of each year, which shall address any record the depart-ment or agency was in possession of during the period beginning on January 1 of the year and ending on June 30 of the year; and ‘‘(II) not later than January 31 of each year, which shall address any record the de-partment or agency was in possession of dur-ing the period beginning on July 1 of the pre-vious year and ending on December 31 of the previous year. ‘‘(iii) C
ONTENTS .—A certification required under clause (i) shall state, for the applica-ble period— ‘‘(I) the number of records of the Federal department or agency demonstrating that a person fell within each of the categories de-scribed in section 922(g) of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(II) the number of records of the Federal department or agency demonstrating that a person fell within the category described in section 922(n) of title 18, United States Code; and ‘‘(III) for each category of records de-scribed in subclauses (I) and (II), the total number of records of the Federal department or agency that have been provided to the At-torney General.’’. SEC. 613. ADJUDICATED AS A MENTAL DEFEC-TIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36) The term ‘adjudicated as a mental de-fective’ shall— ‘‘(A) have the meaning given the term in section 478.11 of title 27, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, or any successor thereto; and ‘‘(B) include an order by a court, board, commission, or other lawful authority that a person, in response to mental illness, incom-petency, or marked subnormal intelligence, be compelled to receive services— ‘‘(i) including counseling, medication, or testing to determine compliance with pre-scribed medications; and ‘‘(ii) not including testing for use of alco-hol or for abuse of any controlled substance or other drug. ‘‘(37) The term ‘committed to a mental in-stitution’ shall have the meaning given the term in section 478.11 of title 27, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’. (b) L
IMITATION .—An individual who has been adjudicated as a mental defective be-fore the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act may not apply for relief from disability under section 101(c)(2) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) on the basis that the individual does not meet the require-ments in section 921(a)(36) of title 18, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (c) NICS I
MPROVEMENT AMENDMENTS ACT 
OF2007.—Section 3 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) M
ENTAL HEALTH TERMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the terms ‘adjudicated as a mental defective’ and ‘committed to a mental institution’ shall have the meanings given the terms in section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—For purposes of sections 102 and 103, the terms ‘adjudicated as a men-tal defective’ and ‘committed to a mental in-stitution’ shall have the same meanings as on the day before the date of enactment of the Fix Gun Checks Act of 2016 until the end of the 2-year period beginning on such date of enactment.’’. 
SEC. 614. CLARIFICATION THAT FEDERAL COURT INFORMATION IS TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE NATIONAL IN-STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
Section 103(e)(1) of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Protection Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note), as amended by section 612 of this Act, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and ‘‘(ii) for purposes of any request, submis-sion, or notification, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall perform the functions of the head of the department or agency.’’. Subtitle B—Requiring a Background Check for Every Firearm Sale 
SEC. 621. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to extend the Brady Law background check procedures to all sales and transfers of firearms. 
SEC. 622. FIREARMS TRANSFERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (s) and redesig-nating subsection (t) as subsection (s); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.050 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4317 June 16, 2016 
(2) in subsection (s), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (3)(C)(ii), by striking ‘‘(as defined in subsection (s)(8))’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) In this subsection, the term ‘chief law enforcement officer’ means the chief of po-lice, the sheriff, or an equivalent officer or the designee of any such individual.’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (s), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(t)(1) It shall be unlawful for any person who is not a licensed importer, licensed man-ufacturer, or licensed dealer to transfer a firearm to any other person who is not so li-censed, unless a licensed importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer has first taken possession of the firearm for the pur-pose of complying with subsection (s). Upon taking possession of the firearm, the licensee shall comply with all requirements of this chapter as if the licensee were transferring the firearm from the inventory of the li-censee to the unlicensed transferee. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) a transfer of a firearm by or to any law enforcement agency or any law enforce-ment officer, armed private security profes-sional, or member of the armed forces, to the extent the officer, professional, or member is acting within the course and scope of em-ployment and official duties; ‘‘(B) a transfer that is a loan or bona fide gift between spouses, between domestic part-ners, between parents and their children, be-tween siblings, or between grandparents and their grandchildren; ‘‘(C) a transfer to an executor, adminis-trator, trustee, or personal representative of an estate or a trust that occurs by operation of law upon the death of another person; ‘‘(D) a temporary transfer that is nec-essary to prevent imminent death or great bodily harm, if the possession by the trans-feree lasts only as long as immediately nec-essary to prevent the imminent death or great bodily harm; ‘‘(E) a transfer that is approved by the At-torney General under section 5812 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; or ‘‘(F) a temporary transfer if the transferor has no reason to believe that the transferee will use or intends to use the firearm in a crime or is prohibited from possessing fire-arms under State or Federal law, and the transfer takes place and the transferee’s pos-session of the firearm is exclusively— ‘‘(i) at a shooting range or in a shooting gallery or other area designated and built for the purpose of target shooting; ‘‘(ii) while hunting, trapping, or fishing, if the hunting, trapping, or fishing is legal in all places where the transferee possesses the firearm and the transferee holds all licenses or permits required for such hunting, trap-ping, or fishing; or ‘‘(iii) while in the presence of the trans-feror.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) S
ECTION 922.—Section 922(y)(2) of such title is amended in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘, (g)(5)(B), and (s)(3)(B)(v)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (g)(5)(B)’’. (2) S
ECTION 925A.—Section 925A of such title is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (s) or (t) of section 922’’ and inserting ‘‘section 922(s)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)(4) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 623. LOST AND STOLEN REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(aa) It shall be unlawful for any person who lawfully possesses or owns a firearm that has been shipped or transported in, or has been possessed in or affecting, interstate or foreign commerce, to fail to report the theft or loss of the firearm, within 48 hours after the person discovers the theft or loss, to the Attorney General and to the appro-priate local authorities.’’. (b) PENALTY .—Section 924(a)(1)(B) of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) knowingly violates subsection (a)(4), (f), (k), (q), or (aa) of section 922;’’. 
SA 4751. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4750 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M URPHY (for him-self, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S
CHUMER , and Mr. C ARDIN )) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—PROTECTING COMMUNITIES AND PRESERVING THE SECOND AMEND-MENT 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. l02. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘NICS’’ means the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; and (3) the term ‘‘relevant Federal records’’ means any record demonstrating that a per-son is prohibited from possessing or receiv-ing a firearm under subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. l03. REAUTHORIZATION AND IMPROVE-MENTS TO NICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f) and amending such subsection to read as follows: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(2) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section.’’. (b) MODIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) in section 102(b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (2) in section 103(a)(1), by striking ‘‘and subject to section 102(b)(1)(B)’’; and (3) in section 104(d), by striking ‘‘section 102(b)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102(b)(1)(B)’’. 
SEC. l04. AVAILABILITY OF RECORDS TO NICS. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attor-ney General shall issue guidance regarding— (1) the identification and sharing of rel-evant Federal records; and (2) submission of the relevant Federal records to NICS. (b) P
RIORITIZATION OF RECORDS .—Each agency that possesses relevant Federal records shall prioritize providing the rel-evant information contained in the relevant Federal records to NICS on a regular and on-going basis in accordance with the guidance issued by the Attorney General under sub-section (a). (c) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 60 days after the Attorney General issues guidance under subsection (a), the head of each agency shall submit a report to the Attorney General that— (1) advises whether the agency possesses relevant Federal records; and (2) describes the implementation plan of the agency for making the relevant informa-tion contained in relevant Federal records available to NICS in a manner consistent with applicable law. (d) D
ETERMINATION OF RELEVANCE .—The Attorney General shall resolve any dispute regarding whether— (1) agency records are relevant Federal records; and (2) the relevant Federal records of an agen-cy should be made available to NICS. 
SEC. l05. DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MENTAL HEALTH. 
(a) T ITLE 18 D EFINITIONS .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 921(a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘has been adjudicated mentally incom-petent or has been committed to a psy-chiatric hospital’, with respect to a person— ‘‘(i) means the person is the subject of an order or finding by a judicial officer, court, board, commission, or other adjudicative body— ‘‘(I) that was issued after— ‘‘(aa) a hearing— ‘‘(AA) of which the person received actual notice; and ‘‘(BB) at which the person had an oppor-tunity to participate with counsel; or ‘‘(bb) the person knowingly and intel-ligently waived the opportunity for a hear-ing— ‘‘(AA) of which the person received actual notice; and ‘‘(BB) at which the person would have had an opportunity to participate with counsel; and ‘‘(II) that found that the person, as a result of marked subnormal intelligence, mental impairment, mental illness, incompetency, condition, or disease— ‘‘(aa) was a danger to himself or herself or to others; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.050 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4318 June 16, 2016 
‘‘(bb) was guilty but mentally ill in a criminal case, in a jurisdiction that provides for such a verdict; ‘‘(cc) was not guilty in a criminal case by reason of insanity or mental disease or de-fect; ‘‘(dd) was incompetent to stand trial in a criminal case; ‘‘(ee) was not guilty by reason of lack of mental responsibility under section 850a of title 10 (article 50a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice); ‘‘(ff) required involuntary inpatient treat-ment by a psychiatric hospital for any rea-son, including substance abuse; or ‘‘(gg) required involuntary outpatient treatment by a psychiatric hospital based on a finding that the person is a danger to him-self or herself or to others; and ‘‘(ii) does not include— ‘‘(I) an admission to a psychiatric hospital for observation; or ‘‘(II) a voluntary admission to a psy-chiatric hospital. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘order or finding’ does not include— ‘‘(i) an order or finding that has expired, has been set aside, has been expunged, or is otherwise no longer applicable because a ju-dicial officer, court, board, commission, ad-judicative body, or appropriate official has found that the person who is the subject of the order or finding— ‘‘(I) does not present a danger to himself or herself or to others; ‘‘(II) has been restored to sanity or cured of mental disease or defect; ‘‘(III) has been restored to competency; or ‘‘(IV) no longer requires involuntary inpa-tient or outpatient treatment by a psy-chiatric hospital, and the person is not a danger to himself, herself, or others; or ‘‘(ii) an order or finding with respect to which the person who is subject to the order or finding has been granted relief from dis-abilities under section 925(c), under a pro-gram described in section 101(c)(2)(A) or 105 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note), or under any other State-authorized relief from disabil-ities program of the State in which the origi-nal commitment or adjudication occurred. ‘‘(37) The term ‘psychiatric hospital’ in-cludes a mental health facility, a mental hospital, a sanitarium, a psychiatric facility, and any other facility that provides diag-noses or treatment by licensed professionals of mental retardation or mental illness, in-cluding a psychiatric ward in a general hos-pital.’’; and (2) in section 922— (A) in subsection (d)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective’’ and inserting ‘‘mentally incompetent’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘any mental institution’’ and inserting ‘‘a psychiatric hospital’’; and (B) in subsection (g)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective or who has’’ and inserting ‘‘mentally incom-petent or has’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘mental institution’’ and inserting ‘‘psychiatric hospital’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘mentally incompetent’’; (2) by striking ‘‘mental institution’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘psy-chiatric hospital’’; (3) in section 101(c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incompetent’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘to the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incom-petent’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incom-petent’’; and (4) in section 102(c)(3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘AS A MENTAL DEFECTIVE OR COMMITTED TO A  
MENTAL INSTITUTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MEN-
TALLY INCOMPETENT OR COMMITTED TO A PSY -
CHIATRIC HOSPITAL ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘mental institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘psychiatric hospitals’’. 
SEC. l06. CLARIFICATION THAT FEDERAL COURT INFORMATION IS TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
Section 103(e)(1) of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and ‘‘(ii) for purposes of any request, submis-sion, or notification, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall perform the functions of the head of the department or agency.’’. 
SEC. l07. REPORTS AND CERTIFICATIONS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) NICS R EPORTS .—Not later than October 1, 2016, and every year thereafter, the head of each agency that possesses relevant Federal records shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a description of the relevant Federal records possessed by the agency that can be shared with NICS in a manner consistent with applicable law; (2) the number of relevant Federal records the agency submitted to NICS during the re-porting period; (3) efforts made to increase the percentage of relevant Federal records possessed by the agency that are submitted to NICS; (4) any obstacles to increasing the percent-age of relevant Federal records possessed by the agency that are submitted to NICS; (5) measures put in place to provide notice and programs for relief from disabilities as required under the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) if the agency makes qualifying adjudications relating to the mental health of an indi-vidual; (6) measures put in place to correct, mod-ify, or remove records available to NICS when the basis on which the records were made available no longer applies; and (7) additional steps that will be taken dur-ing the 1-year period after the submission of the report to improve the processes by which relevant Federal records are— (A) identified; (B) made available to NICS; and (C) corrected, modified, or removed from NICS. (b) C
ERTIFICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The annual report re-quirement in subsection (a) shall not apply to an agency that, as part of a report re-quired to be submitted under subsection (a), provides certification that the agency has— (A) made available to NICS relevant Fed-eral records that can be shared in a manner consistent with applicable law; (B) a plan to make any relevant Federal records available to NICS and a description of that plan; and (C) a plan to update, modify, or remove records electronically from NICS not less than quarterly as required by the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) and a description of that plan. (2) FREQUENCY .—Each agency that is not required to submit annual reports under paragraph (1) shall submit an annual certifi-cation to Congress attesting that the agency continues to submit relevant Federal records to NICS and has corrected, modified, or re-moved records available to NICS when the basis on which the records were made avail-able no longer applies. (c) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS ON FIREARMS  P
ROSECUTIONS .— (1) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Beginning on February 1, 2017, and on February 1 of each year thereafter through 2026, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report of information gath-ered under this subsection during the fiscal year that ended on September 30 of the pre-ceding year. (2) S
UBJECT OF ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall require each component of the Department of Jus-tice, including each United States Attor-ney’s Office, to furnish for the purposes of the report described in paragraph (1), infor-mation relating to any case presented to the Department of Justice for review or prosecu-tion, in which the objective facts of the case provide probable cause to believe that there has been a violation of section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (3) E
LEMENTS OF ANNUAL REPORT .—With re- spect to each case described in paragraph (2), the report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include information indicating— (A) whether in any such case, a decision has been made not to charge an individual with a violation of section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or any other violation of Federal criminal law; (B) in any case described in subparagraph (A), a description of why no charge was filed under section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (C) whether in any case described in para-graph (2), an indictment, information, or other charge has been brought against any person, or the matter is pending; (D) whether, in the case of an indictment, information, or other charge described in subparagraph (C), the charging document contains a count or counts alleging a viola-tion of section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (E) in any case described in subparagraph (D) in which the charging document contains a count or counts alleging a violation of sec-tion 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, whether a plea agreement of any kind has been entered into with such charged individual; (F) whether any plea agreement described in subparagraph (E) required that the indi-vidual plead guilty, to enter a plea of nolo contendere, or otherwise caused a court to enter a conviction against that individual for a violation of section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; (G) in any case described in subparagraph (F) in which the plea agreement did not re-quire that the individual plead guilty, enter a plea of nolo contendere, or otherwise cause a court to enter a conviction against that in-dividual for a violation of section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.051 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4319 June 16, 2016 
5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, identification of the charges to which that individual did plead guilty; (H) in the case of an indictment, informa-tion, or other charge described in subpara-graph (C), in which the charging document contains a count or counts alleging a viola-tion of section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the result of any trial of such charges (guilty, not guilty, mistrial); (I) in the case of an indictment, informa-tion, or other charge described in subpara-graph (C), in which the charging document did not contain a count or counts alleging a violation of section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5861 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, the nature of the other charges brought and the result of any trial of such other charges as have been brought (guilty, not guilty, mistrial); (J) the number of persons who attempted to purchase a firearm but were denied be-cause of a background check conducted in accordance with section 922(t) of title 18, United States Code; and (K) the number of prosecutions conducted in relation to persons described in subpara-graph (J). 
SEC. l08. LIMITATION ON OPERATIONS BY THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. 
The Department of Justice, and any of its law enforcement coordinate agencies, shall not conduct any operation where a Federal firearms licensee is directed, instructed, en-ticed, or otherwise encouraged by the De-partment of Justice to sell a firearm to an individual if the Department of Justice, or a coordinate agency, knows or has reasonable cause to believe that such an individual is purchasing on behalf of another for an illegal purpose unless the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, or the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division personally reviews and approves the oper-ation, in writing, and determines that the agency has prepared an operational plan that includes sufficient safeguards to prevent firearms from being transferred to third par-ties without law enforcement taking reason-able steps to lawfully interdict those fire-arms. 
SEC. l09. STUDY BY THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF JUSTICE AND NATIONAL ACAD-EMY OF SCIENCES ON THE CAUSES OF MASS SHOOTINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) S
TUDY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall instruct the Director of the National Institutes of Justice to conduct a peer-reviewed study to examine various sources and causes of mass shootings, includ-ing psychological factors, the impact of vio-lent video games, and other factors. The Di-rector shall enter into a contract with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct this study jointly with an independent panel of 5 experts appointed by the Academy. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the study required under paragraph (1) begins, the Director shall sub-mit to Congress a report detailing the find-ings of the study. (b) I
SSUES EXAMINED .—The study con-ducted under subsection (a)(1) shall exam-ine— (1) mental illness; (2) the availability of mental health and other resources and strategies to help fami-lies detect and counter tendencies toward vi-olence; (3) the availability of mental health and other resources at schools to help detect and counter tendencies of students towards vio-lence; (4) the extent to which perpetrators of mass shootings, either alleged, convicted, de-ceased, or otherwise, played violent or adult- themed video games and whether the per-petrators of mass shootings discussed, planned, or used violent or adult-themed video games in preparation of or to assist in carrying out their violent actions; (5) familial relationships, including the level of involvement and awareness of par-ents; (6) exposure to bullying; and (7) the extent to which perpetrators of mass shootings were acting in a ‘‘copycat’’ manner based upon previous violent events. SEC. l10. REPORTS TO CONGRESS REGARDING AMMUNITION PURCHASES BY FED-ERAL AGENCIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall submit to the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives, the President Pro Tempore of the Sen-ate, and the Chairs and Ranking Members of the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a re-port that includes— (1) details of all purchases of ammunition by each Federal agency; (2) a summary of all purchases, solicita-tions, and expenditures on ammunition by each Federal agency; (3) a summary of all the rounds of ammuni-tion expended by each Federal agency and a current listing of stockpiled ammunition for each Federal agency; and (4) an estimate of future ammunition needs and purchases for each Federal agency for the next fiscal year. 
SEC. l11. INCENTIVES FOR STATE COMPLIANCE WITH NICS MENTAL HEALTH RECORD REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 104(b) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2); (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); (3) in paragraph (2), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘of paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘of paragraph (1)’’; and (4) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(1) I
NCENTIVES FOR PROVIDING MENTAL  
HEALTH RECORDS AND FIXING THE BACKGROUND  
CHECK SYSTEM .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF COMPLIANT STATE .—In this paragraph, the term ‘compliant State’ means a State that has— ‘‘(i) provided not less than 90 percent of the records required to be provided under sec-tions 102 and 103; or ‘‘(ii) in effect a statute that— ‘‘(I) requires the State to provide the records required to be provided under sec-tions 102 and 103; and ‘‘(II) implements a relief from disabilities program in accordance with section 105. ‘‘(B) I
NCENTIVES FOR COMPLIANCE .—During the period beginning on the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2016 and ending on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of such Act, the Attorney Gen-eral— ‘‘(i) shall use funds appropriated to carry out section 103 of this Act, the excess unobli-gated balances of the Department of Justice and funds withheld under clause (ii), or any combination thereof, to increase the amounts available under section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) for each compliant State in an amount that is not less than 2 percent nor more than 5 percent of the amount that was allocated to such State under such section 505 in the previous fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) may withhold an amount not to ex-ceed the amount described in clause (i) that would otherwise be allocated to a State under any section of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) if the State— ‘‘(I) is not a compliant State; and ‘‘(II) does not submit an assurance to the Attorney General that— ‘‘(aa) an amount that is not less than the amount described in clause (i) will be used solely for the purpose of enabling the State to become a compliant State; or ‘‘(bb) the State will hold in abeyance an amount that is not less than the amount de-scribed in clause (i) until such State has be-come a compliant State. ‘‘(C) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act of 2016, the Attorney Gen-eral shall issue regulations implementing this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. l12. NOTIFICATION OF PROSPECTIVE FIRE-ARM TRANSFERS TO KNOWN OR SUS-PECTED TERRORISTS. 
The Attorney General shall establish a process by which the Attorney General and Federal, State, and local law enforcement are immediately notified, as appropriate, of any request to transfer a firearm or explo-sive to a person who is, or within the pre-vious 5 years was, investigated as a known or suspected terrorist. 
SA 4752. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4751 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) to the amendment SA 4750 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M
URPHY (for himself, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. C
ARDIN )) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following: This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment. 
SA 4753. Mr. SHELBY (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. N EL-
SON) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act, or any contributed or non-Fed-eral funds, may be used— (1) to study reallocation of water within the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa or Apalachi-cola-Chattahoochee-Flint river basins until the Secretary of the Army has executed a Partnering Agreement— (A) with— (i) in the case of the Alabama-Coosa- Tallapoosa basin, each of the States of Ala-bama and Georgia; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.051 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4320 June 16, 2016 
(ii) in the case of the Apalachicola-Chat-tahoochee-Flint basin, each of the States of Alabama, Florida, and Georgia; and (B) that outlines the participation of each State in separate water reallocation studies for each basin; or (2) to reallocate water within the Alabama- Coosa-Tallapoosa or Apalachicola-Chat-tahoochee-Flint river basins until the Sec-retary of the Army executes a final agree-ment with each State through which the rel-evant river basin flows that provides the ex-plicit consent of each relevant State to any reallocation. 
SA 4754. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 85, strike lines 8 through 11 and in-sert the following: United States Code, $50,000,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed $124,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For activities of the United States Trade Representative authorized by section 611 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4405), including transfers, $15,000,000, to be derived from the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to subsection (d)(1) of such section shall be treated as a re-programming under section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That the amount appro-priated in title I of this Act under the head-ing ‘‘
RENOVATION AND MODERNIZATION ’’ under the heading ‘‘D
EPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF COM-MERCE’’ shall be reduced by $6,224,000. 
SA 4755. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. In order to carry out the pur-poses of the POWER Program, the Economic Development Administration shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Appalachian Regional Commission that establishes a process by which an applicant may receive a 100-percent federally funded grant. 
SA 4756. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. Section 501(a)(1) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3751(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) State and local programs that are equivalent to the Fugitive Safe Surrender program of the United States Marshals Serv-ice authorized under section 632 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16989).’’. 
SA 4757. Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 26, line 10, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for any hear-ing or review conducted by the Executive Of-fice for Immigration Review, including ap-pellate reviews and administrative hearings, for an unaccompanied alien child (as defined in section 462(g) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) unless the child is represented by legal counsel, which may be appointed by the Executive Office for Im-migration Review if the child is otherwise unrepresented.’’. 
SA 4758. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. J OHNSON ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to take any action to prevent a State from implementing any law that makes it lawful to possess, dis-tribute, or use cannabidiol or cannabidiol oil. 
SA 4759. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. (a) Congress finds that not ad-dressing appeals of determinations made by the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (commonly referred to as ‘‘NICS’’) deprives law-abiding citizens of their— (1) right to keep and bear arms under the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; and (2) due process rights under the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. (b) The Federal Bureau of Investigation (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FBI’’), in accordance with the commitment of the President to hire more than 230 new NICS ex-aminers and staff, announced on January 4, 2016, shall use amounts made available for salaries and expenses of the Bureau, and may not use any other amounts made available to the Bureau— (1) to pay NICS examiners to process new appeals of NICS determinations and make a final disposition of each appeal not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the appeal; and (2) to pay NICS examiners to— (A) eliminate the current backlog of ap-peals not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) continue to add individuals to the vol-untary appeal file (commonly referred to as the ‘‘VAF’’) to prevent subsequent delays and erroneous denials. (c) The FBI may not cease the review or final disposition of appeals of NICS deter-minations on or after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) The FBI shall submit to Congress an annual report on the disposition of appeals of NICS determinations during the previous year that includes— (1) the number of NICS checks on individ-uals that were— (A) conducted by the FBI; or (B) conducted by a Point of Contact (com-monly referred to as ‘‘POC’’) State or local agency; (2) with respect to the NICS checks de-scribed in paragraph (1), the number of deni-als of firearm transfers that resulted from checks— (A) conducted by the FBI; or (B) conducted by a POC State or local agency; (3) with respect to the denials of firearm transfers described in paragraph (2), the number of denials resulting from NICS checks conducted by— (A) the FBI that were appealed; or (B) a POC State or local agency that were appealed— (i) to the POC State or local agency; or (ii) to the FBI; (4) with respect to the appeals described in— (A) subparagraph (A) or (B)(ii) of paragraph (3), that number that were reversed by the FBI for— (i) FBI denials; or (ii) POC State or local agency denials; or (B) subparagraph (B)(i) of paragraph (3), the number that were reversed by the POC State or local agency; and (5) the number of FBI denials that involved a VAF application without a preceding ap-peal of a NICS denial. SA 4760. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able under this Act or any other Act may be used to— (1) mandate the use of authorized user rec-ognition (commonly known as ‘‘smart gun’’) technology by any Federal, State, local, or tribal law enforcement agency; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.055 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4321 June 16, 2016 
(2) require any State, local, or tribal law enforcement agency to obtain or utilize au-thorized user recognition technology as a condition of receiving Federal grant funding, except in the case of a grant for research of authorized user recognition technology. 
SA 4761. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. C OR-
NYN) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. (a) None of the amounts in the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), whether deposited in the Fund be-fore, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act, may be— (1) reprogrammed, diverted, or used as an offset for non-law enforcement purposes; or (2) otherwise used by a non-criminal jus-tice agency that does not participate in the Department of Justice Equitable Sharing Program. (b)(1) The Attorney General may not tem-porarily or permanently suspend or defer any payments from the Fund to State and local law enforcement agencies through the De-partment of Justice Equitable Sharing Pro-gram. (2) Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be con-strued to authorize the Attorney General to prioritize payments described in that para-graph over other authorized uses of amounts in the Fund under the Department of Justice Asset Forfeiture Program. (c) The Attorney General shall— (1) ensure enforcement of the Department of Justice Equitable Sharing Program poli-cies with respect to participants in the Pro-gram; and (2) submit an annual report to Congress that describes— (A) each participant that was audited, had funds temporarily or permanently frozen or deferred, or was subject to any other form of suspension or penalty due to a violation of the Program’s policies during the previous year; and (B) the current status within the Program of each participant described in subpara-graph (A). 
SA 4762. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. (a) Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Equal treatment and protection under the law is one of the most cherished con-stitutional principles of the United States. (2) Laws in many parts of the country still fail to explicitly prohibit discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (hereafter in this section re-ferred to as ‘‘LGBT’’) individuals. (3) The failure to actively oppose and pro-hibit discrimination leaves LGBT individ-uals vulnerable, based on who the LGBT in-dividuals are or whom LGBT individuals love, to being— (A) evicted from their homes; (B) denied credit or other financial serv-ices; (C) refused basic services in public places such as restaurants or shops; or (D) terminated from employment, or oth-erwise discriminated against in employment. (4) To allow discrimination to persist is in-compatible with the founding principles of this country. (5) Failure to ensure that all people of the United States are treated equally allows a culture of hate against some people in the United States to fester. (6) This hate culture includes continuing physical assaults and murders committed against LGBT individuals, and particularly against transgender individuals, in the United States. (7) The events that transpired on June 12, 2016, in Orlando, Florida, were a horrifying and tragic act of hate and terror that took the lives of 49 innocent individuals and in-jured 53 more. The victims were targeted be-cause of who they were, whom they loved, or whom they associated with. (b) It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is time to end discrimination against LGBT individuals and stand against the cul-ture of hatred and prejudice that such dis-crimination allows; (2) it is incumbent on policymakers to en-sure that LGBT individuals benefit from the full protection of the civil rights laws of the Nation; and (3) Congress commits to take every action necessary to make certain that all people of the United States are treated and protected equally under the law. SA 4763. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 85, line 11, strike the period and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That $9,376,000 shall be transferred to the Trade Enforce-ment Trust Fund established under section 611 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade En-forcement Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4405), to be used for enforcement, monitoring, investiga-tion, and capacity-building activities related to free trade agreements: Provided further, That any such transfer shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and amounts so transferred shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in accordance with such section 505.’’. 
SA 4764. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. TERRORIST REFUGEE INFILTRATION PREVENTION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Terrorist Refugee Infiltration Prevention Act of 2016’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OUNTRY CONTAINING TERRORIST -CON-
TROLLED TERRITORY .—The term ‘‘country containing terrorist-controlled territory’’ means— (A) Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Syria, and Yemen; and (B) any other country designated by the Secretary of State pursuant to section 4(a). (2) R
EFUGEE .—The term ‘‘refugee’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a)(42) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(42)). (3) S
UBSTANTIAL ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘substantial assistance’’ means a level of as-sistance without which the United States could not achieve the purposes for which the assistance was provided or sought. (4) V
ICTIM OF GENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘victim of genocide’’ has the meaning given the term in Article II of the United Nations Conven-tion on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, opened for signature in Paris on December 9, 1948. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON REFUGEES FROM TER-
RORIST -CONTROLLED TERRITORIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, an alien may not be admit-ted to the United States under section 207 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157) if the alien is a national of, has habitually resided in, or is claiming refugee status due to events in any country con-taining terrorist-controlled territory. (2) E
XCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien otherwise pro-hibited from admission to the United States under paragraph (1) may be admitted to the United States under section 207 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157) if the alien clearly proves, beyond doubt, that he or she— (i) satisfies the requirements for admission as a refugee; and (ii) is a member of a group that has been designated by the Secretary of State or by an Act of Congress as a victim of genocide. (B) N
ATIONAL SECURITY THREAT .—An alien may not be admitted under subparagraph (A) unless— (i) the alien has undergone the highest level of security screening of any category of traveler to the United States, including as-sessments by the Department of State, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation Terrorist Screening Center, and the National Counterterrorism Center; (ii) full multi-modal biometrics of the alien have been taken, including face, iris, and all fingerprints; and (iii) the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Director of National Intelligence certify that such alien is not a threat to the national security of the United States. (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any alien seeking admis-sion under section 207 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157) if the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Di-rector of National Intelligence certify that the alien— (A) provided substantial assistance to the United States; and (B) would face a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury because of that as-sistance if not admitted to the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.052 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4322 June 16, 2016 
(d) R ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SECRETARY OF  S
TATE .— (1) I
DENTIFICATION OF OTHER COUNTRIES .—In addition to the countries listed in subsection (b)(1)(A), the Secretary of State may des-ignate, as a ‘‘country containing terrorist- controlled territory’’, any country con-taining territory that is controlled, in sub-stantial part, by a Foreign Terrorist Organi-zation, as designated by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), to the ex-clusion of that country’s recognized govern-ment. (2) L
IST OF COUNTRIES CONTAINING TER -
RORIST -CONTROLLED TERRITORY .—The Sec-retary of State shall— (A) maintain and continually update a list of the countries containing terrorist-con-trolled territory; and (B) continuously make available the list described in subparagraph (A)— (i) on the Secretary’s website; (ii) to the Secretary of Homeland Security; (iii) to Congress; and (iv) to the public. (3) V
ICTIMS OF GENOCIDE .—The Secretary of State shall— (A) identify all groups that are victims of genocide; (B) maintain and continually update a list of the groups that the Secretary or Congress has identified as victims of genocide; and (C) continuously make available the list described in subparagraph (B)— (i) on the Secretary’s website; (ii) to the Secretary of Homeland Security; (iii) to Congress; and (iv) to the public. (4) N
ATIONAL SECURITY THREAT .—The Sec- retary of State may refuse to designate a group for the exception under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii) if the Secretary determines that the group poses a substantial security risk to the United States. (e) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SECRETARY OF  H
OMELAND SECURITY .— (1) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall issue regulations to im-plement subsection (c) as soon as prac-ticable. (2) L
IMIT OF ALIEN ASSERTIONS .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may not admit any alien into the United States under this section solely based on the assertions of such alien. (3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall coordinate with the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, and the Director of National Intel-ligence to substantiate, as much as reason-ably practicable, the assertions made by aliens seeking admission to the United States. (f) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—This section shall be effective during the 3-year period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4765. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. llll. FIREARMS TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 932. Trafficking in firearms ‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .—It shall be unlawful for any person, regardless of whether anything of value is exchanged— ‘‘(1) to ship, transport, transfer, or other-wise dispose to a person, 2 or more firearms in or affecting interstate or foreign com-merce, if the transferor knows or has reason-able cause to believe that such use, carry, possession, or disposition of the firearm would be in violation of, or would result in a violation of any Federal, State, or local law punishable by a term of imprisonment ex-ceeding 1 year; ‘‘(2) to receive from a person, 2 or more firearms in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, if the recipient knows or has rea-sonable cause to believe that such receipt would be in violation of, or would result in a violation of any Federal, State, or local law punishable by a term of imprisonment ex-ceeding 1 year; ‘‘(3) to make a statement to a licensed im-porter, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer relating to the purchase, receipt, or acquisition from a licensed importer, li-censed manufacturer, or licensed dealer of 2 or more firearms that have moved in or af-fected interstate or foreign commerce that— ‘‘(A) is material to— ‘‘(i) the identity of the actual buyer of the firearms; or ‘‘(ii) the intended trafficking of the fire-arms; and ‘‘(B) the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe is false; or ‘‘(4) to direct, promote, or facilitate con-duct specified in paragraph (1), (2), or (3). ‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who violates, or conspires to violate, subsection (a) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. ‘‘(2) O
RGANIZER ENHANCEMENT .—If a viola-tion of subsection (a) is committed by a per-son in concert with 5 or more other persons with respect to whom such person occupies a position of organizer, a supervisory position, or any other position of management, such person may be sentenced to an additional term of imprisonment of not more than 5 consecutive years. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘actual buyer’ means the in-dividual for whom a firearm is being pur-chased, received, or acquired; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘term of imprisonment ex-ceeding 1 year’ does not include any offense classified by the applicable jurisdiction as a misdemeanor and punishable by a term of imprisonment of 2 years or less.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘932. Trafficking in firearms.’’. (c) D
IRECTIVE TO THE SENTENCING COMMIS -
SION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Pursuant to its authority under section 994(p) of title 28, United States Code, the United States Sentencing Commis-sion shall review and, if appropriate, amend the Federal sentencing guidelines and policy statements applicable to persons convicted of offenses under section 932 of title 18, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this section, the Commission shall— (A) review the penalty structure that the guidelines currently provide based on the number of firearms involved in the offense and determine whether any changes to that penalty structure are appropriate in order to reflect the intent of Congress that such pen-alties reflect the gravity of the offense; and (B) review and amend, if appropriate, the guidelines and policy statements to reflect the intent of Congress that guideline pen-alties for violations of section 932 of title 18, United States Code, and similar offenses be increased substantially when committed by a person who is a member of a gang, cartel, organized crime ring, or other such enter-prise or in concert with another person who is a member of a gang, cartel, organized crime ring or other such enterprise. SA 4766. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 13, line 8, strike ‘‘Provided,’’ and insert ‘‘Provided, That not more than $8,000,000 may be used to fill gaps in the na-tional surface current mapping network using high frequency radar technology and to allow fleet acquisition for autonomous un-derwater and surface vehicles for near real- time data collection: Provided further,’’. 
SA 4767. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 48, line 24, insert ‘‘$5,000,000 is for emergency law enforcement assistance, as authorized by section 609M of the Justice As-sistance Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10513),’’ after ‘‘subpart 1,’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 16, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 16, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Our Evolv-ing Understanding and Response to Transnational Criminal Threats.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.052 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4323 June 16, 2016 
to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 16, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on June 16, 2016, at 11 a.m., in room 428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Keeping the American Dream Alive: The Challenge to Create Jobs Under the NLRB’s New Joint employer Standard.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 16, 2016, at 9 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that two members of my staff, J Francis and Chelsea Moser, both from Wilmington, DE, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jason Bast, a Defense Legislative Fellow in the office of Senator C
OCHRAN be granted privi-leges of the floor for the remainder of the calendar year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PITTS-BURGH PENGUINS FOR WINNING THE 2016 STANLEY CUP HOCKEY CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 499, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 499) congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins for winning the 2016 Stanley Cup hockey championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SASSE. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 499) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
JUNETEENTH INDEPENDENCE DAY Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 500, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 500) designating June 19, 2016, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 500) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 465, S. 2808. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2808) to amend the John F. Ken-nedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Per-forming Arts. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2808) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2808 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John F. Ken-nedy Center Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 13 of the John F. Kennedy Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76r) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) MAINTENANCE , R EPAIR , AND SECU-
RITY.—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out section 4(a)(1)(H)— ‘‘(1) $24,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(4) $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(b) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—There is author-ized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 4(a)(1)— ‘‘(1) $13,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $13,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $14,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(4) $14,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’. f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 2016, AND MONDAY, JUNE 20, 2016 Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 11 a.m., Friday, June 17, for a pro forma session only with no busi-ness being conducted; further, that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, June 17, it next convene at 3 p.m., Mon-day, June 20; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 2578; fi-nally, that notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXII, the pending cloture motions ripen at 5:30 p.m., Monday. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. SASSE. If there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator S
TA-
BENOW and Senator C ARPER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE VOINOVICH Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I come here with a solemn message today, and I come here remembering a Republican colleague who served in this body for 12 years—George Voinovich. George was a former Governor of Ohio and a former mayor of Cleveland. I think, in his time, he was county auditor. He was Lieutenant Governor, I believe, and mayor of Cleveland. He was the chairman of the National League of Cities. As a two-term Gov-ernor of Ohio, he was also chairman of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.054 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4324 June 16, 2016 
the National Governors Association. I had the privilege of serving as his vice chairman and, later on, as his suc-cessor, as the chairman of the NGA. Then George came here. He was elected in 1998, and he took office here in the Senate in 1999. He served for two terms and is, I am sure, remembered by everybody who served with him as smart, kind, principled, hard-working, and straight-talking. He was every-thing an elected official should be and could be. He and I went to Ohio State together but not at the same time. He was in law school and a year or two older than me. I was an undergraduate, and so I never got to know him at that point in time. But we shared a lot of bonds. I got to know his family well, his wife Janet. She and my wife Martha, as we were Governors together, were spouses together and were very good and close friends. I liked George. You know sometimes when you meet someone and you just like them right away? I don’t believe anybody in Ohio history ever won all 84 counties, and with something like al-most two-thirds of the vote. He did that. That was in 2004. I think in 2006, I won every county in Delaware. We have three. He has 80 or so counties. I would joke with him: Well, we both won every county in our State. It was a little harder for him. He impacted this place, as I think relatively few people do. We served to-gether on the Environment and Public Works Committee. We served together on the committee that was initially called Governmental Affairs and later Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. He was one of the leaders in each of those committees. George was one of those people who had the courage to keep out of step when everyone else was marching to the wrong tune. As a Republican, at a time when we had a Republican Presi-dent—and by 2007 the war in Iraq was not going well—he very bravely, within his own caucus, called on President George W. Bush to begin a phased with-drawal of our troops. He basically said the Iraqis ought to be able to do a lit-tle more for themselves, fend for them-selves. We will help them, but they should do more for themselves. He was one who believed we needed to match revenues with expenditures, and he was a guy who really knew how to squeeze a dime. He was very fiscally very responsible. He was a big believer that States should be fiscally respon-sible—and cities. He became mayor of Cleveland when they were basically bankrupt. He helped guide them back to prosperity and helped to rekindle the economy there and helped to foster an extremely strong economy. That is how he won every single county in Ohio. George was a guy who would actually vote against a tax break when he thought it wasn’t fiscally responsible to do, if it would further erode our rev-enue base and enlarge our budget def-icit. He was a very courageous—very courageous—elected official and some-one you just liked. You know sometimes you meet peo-ple and it is all about them? Well, it was never all about George. He was a guy who had every reason to be pomp-ous and proud and everything, but he was not that way at all. How do I de-scribe him? He had the heart of a serv-ant. He understood that his job was to serve, not be served. He was humble, not haughty. He came from a humble background and never had a lot of money—he and his wife Janet—until the day he died. George died in his sleep earlier this week, almost at the age of 80, just 2 days before my wife and I were sup-posed to have dinner with him and his wife here in Washington, and with other friends, to celebrate his impend-ing 80th birthday. I said earlier that George had the courage to keep out of step when ev-eryone else was marching to the wrong tune. How do I say this? When faced with the dilemma of maybe voting with his caucus or voting with the President on something he just thought was wrong, he was amazingly brave. He would say: What is the right thing to do? I heard him say this more than a few times, as Governor, chairman of the National Governors Association, and here. He would say: What is the right thing to do? He wouldn’t say: What is the easy thing to do? What is the expedient thing to do? But what is the right thing to do? He was a person of deep faith. We have a Bible study group that meets here every Thursday, just upstairs, not far from this floor. There are about seven or eight of us, who, I like to say, need the most help. It is Democrats and Republicans. It is not just all one religion or the other. It is a meeting he came to just about every Thursday. He was a person of deep faith. George felt that the most important rule of law for us to follow, regardless of what religion we were—whether Protestant or Catholic or Jewish or Muslim or Hindu or Buddhist—they all have some version of the golden rule. Even Confucius in China had some-thing like the golden rule 2,500 years ago, which goes something like this: Don’t do to others what you don’t want to have done to you. But George was really the embodiment of the golden rule: Treat other people like you want to be treated. He had a temper, but, frankly, he lost it when he should have. He lost it when he should have. Today we had a roundtable, and the roundtable included someone from the Government Accountability Office. Every 2 years, as the Presiding Officer knows, GAO puts out a high-risk list. I describe it as high-risk ways of wasting taxpayer money. They lay out all these different things that should be done in agencies and that, if done, would not only provide better service for citizens of this country but also do so in a more cost-effective way. George was always really interested in how we get better results with less money. He was always interested in that. At this roundtable today, when we convened it, I said: Let’s hold this roundtable today with the Government Accountability Office and with rep-resentatives from across the Federal Government who are working to get off GAO’s high-risk list. In order to do that, you have to figure out how to ad-dress the concerns raised by GAO and their reviews of agency operations. We talked about some of the areas where Senator George Voinovich worked—in one case with Senator Danny Akaka from Hawaii—to address a number of areas of expenditures and practices that needed to be addressed. Subsequent to the roundtable, I left there and came here to the Capitol Building and went to the office of the President pro tempore, Senator O
RRIN H
ATCH , where he was signing a docu-ment relating to the adoption of legis-lation the Presiding Officer and I and others had worked on, which is focused on how we do a better job in this coun-try when we transition from one ad-ministration—this President, the cur-rent administration, President Obama—to the next administration. How do we do that in a way that we just don’t drop the ball and get further behind, stop making progress in par-ticular areas, and undermine our na-tional security? How do we transition in smarter ways? That legislation has been named after two people—in honor of two peo-ple. One is Senator Ted Kaufman, who was J
OEBIDEN’s successor here. Ted was our Senator here for 2 years fol-lowing Joe’s departure to become Vice President and before C
HRIS COONS was elected and joined us here in the Sen-ate. During the 2 years Ted Kaufman was our Senator from Delaware, one of the pieces of legislation he offered was to make possible better transitions, more effective transitions, and smooth-er transitions from one administration to the other. Another person who had thought about that a whole lot was a fellow named Mike Leavitt, former Governor of Utah and later a Cabinet Secretary in George W. Bush’s administration, and a friend of mine. I succeeded George Voinovich as chairman of the National Governors Association, and Mike Leavitt was the vice chairman, and he then became the chairman. We were all very close friends and col-leagues then and right up until George’s death. But we went over, literally, to the President pro tempore’s office and signed the documentation. We had Sen-ator Kaufman there, Governor Leavitt there, and we remembered George Voinovich, because when the first version of that legislation was passed, Ted Kaufman was the Democratic lead and George Voinovich was the Repub-lican lead. That is just one of dozens of exam-ples where he provided leadership for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.071 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4325 June 16, 2016 
this country, as he did for Ohio in the roles he held there. I really loved George Voinovich. I just loved the guy. I think when we think of leaders, sometimes people in leadership positions say to others: Do as I say. George actually said: Do as I do. He was a big believer in leading by example. The other thing I loved and respected about him was that he was very tena-cious. We have all met people who could have done something, gotten something done, and been somebody, and they gave up. They gave up. George never gave up. He was one of those people who, when he knew he was right and he was sure he was right, he never gave up. Tomorrow, people from all over Ohio—actually from around the coun-try—will gather in Cleveland not far from the home where George and Janet and their family were raised and where they lived for many years—where Janet still lives. It will be sad, but there will also be a sense of joy. There are probably not many good ways to die—but to die at the age of almost 80 and to die in your sleep without pain and suffering, and to have a legacy of wonderful children—children any of us would be proud to call our own—and a bunch of grandchildren—the same thing, whom any of us would be proud to call our own. That is a great legacy if you just stopped right there. But the legacy goes well beyond that in terms of the way Ohio is governed today by Governor John Kasich, who is another close friend. John Kasich and I came to the House together in 1983, and I am delighted he has had the opportunity to serve as Governor there—a worthy successor to George Voinovich. Frankly, I might add—and I will probably get in trouble with my caucus for saying this—he would have been a great nominee for our friends in the Republican Party. But apparently that is not in the cards. So I won’t go on much further, but when people say bad things about elected officials or unkind things about elected officials, I think it is too bad they didn’t know the Presiding Officer and they didn’t know George Voino-vich, because they wouldn’t feel that way if they knew him or had any idea of his commitment and his dedication and his sacrifice and his leadership. I will close with this. A fellow who used to serve here was a fellow named Alan Simpson. He was a Senator from Wyoming. We remembered him today because he was the coauthor of the Bowles-Simpson plan, the fiscally re-sponsible deficit reduction plan of probably about 6 or 7 years ago. It was established by President Obama. It was a good roadmap then, and I still think it is a good roadmap today. Alan Simp-son was the Republican part of that, in tandem with Erskine Bowles. Alan Simpson used to say a lot of very funny things. He was probably as humorous as anybody who ever served here, but he also said some serious things here too, and one of them re-minds me of George Voinovich. Senator Alan Simpson used to talk about integ-rity, and he would say: Integrity—if you have it, nothing else matters. In-tegrity—if you don’t have it, nothing else matters. Think about that. Integ-rity, if you have it, nothing else mat-ters. Integrity, if you don’t have it, nothing else matters. George Voino-vich did not have a partisan bone in his body, but he had a world of integrity— just a world of integrity inside that body of his. The other thing I would say, I like to think that as important as integrity is—and it is—the other thing that is as critically important for the success of any organization, whether it is a State or county or business or school, this body, the most important ingredient for the success of that entity, any of them, is leadership, principled leader-ship, committed leadership, enlight-ened leadership, and George Voinovich embodied those. So to the people of Delaware who supported—not Delaware. Delaware is a little town just north of Columbus, OH. When I was a student at Ohio State, I used to think Delaware was a town just north of Columbus. I later found out it was a whole State. When I got out of the Navy, I moved there. They were good enough to let me serve in a couple different capacities, including here. The people of Ohio were smart to elect him and smart to share him with us. We were just blessed that they did that, really blessed that they did that. I felt the presence of George Voino-vich today at our roundtable working on the issues he loved. I felt his pres-ence at the signing ceremony in the President pro tempore’s office, when we signed into law the transition legis-lation he originally cosponsored a number of years ago with Senator Ted Kaufman, and I feel his presence here today, and it is a good presence. While we mourn his loss and his death, we just appreciate so much his life. 
f 
9/11 MEMORIAL MUSEUM Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, on a to-tally different subject, my wife and I had the opportunity to go to New York last Saturday. We were invited up by our oldest son to visit with him and his roommate. We visited the 9/11 Memo-rial Museum. For anybody who has a chance to go to New York City and visit that memorial, I urge that they do that. It was a walk back in time to 9/11 and the horrors of that day and the days and the weeks that followed, but out of that terrible disaster, our coun-try came together. Our country came together in rather remarkable ways. Instead of pointing fingers at each other, we decided to join hands and work together under the leadership of George W. Bush, and we created a 9/11 Commission, chaired by Republican Tom King of New Jersey and cochaired by Lee Hamilton, Con-gressman from Indiana, former chair of the House Foreign Relations Com-mittee. It was a bipartisan Commis-sion. There were 9 or 11 people. They went to work. They had a great staff, and they worked for months to drill down on what went wrong, what led to 9/11—that catastrophe and how could it happen—and came up with a whole host of recommendations. I think there were about 40 recommendations. They were unanimous. They adopted them unanimously and gave them to us. They came before us and came before our committee, the Committee on Gov-ernmental Affairs, and we adopted about 80 percent of them pretty much unanimously. It was a time that rather than us being divided as a country, it was a time we came together on the heels of a terrible disaster. When I look at the political back and forth that seems to flow out of the tragedy in Orlando and I compare that with what existed when we lost maybe 60 times as many lives 15 years ago, I would hope we would remember, as a people—I hope those of us who serve in this body and those who would like to lead our country will remember the words right over the Presiding Officer’s head. I don’t know a lot of Latin, but the Latin words inscribed over the chair where the Presiding Officer sits, ‘‘E pluribus unum,’’ from many, one. From many, one. We are strong when we are united, and we need to be united just as we were 15 years ago. We need to be united as a nation today. George Voinovich, if he were here, would re-mind us of that. Since he is not, I wanted to. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate ad-journ under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:15 p.m., adjourned until Friday, June 17, 2016, at 11 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KAMALA SHIRIN LAKHDHIR, OF CONNECTICUT, A CA-REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO MALAYSIA. ANDREW ROBERT YOUNG, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO BURKINA FASO. 
POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
MARK D. ACTON, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A COMMIS-SIONER OF THE POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 14, 2022. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE  
SHIRLEY WOODWARD, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE INSPECTOR GENERAL, CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, VICE DAVID B. BUCKLEY, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE VICE CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE AIR FORCE AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 8034 AND 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. STEPHEN W. WILSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.072 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4326 June 16, 2016 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. VERALINN JAMIESON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
NATHAN J. ABEL ADAM D. ACKERMAN JASON M. ADAMS ROBIN E. ADAMS JASON M. AFTANAS ALLEN Y. AGNES BRADFORD K. AIKENS MICHAEL JOHN ALBRECHT SALVADOR ALEMAN SHANE W. ALFAR DAVID K. ALLAMANDOLA SEAN R. AMES MATTHEW P. ANASTAS ALISON M. ANDERS ANDREW D. ANDERSON DAVID M. ANDERSON JOHN P. ANDERSON KEITH M. ANDERSON MATTHEW K. ANDERSON ROBERT JAMES ANDREE SCOTT ANDRESEN NATHAN P. ANDREWS IONIO Q. ANDRUS JUSTIN A. ANHALT JASON P. ANNIS TONY S. APONTE MATTHEW APRICENO JONATHAN L. ARD JOSHUA O. ARKI PAUL M. ARKWELL GABRIEL S. ARRINGTON JOHNATHAN M. ARTIS WILLIAM C. ATKINS KEVIN P. AUGER ANDREW J. BABIARZ CHRISTIAN BACKHAUS RUSSELL S. BADOWSKI JONATHAN B. BAIZE BRADLEY CHARLES BAKER BRIAN J. BAKER JACOBY L. BAKER EDWARD R. BALZER THOMAS J. BANASZAK DANE M. BANNACH GREGORY R. BARBER RICHARD BARBER KAREN D. BARBOUR KIMBERLY N. BARR ARTHUR C. BARTON STEVEN F. BARYZA RUSSELL D. BASTIAN LUKE A. BATES BYRON F. BATEY DANIEL P. BEALL MEREDITH A. BEAVERS ANDREW I. BECKETT CARL F. BECKEY KENNETH B. BEEBE III RYAN M. BEHRINGER GARY SCOTT BEISNER II KRISTIN A. BEITZ JOSEPH P. BELLUCCI DEAR BELOVED CHRISTOPHER P. BENDIG JOHN T. BENGTSON ANDRES BENITEZ BRANDON S. BENNETT DANIEL RAY BENTLEY BRIAN D. BENTON JAVIER L. BENTON GORDON E. BERAN II JOHN W. BERGER TYRONE P. BESS BRYANT L. BEVAN FRANK A. BIANCARDI II JASON P. BIANCHI ROBERT E. BITTNER, JR. DAVID J. BLAIR ERIC M. BLAKELY GREGORY R. BODENSTEIN STEPHEN L. BONIN JODI A. BONNES KEITH R. BONSER JONATHAN BORTLE BRADLEY N. BOUDREAUX JOEL C. BOURNE ANDREW PAUL BOWERS TRACI L. BOWMAN BRAD P. BOWYER KEVIN R. BRADLEY DAVID WILLIAM BRANDT, JR. OLGA H. BRANDT ROBERT G. BRANHAM JASON C. BRAUN TIMOTHY K. BRAWNER VAUGHN S. BRAZIL ANTHONY WADE BRECK SARAH J. BREHM TAMMY LYNN BREINER DERRICK W. BREWER WILLIAM L. BRITTON STEPHEN J. BROGAN MICHAEL D. BROOKS JAMES P. BROWN JERRAD H. BROWN RICHARD ARAM BROWN ROBERT J. BROWN JASON FORBES BROWNE KELLIE M. BROWNLEE ANDREW R. BRUCE MATTHEW R. BRUCKNER JARED JOSEPH BRUPBACHER BENJAMIN T. BRYANT LEE W. BRYANT LUCAS EDWARD BUCKLEY CHRISTOPHER D. BULSON JOYCE A. BULSON NATHAN D. BUMP DANIEL A. BUNCH ROGERNETTA BURBRIDGE ERIC W. BURGER JOHN ERIC BURRELL BRIAN M. BUSCHUR DONALD R. BUTCHER, JR. BLAIR W. BYREM JAYSON WILLIAM CABELL JONATHAN A. CABILLAN ROBIN E. CADOW ERNEST L. CAGE PATRICIA A. CALABRESE JAMES T. CALDWELL JESSE P. CALDWELL SHANNON D. CALEB NELSON D. CALIMLIM, JR. CHARLES G. CAMERON GLENN S. CAMERON ANTHONY P. CAMPBELL JOHN M. CAMPBELL JOSHUA S. CAMPBELL PAUL A. CANCINO JAMES ANTHONY CANTRELL JAMES M. CARBONE II DOMINIC A. CARDELLA MARCO A. CARDENAS ROWLAND CARDONI ANTHONY MAURICE CARISTI CHRISTOPHER J. CARNDUFF BRENT S. CARPENTER BRIAN N. CARPENTER PATRICK F. CARPIZO JOSEPH W. CARR, JR. NATHAN J. CARRELL JOHN J. CARROLL III MARCUS JAMES CARROLL CHRISTOPHER M. CARSON JOSHUA L. CARTER WILLIAM R. CASAREZ JOHN P. CASEY TIMOTHY B. CASEY II TODD J. CASKEY CHRISTOPHER M. CASS BRETT J. CASSIDY JEREMIAH CASTILLO CATHLEEN E. CASWELL DAVID C. CASWELL RYAN F. CAULK TODD A. CAYER THOMAS ANDREW CECH DAVID L. CELESTE, JR. SIOBHAN C. CELUSTA ADRIAN B. CERCENIA GREGORY A. CHAMBERS JOSHUA CORY CHAMBERS REYNALDO CHAMPION PATRICK S. CHAPIN JOHN L. CHAPMAN GARY W. CHARLAND, JR. CHARISSA V. CHERRINGTON MOLLY T. CHESTER KENNETH HANK CHILCOAT JASON R. CHILDS MARK J. CHIOFOLO MICAH R. CHOLLAR BENJAMIN DOUGLAS CHOWN DEVON T. CHRISTENSEN DANIEL P. CHRISTMAN STUART E. CHURCHILL KATHLEEN MARIE CICHON MARK E. CIPOLLA ANDREW D. CLARK BRIAN C. CLARK ADAM E. CLARY ANDREW G. CLEMMENSEN JOSEPH G. CLEMMER JEFFREY JOHN CLESSE KYLE M. CLINTON THOMAS C. CO CHRISTOPHER J. COBB DAVID A. COCHRAN SHAWN E. COIL FELIX L. COLE JEREMY W. COLE LINCOLN T. COLEMAN DANIEL M. COLLETTE CHRISTOPHER M. COLLINS KENYA E. COLON JAMES B. COMBS JAMES V. COMPOLI WILLIAM M. COMPTON NICHOLAS J. CONKLIN PATRICK M. CONNELLAN VAIMANA CONNER GEOFFREY BLAKE CONNICK CHRISTOPHER J. CONOVER JOHN J. CONTRERAS DANIEL W. CONVERSE ANDREW L. COOK DAVID M. COOK LANE A. COOK EDITH D. COON AARON MCGILL COOPER PAUL M. COOPER LISA M. CORLEY ROBERT T. CORSI PAULA C. COTTRELL BENJAMIN W. COUCHMAN KELLIE S. COURTLAND ROBERT M. COWAN ADAM V. COYNE CASEY R. CRABILL MARK A. CRAMER DENNIS P. CRAWFORD GREGORY S. CRESSWELL GREGORY K. CREW JEFFREY S. CRIDER JOSEPH PAUL CRISPEN DAMEN MARK CRISWELL BRIAN L. CROSBY SCOTT T. CROWELL BRIAN T. CRUM MICHAEL J. CULHANE STEPHAN E. CUMMINGS SEAN P. CUNNIFF CHARLES R. CUNNINGHAM IAN M. CUNNINGHAM JEFFREY G. CUNNINGHAM MATTHEW A. CUNNINGHAM TERSHA LEE CURRIER TONY L. CURTIS, JR. JONATHAN R. CZARNEY BRANDON JOSEPH DAIGLE BENJAMIN G. DAINTY GABRIEL A. DAMICO HOWARD K. DARLING EDWARD DAVIES IV AARON L. DAVIS BRIAN SANDERS DAVIS DONAVON R. DAVIS JASON A. DAVIS MATTHEW JON DAVIS JAMES M. DAVITCH JOHN G. DAYTON CHRISTOPHER M. DE WINNE NICHOLAS J. DEFAZIO JULIO A. DELANOY JOHN G. DELION JAMES J. DEMIS NATHAN T. DENNEN JOSHUA A. DEPAUL DAVID DEPTULA JACLYN N. DEROUSH JARED T. DETLOFF DARIN D. DIAL JESUS DIAZ GEORGE S. DIBBLE MATTHEW B. DIBBLE JOHN M. DICKENS MARCKENSON DIEUJUSTE STEVEN P. DILLENBURGER CHRISTOPHER B. DILLER DAVID T. DINAN TAMILYN S. DISMUKES KENNETH E. DIXON III PHILLIP M. DOBBERFUHL MATTHEW C. DOBERMAN ERIC CHARLES DOCTOR TIMOTHY E. DODSON DYLAN D. DOMBRET BENJAMIN A. DONBERG BRIAN R. DONEHUE JOEL D. DOSS HARLEY K. DOUBET GREGORY S. DOUGLAS SCOTT K. DOYER JESSE S. DOYLE JOSEPH A. DRUMMOND JOHN C. DUEMLER III ERIN M. DUNAGAN DAVID JOHN DUNCAN CHRISTOPHER DUNSTON ERICA M. DURBAN TODD C. DYE WILLIAM P. DYER SHAUN M. EASLEY DANIAL E. EASTMAN JOHNATHAN A. ECCLES BRANDON B. EDGE JOSEPH O. EDINGTON EDDIE EDWARDS, JR. EUGENIA LOCKLAR EDWARDS RODERICK R. EDWARDS STEPHEN R. EDWARDS JOSHUA W. EHMEN CHARLES L. EICHNER JOSEPH W. ELAM, JR. KEVIN H. ELEY JEFFREY E. ELLIOTT JAMES C. ELLIS JASON M. ELLIS KRISTINA L. ELLIS JAKE ALAN ELSASS JAMES K. EMORY, JR. ANDREW N. EMSLIE JESSE A. ENFIELD ROSE A. ENGLEBERT SAMUEL J. ENSMINGER BRIAN C. EPPERSON BRIAN J. ERICKSON CHARLES ALAN ERICKSON JUSTIN WAYNE ERWIN ALBERT M. ESPOSITO AMY C. ESTES ERIC W. ETTESTAD ANTHONY J. EWERS MATTHEW A. FAHRNER JEREMY JAKE FARLAINO BRANDON S. FARLEY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.015 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4327 June 16, 2016 
ERIC C. FARQUHAR SHANNON M. FARRELL GERALD DAVID FENSTERER NICHOLAS G. FERANEC GERALD J. FERDINAND MICHAEL B. FESSLER DAMON G. FIELD MANOLITO FIGUEROA CHRISTOPHER J. FINCH JEFFREY G. FISHER THOMINA M. FITZGERALD BRIAN M. FITZPATRICK ROBERT J. FITZPATRICK MATTHEW P. FLAHIVE ERIC A. FLEMING KARI M. FLEMING KEVIN JAMES FLETCHER THOMAS PIERSON FLOOD DAVID M. FLOWERS JARED L. FLOYD MATTHEW T. FLYNN MATTHEW P. FOISY JACOB R. FOLEY JOHN E. FOLEY PATRICK J. FOLEY RAYMOND JEFFERY FORTNER JASON M. FOWBLE JONATHAN ALLEN FOX RUSSELL E. FOXWORTH ERIC D. FRAHM JAMES CHIN KAB FRANCIS TANYA A. C. FRAZIER STEPHEN E. FREEDMAN JONAS W. FREEL RAHSUL J. FREEMAN WILLIAM E. FREIENMUTH TIMOTHY J. FRYAR JOHN C. FUCCILLO THOMAS P. GABRIELE GLENN A. GARCIA LUIS A. GARCIA HUGH E. GARDENIER JONATHAN M. GARNER SHANE W. GARNER MICHAEL D. GARROTT RICARDO RAUL GARZA JOHN D. GATTONE III PHILLIP M. GEORGE JASON A. GERBER MICHAEL P. GIACOMAZZI CHRISTON MICHAEL GIBB MAXIM GIMELSHTEYN RYAN N. GIVENS JASON E. GLANOVSKY ANDREW L. GMYTRASIEWICZ DANIEL R. GODWIN DAVID WAYNE GOLDEN ALISON R. GONZALEZ ADOLFO U. GORBEA JEREMY A. GORE JOEL E. GORHAM WALTER B. GOSS JEREMY L. GOULD ERICH F. GRADE RYAN M. GRAF MONIQUE CHERIE GRAHAM DAVID J. GRASSO JAMIE P. GRAY ZACHARY C. GRAY FLOYD F. GREEN KELLI R. GREEN TIMOTHY GRIFFITH LAURA L. GRIGGS LORINE A. GROSSO JOHN R. GROTH JARED N. GUDE DAVID B. GUETTLER TRAVIS C. J. GUIDT JEROMY B. GUINTHER ZACHARIAH C. GUMMERT DAVID R. GUNTER JENNIFER L. GURGANUS MENOLA M. GUTHRIE ERIC J. GUTIERREZ MARY M. GUTIERREZ MICHAEL A. GUY SCOTT A. HAACK THOMAS W. HAAS JOHN M. HABBESTAD JAMES E. HABECK SEAN P. HALL TREVOR N. HALL JOSHUA M. HALLADA STEVE HAMAMGIAN JERRY T. HAMBRIGHT MARK L. HAMILTON OMAR J. HAMILTON JAMES A. HAMMAN GREGORY D. HAMMOND JASON C. HANEY JASON T. HANSBERGER AARON J. HANSEN CHARLES G. HANSEN DUSTIN H. HANSEN BROOKE L. HANSON MICHAEL D. HANSON STEVEN C. HANSON ADAM D. HARDER JOSEPH J. HARDING DUSTIN D. HARMON EDMUND K. HARRINGTON JAMES M. HARRINGTON EDWARD R. HARRIS NEIL J. HARRIS RYAN J. HARRIS NATHAN N. HARROLD RICHARD K. HARROP DUSTIN M. HART JON M. HART REBECCA ANNE HART JUSTIN K. HARVEY RANDALL L. HARVEY II WILLIAM J. HASSEY DANA HATTABAUGH ERIN P. HAYDE JAMES H. HAYES III SCOTT M. HAZY DANIEL T. HEALEY RICHARD M. HEBB DANIEL B. HEELY NICHOLAS J. HELMS COLIN D. HENDERSON JOSHUA JAMES HENDERSON MARK T. HENDERSON PAUL D. HENDRICKSON NAOMI Y. HENIGIN SHELBY B. HENRY TRAVIS J. HERBRANSON BRAD W. HICKEY DANIEL J. HILFERTY NATASHA A. HINKSON MATTHEW J. HLIVKO JUSTIN A. HODGE LORI R. HODGE BRIAN P. HOELZEL NATHAN N. HOEVELKAMP HANS G. HOFFMAN BRYAN J. HOGAN LEE A. HOLFERT RICHARD J. HOLLINGER ETHAN D. HOLT PAUL B. HOMAN ZOLTAN LUKE HOMONNAY AUDREY L. HOPPE RAMSEY MARTIN HORN MATTHEW I. HORNER MATTHEW T. HORTON MICHAEL J. HOVASTAK SEAN F. HOWLETT KRISTIN M. HUBBARD DONALD E. HUDSON, JR. BRYAN C. T. HUFFMAN ANDREW W. HULL GABRIEL M. HULL SHAUN JOSEPH HUMPHREY SARAH L. HUMPHREYS JAMIE L. HUMPHRIES PAUL H. HUNKE CASEY JONATHAN HUSTON DOUGLAS J. HUTTENLOCKER NICHOLAS R. IHDE JOSH T. IRVINE JONATHAN IZWORSKI AMBER LEIGH LYNN JACKSON RANDY ALLEN JACOBSON DARREN E. JAMES RODERICK V. JAMES CARLOS B. JAYME JULIA E. JEFFERSON BILLY L. JEFFORDS, JR. CHRISTOPHER G. JEFFREYS DAVID LEE JELTEMA SHAWN P. JENKINS KIMBERLY A. JENNINGS JOHN M. JEWELL MATTHEW W. JOHANNING MONIKA MAILEYOSH JOHNCOUR ABBILLYN MARIE JOHNSON DOUGLAS JOHNSON ERIC B. JOHNSON JAMIE J. JOHNSON MAX C. JOHNSON PETER L. JOHNSON WILLIAM F. JOHNSON III TAYLOR J. JOHNSTON MICHAEL P. JOKHY EDWARD E. JONES JEFFREY E. JONES REBB S. JONES JEREMY D. JORDAN KENNETH KOBEY JUHL JEFFREY R. KAEPP MATTHEW L. KAERCHER KURT LEE KAISER SARAH S. KAISER SERGEY M. KAPLAN LISA D. KEENA BRIAN S. KELLAM CHRISTOPHER J. KELLER JONATHAN ABNER KELLER LATONYA R. KELLY WILLIAM J. KELLY JOHN W. KENDALL JENNIFER E. KENNEDY SABRINE T. KENNEDY JASON D. KERBS BARRY M. KETCHIE AMIT K. KHOSLA NATHAN W. KIBBY DAVID T. KIM AMBER L. KIMBRELL ALTON C. KINSEY DANIELLE R. KIRK RUSSELL HENRY KLAWITTER ROBERT J. KLINE CLAIR L. KLING JARROD E. KNAPP RONALD A. KNIGHT, JR. JOSEPH A. KNOTHE AMANDA ELIZABETH KNOTTS ADAM GREGORY KNOX ROBERT M. KOCHAN PAUL I. KOECHER CHRISTOPHER A. KOELTZOW STEVE D. KOLY ROBERT KOO KAZIMIR M. KOSTRUBALA DAVID A. KREBS III MICHAEL P. KREUZER MIRIAM A. KRIEGER PATRICK F. KRIZ JEREMY T. KRUGER MICHAEL GREGG KRUK MICHAEL A. KUMP JONATHAN W. KUNTZ ERIC A. KUT JOSEPH P. LACLEDE JOSEPH M. LADYMON RUSTIN A. LAFURNEY BRYAN D. LAMB RODNEY A. LAMBERT WILLIAM C. LAMBERT ANTHONY L. LANG GLEN G. LANGDON JOHN D. LANGSHAW KEVIN D. LARSON MIRANDA S. LASHINSKI FREDERIC LATHROP ANTHONY T. LAU PHILIP A. LAUGHLIN OLIVER R. LAUSE CHRISTOPHER C. LAZIDIS DAVID K. LEAHY MICHAEL D. LEAVER YOGI L. LEBBY JOSE A. LEBRON MICHAEL P. LECCO JACOB D. LECK BRANDON T. LEDBETTER JEFFREY A. LEDERHOUSE DARRICK B. LEE JON C. LEE SHAWN P. LEE SIYEON LEE CHRISTOPHER LENYK MARC LEWIS MICHAEL J. LEWIS SUMMER SONG LEWIS VICTOR S. LEWIS BRIAN P. LIGHTSEY MATTHEW D. LILLY DANIEL J. LINDLEY DANIEL R. LINDSEY III EWELL D. LINGAR STEVEN C. LIPINSKI ROYCE MICHAEL LIPPERT RYAN M. LIPPERT PATRICK W. LITTLE CHRISTINE R. LITTLEJOHN REUBEN J. LITTON ROBERT J. LITWIN ROBERT LIU LARRY C. LLEWELLYN II NICHOLAS S. LOFTHOUSE KEVIN B. LOMBARDO MARK D. LONGENECKER JOSEPH J. LOPEZ NATHAN A. LOUCKS KENNETH Y. LOUIE DAVID L. LOUQUE, JR. DENNIS K. LOVIN LUIS P. LOZADA LUKE A. LUCERO MATHEW LUKACS MICHAEL J. LYNCH MICHAEL R. LYNCH PATRICK B. LYSAGHT DOUGLAS W. MABRY JONATHAN H. MAGILL SCOTT ANTHONY MAJOR BOHDAN MALETZ GENE M. MANNER DAVID MICHAEL MANRRIQUE KEEGAN K. MAPLE RYAN C. MARCOTTE MICHAEL P. MARIOTTI EMILY N. MARR STEPHEN THOMAS MARTENZ DAVID CHRISTIAN MARTINEZ JOHN A. MARX JASON A. MASCETTA ROBINSON R. MATA DAVID E. MATHER PETER J. MAURO JASON E. MAYNE MARC ANTHONY MAZZA, JR. JONATHAN F. MCCALL JASON M. MCCANDLESS THOMAS J. MCCARTY PETER A. MCCLELLAN EVE M. MCCLOUD PHILIP R. MCCLURE JON D. MCCOMB DO HUN MCCUTCHEON RYAN DAVID MCDANIEL WANDA M. MCDONALD WILLIAM E. MCDOUGALL WILLIAM L. MCDOWELL PATRICK M. MCGARRY MARCUS A. MCGINN KATHARINE RUTCHKA MCGREGOR JONTAE S. MCGREW KENNETH O. MCGREW ROY KAIPO MCGUIRE RYAN M. MCGUIRE JOSEPH M. MCHUGH SAMUEL G. MCINTYRE MICHAEL B. MCKENZIE KINDAL T. MCKINNEY SCOTT M. MCMAHON JEFF D. MCMASTER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.017 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4328 June 16, 2016 
PATRICK MICHAEL MCSHERRY CHRISTINE MARAL MCVANN THOMAS F. MEAGHER STEVIE MEDEIROS DOUGLAS P. MEDLEY PHILIPPE K. MELBY MARK A. MELIN DANIEL W. MELOTT MICHAEL E. MELTON DANIEL E. MENDOZA STUART R. MENN NEIL A. MENZIE WILLIAM G. MERCER JAMES R. MERENDA JASON K. MERRILL JONATHAN L. MERRILL DAVID T. MERRITT SCOTT A. METZLER KYLE JAMES MEYER DERRICK CHARLES MICHAUD CHRISTOPHER A. MICHELE MICHAEL G. MIDDENTS ANDREW C. MILLER DAVID WESTLEY MILLER GREGORY R. MILLER JASON M. MILLER AMBER LEE MILLERCHIP ANDREW A. MILLIGAN DAVID G. MILLS CRISTINA M. MIRANDA ELI G. MITCHELL JOEL A. MITRE BRIAN S. MIX KRISTY L. MIX JAMES E. MIXON MICHELLE M. MOBLEY MICHAEL R. MODESTO ROSS A. MOL ANTHONY R. MOLLISON DEREK C. MOLLOY JASON TODD MONACO RUSSELL T. MONTANTE, JR. MICHAEL S. MONTIER HOWARD THOMAS MOORE KRISTY L. MOORE SAMUEL L. MORELAND JAMES W. MORFORD ALLEN C. MORRIS, JR. CHRISTOPHER A. MORRIS DAVID C. MORRIS DONALD A. MORRIS JESSE K. MORSE ARNOLD R. MOSLEY SCOTT D. MOTLEY GREGORY M. MOULTON FREDERICK G. MUELLER, JR. MICHAEL SCOTT MULLIN DAVID T. MUNOZ MARK A. MURPHY MICHAEL SCOTT MURPHY EAMON R. MURRAY RYAN E. MURRAY SHANE PATRICK MUSCATO BRIAN D. MUTO KIMBERLY A. MYERS JEFFREY E. NAFF RICARDO NAJERA ERIC JOHN NAVARRE BRIAN B. NEAL ALEXANDER W. NELSON QUOCNAM T. NGUYEN ROBERT W. NICHOLS, JR. THOMAS I. NIX GENE H. NOH STEVEN NORRIS RAY H. NORTON MICHAEL J. NORVELL VRETTOS W. NOTARAS ANDREA M. OCONNOR CHARLES V. OCONNOR III PATRICK L. OKEEFE JAIME OLIVARES STEPHEN A. OLIVARES TREY J. OLMAN MARK T. OLMSTEAD MICAH V. ONEAL URIAH L. ORLAND JASON N. ORTOLANO RACHAEL MUNRO OTT CHAD D. OVERTON NATHAN H. OWEN RICHARD L. OWENS DAVID O. PABST MICHAEL P. PALIK KEVIN L. PARSONS RIMPA PATEL DAVID L. PAYTON NATHANIEL A. PEACE ERIC VERNET PEDERSON JUSTIN T. PENDRY JORGE N. PEREZBENITEZ NATHAN C. PERRY JOSHUA J. PERSING CHRISTOPHER R. PETEK ANDREW J. PETERSON ERIC M. PETERSON JOSEF N. PETERSON KATHERINE L. PETREN BRIAN D. PHILLIPS DEANNA M. PHILLIPS JENNIFER M. PHILLIPS THOMAS E. PHILLIPS, JR. SEAN P. PICCIRILLI ANTHONY L. PICKETT BRETT E. PLUMMER ZOFIA A. PLUMMER ARTIS M. POE III MICHAL P. POLIDOR MATTHEW A. POLUS NICHOLAS JOHN POPP JASON A. POWELL NATHAN J. POWELL DONALD W. POWERS ROBERT G. PRAUSA MATTHEW M. PRICE WALTER H. PRIEBE III JARRED L. PRIER MICHAEL L. PRIMIANO MATTHEW J. PROVENCHER ANTHONY J. PULEO JOSEPH C. PULLIAM SKYLAR E. QUINN MATTHEW J. QUINTON MICHAEL L. RAABE JAMES A. RAINS JOSE A. RAMIREZ MATHEW W. RAMSTACK KENNETH M. RASZINSKI STACY M. RATHJE DAVID J. RATLIFF GRANT ANDERSON RAUP CECIL E. REDMON II CHARLES W. REDMOND RONALD KEVIN REED CHRISTOPHER L. REESE RUSSELL T. REESE JEFFREY S. REGAN AARON D. REID BRANT CONOR REILLY DANIEL J. REISNER MICHAEL JOSEPH RENDOS CHRISTOPHER J. RETENELLER JOSEPH F. REVETERIANO ERIN S. REYNOLDS ANTHONY G. RHOADES BRIAN S. RHOADES MERLE G. RICHARD CHAD M. RICHARDS JASON S. RICHARDSON MARGARET MARIE RIOS ALEXANDER M. RISEBOROUGH CHRISTOPHER S. RITTER BRENT G. RITZKE TIFFANY N. RIVERA BRIAN C. ROBBINS ADAM K. ROBERTS JAMES E. ROBERTS KENNETH A. ROBERTS, JR. MATTHEW C. ROBERTS BRIAN R. ROBERTSON SCOTT J. ROBERTSON TYLER STORER ROBERTSON TIMOTHY M. ROBINSON JASON S. RODGERS JAMES A. RODRIGUEZ ERIC D. ROEHRKASSE LOUIS P. ROGNONI III ANDREW C. ROLLINS ADAM H. ROSADO ROBERT C. ROSEBROUGH JEFFREY RYAN ROSENBERRY MATTHEW C. ROSS TIMOTHY J. ROTT METODI V. ROULEV RAYMOND K. ROUNDS NICHOLAS G. ROWE KEVIN P. ROWLETTE EDWIN RUCKWARDT JULIE ANNE RUDY JUSTIN R. RUFA ANDREW D. RULE RICHARD G. W. RULIFFSON DAVID G. RUNELS RAYMOND M. RUSCOE BRIAN M. RUSSELL ERIC J. RUSSELL JERIMIAH D. RUSSIAN REBECCA F. RUSSO ETHAN A. RUTELL JAMES L. RUTLEDGE KATHERINE ANNE RYAN SCOTT D. RYDER ETHAN E. SABIN JERMAINE S. SAILSMAN TODD J. SALZWEDEL GERARDO SANCHEZ NICHOLAS B. SANDERS WILLIAM D. SANDERS CHARLES S. SANDUSKY JAMES MICHAEL SATTLER NICHOLAS R. SAUCIER ZACHARY T. SCHAFFER KYLE S. SCHLEWINSKY JOHN W. SCHMIDTKE KEITH M. SCHNEIDER CHRISTOPHER A. SCHNIPKE STEVEN A. SCHNOEBELEN MICHAEL W. SCHREINER TYLER B. L. SCHROEDER DAVID W. SCHUR LAWRENCE F. SCHUTZ JOHN R. SCHWARTZ ERIK W. SCHWARZ SETH PETER SCHWESINGER JESSE M. SCOTT LISA R. SCOTT MICHAEL D. SEAL KEVIN A. SEAY RYAN N. SEEKINS CHARLES D. SENDRAL CHAD A. SESSLER ANAND D. SHAH THEODORE JOHN SHANKS CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL SHARP BENJAMIN A. SHAUB KELLY W. SHELTON SAMUAL P. SHIMP BRANDY ANN SHIRLEY DENNY R. SHOFNER BRANDON R. SHROYER MATTHEW G. SIKKINK YONG C. SIM JAMES S. SIMMONS JASMINE MARIE SIMMS JONATHAN ALEXANDER SIRARD THANE A. SISSON RYAN DANIEL SKAGGS STEVEN B. SKIPPER FRANK T. SKRYPAK ANDREW SLAUGHTER JON P. SLAUGHTER RYAN A. SLAUGHTER JAMES N. SLEAR JONATHAN M. SLINKARD DENNIS R. SLOWINSKI ADAM J. SMITH ALLEN SMITH BENJAMIN M. SMITH CALEB T. SMITH CHRISTOPHER C. SMITH GENE T. SMITH JAMES DANIEL SMITH JEREMY R. SMITH LAWRENCE A. SMITH II PATRICK S. SMITH RIKKI D. SMITH RYAN G. SMITH EDWARD W. SMITHER JENNIFER JEAN SNOW SCOTT A. SNYDER ERIC M. SOBECKI SARA N. SOMERS DANIEL K. SORENSON JUSTIN EDWARD SORICE ELIZABETH D. SORRELLS JOHN WILLARD SOUTHARD JEREMY S. SPARKS LUCAS D. SPATHES MICHAEL B. SPECK ALEC THOMAS SPENCER DAVID M. P. SPITLER KATHRYN A. SPRINGER TODD J. SPRINGER WESLEY N. SPURLOCK III ROBERT S. ST CYR GREGORY R. STACK CARRIE R. STAFFORD BENJAMIN G. STALLARD RYAN L. STALLSWORTH LEE W. STANFORD TODD EDWARD STANIEWICZ JOSHUA P. STANTON SHAWN M. STAPPEN NIKOLAOS P. STATHOPOULOS ADAM R. STAUBACH RYAN L. STEBBINS GREGORY M. STEENBERGE EDWARD R. STEINFORT ADRAIN E. STEMPLE II MICHELLE L. STERLING SHAWN P. STERMER DAVID B. STEVENSON MARCUS U. STEVENSON ANDREW B. STEWART GRAHAM R. STEWART JAYSON STEWART TONY J. STIBRAL BRIAN A. STILES MICHAEL T. STONE SAMMY E. STOVER MICHAEL K. STREET AARON JOSEPH STRODE NATHAN C. STUCKEY MATTHEW P. STUECK ROBERT W. STURGILL, JR. MICHAEL WILLIAM SUDEN MATTHEW SUHRE FWAMAY L. SULLIVAN THOMAS RICHARD SULLIVAN KONSTANTIN SVERKOUNOV JOHN R. SWANSON PETER M. SWEENEY KYLE A. SWOPE ADAM N. SYLVAN DEREK J. SYSWERDA GIORGIO AUGUSTIN SZABO JOHN T. SZCZEPANSKI KYLE A. TAKAMURA BRIAN C. TALIAFERRO JUSTIN M. TARLTON EDWARD R. TAYLOR MATTHEW SCOTT TAYLOR MICHELLE L. TAYLOR TIFFANY S. TAYLOR TIMOTHY A. TENDALL CHRISTOPHER J. TERRY CHRISTOPHER M. THACKABERRY MILES PEYTON THAEMERT RYAN JAMES THEISEN FRANK A. THEISING GREGORY C. THERIOT MARY A. THIGPEN DUSTIN T. THOMAS JEROME SAMUAL TERRELL THOMAS KELIE A. THOMAS STEVEN C. THOMAS LINWOOD A. THOMPSON MICHAEL J. THOMPSON ROBERT E. THOMPSON MATTHEW B. THRIFT RYAN C. THULIN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.019 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4329 June 16, 2016 
CHRISTOPHER A. THUOTTE RENEE Z. THUOTTE ANDREW CHARLES TIDGEWELL AARON P. TILLMAN NELSON E. TIRADO WENDELL R. TONEY LEONARDO A. TONGKO ELIUD E. TORRES STEPHEN A. TOTH JONATHAN M. TOWNSEND JOHN M. TRAVIESO CATHERINE J. TREDWAY CHARLES M. TRICKEY STEVEN E. TRNKA DAVID D. TROXELL CHRISTOPHER M. TROYER STEVEN A. TRUEBLOOD MAUREEN A. TRUJILLO BRENT GERALD TSCHIKOF REBECCA A. TUBMAN JASON L. TUCKER BRYAN BERFENTI TUINMAN GRANT M. TULLIUS MICHAEL R. TURNER RICHARD J. TURNER JAMES M. TUTHILL JOSEPH BRIAN TUZZOLINO MARK ALLEN TYLER RYAN T. TYPOLT FRANCIS C. TYSON IV CHRISTOPHER D. UHLAND ANDREW GALO ULAT DAVID B. UNDEUTSCH CASEY L. UTTERBACK ANDREW J. VAIL MARKYVES J. VALENTIN JOSEPH S. VALENTINO JAMES M. VALPIANI GREGORY K. VAN DYK PETER A. VANAGAS MATTHEW J. VANGILDER DONALD E. VANSLYKE DANIEL MOISES VEGA GREGORY A. VICE MATTHEW BENJAMIN VICKERS JESSE O. VIG MICHAEL A. VOLKERDING STACIE L. VOORHEES DREW T. J. VOSS NATHAN P. VOSTERS CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL WADDELL KRISTOPHER L. WAECHTER RUSSELL E. WAIGHT RYAN G. WALINSKI EDWARD Y. WALKER HUGH E. WALKER III JASON DOUGLAS WALKER KRYSTAL M. WALKER VIRGINIA S. WALKER WILLIAM M. WALKER II JAMES A. WALL JOHN D. WALLACE JONATHON C. WALLER KEVIN WALSH THOMAS ALAN WALSH DANIEL P. WALTERS ANDRE M. WALTON LAWRENCE C. WARE RYAN B. WARTMAN DANIEL C. WASSMUTH ZACHARY R. WATERMAN JOSHUA CHRISTMAN WATKINS WILLIAM J. WATKINS JONATHAN N. WATSON JOSEPH A. WATSON TODD MICHAEL WATSON KEVIN L. WATTS BEACHER R. WEBB III BRIAN RICHARD WEBB JASON D. WEBB MICHAEL L. WEBBER BRIAN E. WEBSTER CHRISTOPHER J. WEDEWER SCOTT ALLEN WEED AARON W. WEEDMAN PAUL R. WEME HEATHER A. WEMPE DANIELLE D. WEMYSS MATTHEW J. WEMYSS MICHAEL F. WENDELKEN BRANDON D. WENGERT JAMES T. WESTFALL JACOB M. WESTWOOD TYSON KRISTOPHER WETZEL PHILLIP A. WHEELER MARK D. WHISLER GEOFFREY N. WHITAKER JONATHAN L. WHITAKER JOSHUA T. WHITE KEITH S. WHITE KEVIN E. WHITE MARCUS J. WHITE THOMAS D. WHITE TIM RAY WHITELOCK BISHANE ANTHONY WHITMORE JONATHAN L. WHITTAKER DANIEL PHILLIP WIESNER JOSHUA D. WIITALA MATTHEW S. WILCOXEN JOSHUA D. WILD BROOKS A. WILKERSON DAVID S. WILLIAMS JUSTIN J. WILLIAMS KEVIN CHARLES WILLIAMS, JR. DANIEL CLYDE WILLIS WARD G. WILLIS CARL B. WILSON CHIRIGA O. WILSON DAVID C. WILSON NEAL M. WILSON RICHARD N. WINFREY, JR. CHRISTOPHER L. WINKLEPLECK ALEXANDER D. WINN NICHOLAS G. WISNEWSKI WARREN ERIC WITHROW PATRICK WOLVERTON RYAN T. WONG CHRISTOPHER C. WOOD JASON LEWIS WOODRUFF ABRAM M. WOODY GREGORY A. WOOLEY SCOTT P. WUENSTEL WILLIAM L. WUNSCHEL LAWRENCE WYATT, JR. MING XU AARON M. YAGER VUE YANG ALAN YEE CHRISTOPHER W. YENGO MICHAEL D. YOUNG BENJAMIN D. YOUNGQUIST PETER D. YULE DENNIS A. ZABKA MATTHEW D. ZAKRI JOSE L. ZAMBRANO ARIC L. ZEESE BAI LAN ZHU THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DANIEL J. BESSMER IMELDA M. CATALASAN ANDREW A. CRUZ DAVID H. DICKEY MARK R. DUFFY MELANIE J. ELLIS LARRY S. KROLL MARTIN W. LAFRANCE DAVID J. LINKH CHERIE ANNE C. MAUNTEL MICHAEL B. PEAKE SCOTT M. SONNEK CHRISTINE L. STABILE BERNARD L. VANPELT CHRISTIE BARTON WALTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
DAVID B. BARKER DANISHIA A. BARTON MELISSA J. BEASLEY RANDOLPH T. BOSCH JAMES M. CAMILLERI BRIAN M. CARUTHERS MARIABETHY PULIDO CASH JOSHUA S. CURTIS KELLY LYNN DETERING JOI BLYTHE DOZIER IAN C. ERSKINE DAVID A. FERGUSON STEVEN M. FOX RYAN A. GABEL EMIRZA G. GRADIZ LISA FLORES GUZMAN FRED L. HARRIS ADAM G. HENSON KIRK D. HUNTSMAN PERRY J. JOHNS VANESSA A. JOHNSON ALEXEI KAMBALOV SYLVIA CHIHYUN KIM JOSHUA J. LESLIE WENDY J. MORENO LINDSEY KAY OLESON JOSHUA D. PETER KEVIN S. RAMSEY DANIEL J. RIVAS TODD M. ROMAN JOSEPH H. ROUNTREE TANYA M. SIMULICK STATWELL G. SINCLAIR, JR. JAMES A. STEWART LEWIS RANDOLPH TAYLOR THOMAS JASON TELFER ALISON M. THOMAS JASON T. TOMPKINS NEVA J. VANDERSCHAEGEN GLORIA JEN WALSKI TOBIE A. WETHINGTON JOCELYN M. WHALEN TANYA R. YELVERTON ANGELA M. YUHAS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
EBON S. ALLEY JEFFREY D. ANDREOLI JOHN C. BATKA PAUL W. BOTT MEGAN S. BRANDT ROBERT S. BROWN KAREN J. BUIKEMA BELINDA F. COLE WARREN G. CONROW SCOTT A. COREY JAMIE D. CORNETT AMANDA L. DENTON MATTHEW R. FERRERI JENNIFER M. GIOVANNETTI ELISA AMANTIAD HAMMER JARRETT R. JACK PAUL Y. KIM ADAM B. KLEMENS KEYE S. LATIMER JUNG B. LEE MONIKA LUNN TRAVIS J. MEIDINGER MIKEL M. MERRITT CAROLANN MILLER JEFFREY A. NEWSOM CHRISTOPHER S. PECHACEK JOSEPH N. PUGLIESE CHRISTOPHER M. PUTNAM CARY C. REGISTER ALLISON R. ROGERS TOMAO L. ROSE ELLEN A. ROSKA EMBER RYALS SEAN D. SARSFIELD JASON B. SHIRAH JENNIFER L. SHIRLEY JOHN E. STUBBS TISHA D. SUTTON BRIAN K. SYDNOR MATTHEW T. TARANTO CHRISTINE L. TOLBERT CHARLES B. TOTH DAVID E. WAGNER ERICH W. WANAGAT DANIEL J. WATSON AARON D. WEAVER DAVID C. WRIGHT RICHARD Y. K. YOO KENDRA S. ZBIR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
OLUJIMISOLA M. ADELANI JOSHUA P. ADILI DANIELLE N. ANDERSON SCOTT R. ANDERSON ERIN D. ARCHER RICHARD S. BAKER, JR. SCOTT A. BAKER JEFFREY N. BARNES TIMOTHY W. BATTEN NIKKI L. BEADLE SEAN W. BERENSEN MARCUS B. BOONE JOANNA BORAWSKI ANDREW J. BOSTIC JOHN A. BOUCHARD TIFFANY A. BRAKEFIELD CRYSTAL A. BROWN SCOTT CODY R. BUTLER DANIELLE BUTLER RYAN D. BUTTON NICOLE M. CAMPBELL GABRIEL A. CANTU DANIEL E. CATRAMBONE LEAH D. CHAPMAN TODD J. CHRISTENSEN LEVI E. COLE DEBORAH E. COLON PATRICK D. CORDING AMILEAH R. DAVIS MINDY A. DAVIS NANCY B. DELANEY NICOLE C. DJANBATIAN JOHN S. DOLESKI ALICIA M. DUDLEY KYLE HUNTER EAST RYAN G. EISWERTH IRENA F. FARLIK RUDOLPH T. FRANCIN SHARA N. FRANCIN SHEONTEE C. FRANK SHELTON J. FRASER LESLEY ANN FRIEDHOFF IVETH A. GALVEZ GUZMAN JASON M. GARCIA RYAN G. GARRISON BRIANNE J. GEORGE TIMOTHY R. GEORGE JULIANNE J. GILLESPIE JOSEPH GITERSONKE NATHAN W. GOEKE JOSHUA M. HALL CHASE M. HAMILTON ROCHELLE K. HASE GLORIA J. HEATER JEFFREY R. HERCHLER CHRISTOPHER G. HERMAN EMILY N. HEWETT BRANDON M. HEY RODNEY A. HO, JR. ADAM M. HOLLINGSWORTH CHARLES R. HOLT III NATHAN H. HOWARTH MICHAEL J. HSU DANA M. HUBBARD STEVEN M. HYER ADAM P. IRVIN KAMY C. JENKINS DAVID M. JOHNSON LAURA E. JOHNSON PHILLIP J. KARSEN ROBERT S. KENNEDY ERIC J. KIRWAN MICHAEL R. KLINGSHIRN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.021 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4330 June 16, 2016 
MARQUITA F. KNIGHT SHAWN P. KNIGHT SARA E. KOEPKE BENJAMIN F. KOLLE NATHAN A. KRZYANIAK KATHIUSKA M. LAMBRODRIGUEZ JAMES HAROLD LANDSBERGER KIMBERLY A. LANE GREGORY J. LATHBURY RYAN M. LEPPERT MAIRA G. MALHABOUR BRYDON K. MANNING DANIEL MARCIEL MARGARET E. MARTIN JOHN W. MARUHN JONATHAN B. MCQUAIG PATRICK M. MEADE JULIE L. MENEGAY JACOB A. MOCK JAMES NATHANAEL MOORE PATRICK M. MUDIMBI MAYRIN C. MUNGUIA GERALD J. NOVACK KATHRYN H. OJA ERIC A. OWENS BECKY L. PEDERSON DANIELLE N. PENDER VICTOR I. PERRI, JR. JULIANNA M. PETRONE JOHN P. PISTELLO JESSICA H. RACKLEY JAMES W. RAFINER TIMOTHY E. RALSTON KARLA J. RAMIREZVIGIL KIMBERLY M. RANIERI KRISTEN E. REDD ELLIOT N. REED PRESTON CARNELL REED ERICA N. ROBINSON AMBER N. RODGERS MICHELLE M. RODRIGUEZ MELANIE R. ROSERIE JESSICA J. SAN FELIPPO TRAVIS W. SCHMITT ANDREA B. SCHULTZ DANNY A. SECOR RYAN B. SHAVER MICHAEL A. SHAW HEIDI L. SHELSTAD JORDAN L. SIMONSON TREVOR W. SLEIGHT TIFFANY V. SOMMERS NATHAN VINCENT STAFFORD NICHOLAS ALLYN STASSEN CHARU STOKES WILLIAMS JAMES GAYLE STOUFFLET, JR. STELA S. STRILIGAS MICHAEL P. SWEENEY JUSTIN C. SZAJNECKI JOYANNE E. TESEI HEATHER M. TEVEBAUGH KATHRYN MARIE TIDWELL JOSHUA J. VAN WYNGAARDEN SEE S. VANG MICHAEL A. VERNALE JERRY V. WALKER III AMANDA R. WALSH JENNIFER P. WANG MADELYN F. WAYCHOFF BRIAN J. WELCH BRIAN HUNTER WELLS JUSTIN G. WHITAKER RACHEL E. WILEY RYAN W. WILKES ANN E. WILKINS JOSHUA D. WILSON LORA WOLSKI HUETTE C. WONG JAMIE MEREDITH WOODSON KELLIE J. ZENTZ 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
BRIAN C. GARVER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
EDWARD J. FISHER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
THOMAS W. LUTON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.023 S16JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE931 June 16, 2016 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF FARM CREDIT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BRAD ASHFORD 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 14, 2016 Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to offer my congratulations to the Farm Credit System as its cooperative owners and employ-ees celebrate one hundred years of service. The Farm Credit System has provided a de-pendable source of financing for farmers, ranchers, and farm cooperatives throughout the years to ensure the agriculture industry can continue to feed America and serve as the backbone of our economy. I am also hon-ored to serve as a cosponsor of House Reso-lution 591 to formally commend the Farm Credit System for their one hundred years of service to America’s farmers and ranchers since the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916 was signed into law by President Woodrow Wilson. Today in the second district of Nebraska, Farm Credit Services of America has been ac-tively supporting the next generation of the ag-riculture workforce through its ongoing finan-cial support for organizations like 4–H and Fu-ture Farmers of America. In addition to these groups, they are a key player in an industry- wide partnership to support Omaha Bryan High School’s Urban Agriculture Academy. This innovative and important program allows students to study leadership skills, explore ag-riculture related careers, and gain a sense of community in the agriculture industry. One in three jobs in Nebraska is agriculture-related, and there is a strong demand for skills suited to those industries. Omaha Bryan is filling this demand with students who would otherwise not be aware of what a job in the agriculture industry can look like. Investment in the Omaha Bryan program by Farm Credit and many other Omaha businesses has been in-strumental in getting the program, now in its fourth year, through the crucial, early develop-ment stages. Thank you, Farm Credit, for your leadership and support of Nebraska agriculture and rural communities. 
f 
REMEMBERING COL. WILLIAM BREEZE 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and memory of Col. Wil-liam Breeze of Cedar Grove, North Carolina, a dear friend, dedicated patriot, and one of the most civic-minded individuals I have ever known. Col. Breeze died on June 7 at the age of 97 at the Croasdaile Retirement Community in Durham. My wife Lisa and I remember Bill fondly and want to extend our best wishes to his family. Bill grew up in northern Orange County and studied agriculture at the North Carolina State University—the start of a lifetime of loyalty and support (Bill had a full supply of red NCSU blazers.). In 1943, he married Elizabeth McKnight, beginning a sixty-year partnership that ended with her death in 2003. Bill joined the Army Air Corps during World War II, serving as a skilled bomber pilot, and completed his career in the Air Force thirty years later. He was awarded the Legion of Merit and Distinguished Flying Cross. I first got to know Bill when he returned to North Carolina after his military retirement, be-coming a highly successful farmer and taking on one civic, church, or political leadership role after another. For years, he was Governor Jim Hunt’s main liaison in northern Orange County, and when I first ran for Congress in 1986, Bill helped me immensely in getting around that territory. He made politics per-sonal and enjoyable. It was quite an experi-ence going to a rural church supper with Bill Breeze: he knew everyone, and could engage people from all walks of life with wit and warmth. Beneath it all, he was a committed citizen who looked at personal engagement and community betterment as the heart of pol-itics. My admiration for his generosity and dedication knows no bounds. As Bill eased out of active farming, he do-nated a portion of his land to North Carolina State University to be used as an incubator for young farmers, encouraging them to pursue sustainable farming—the Breeze Farm project. He also established a scholarship program for agriculture students at NCSU. As Bill Breeze’s full, rich, and caring life comes to an end, many North Carolinians have reason to give thanks for his many con-tributions and the lives he has touched. I am pleased to join in this tribute, for Bill Breeze exemplified love of country, service to commu-nity, and politics at its best in ways that will in-spire me and many others for the rest of our lives. f 
RECOGNIZING HAYNIE JOAQUIN JACKSON 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. H. Joaquin Jack-son of Alpine, Texas. It saddens me to share that Mr. Jackson passed away in the early morning of June 16th, 2016, leaving behind family, friends, and all those who had the fortune to cross paths with him. I extend my condolences to the loved ones who will mourn his passing, but also would like to take the time to recognize the life of this extraordinary Texan. Mr. Jack-son was born in 1935 in the Panhandle on his grandfather’s farm, was married for nearly 50 years, and was a proud father to two sons. He led an extraordinary life, most notably serving as a Texas Ranger for 27 years, with postings across the West Texas desert, including 21 years at his first post in Uvalde, Texas. Mr. Jackson personified the Texas spirit of rugged resilience. As a Texas Ranger, Mr. Jackson was tasked with protecting citizens from serial killers, drug smugglers, inter-national gangs, prison revolts, and thieves. Mr. Jackson became a legend among law enforce-ment officials due to his exceptional investiga-tive abilities, innovative approaches to law en-forcement, and tremendous commitment to enforcing the law. Mr. Jackson served for 27 years as a Texas Ranger, served on the Board of Directors for the National Rifle Asso-ciation, served his community as a private in-vestigator, and even acted in several movies. Mr. Jackson leaves behind two sons, Don Joaquin and Lance, and grandchildren. While Mr. Jackson is no longer with us, his spirit will live on in West Texas. f 
IN HONOR OF COLONEL PAUL W. FELLINGER 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the distinguished career of an out-standing soldier and public servant, Colonel Paul W. Fellinger. On June 23, 2016, he will relinquish his command of the United States Army Garrison, Presidio of Monterey, and re-tire from the Army later this year. I have had the great pleasure of working with Colonel Fellinger during his tenure as the Garrison Commander of the Presidio of Mon-terey beginning in 2013. The Presidio garrison plays host to several thousand students and faculty of the Defense Language Institute as well as several other Army missions. Paul ef-fectively served as the city manager of these dynamic communities. And it is in that capac-ity that I and my staff came to understand and rely on Paul’s deep professionalism and prob-lem solving skills in many different instances. He was the driving force behind gaining ap-proval of an Intergovernmental Service Agree-ment, which was the first of its kind and set the standard for the Department of Defense. He was always highly involved in developing and maintaining partnerships with local organi-zations and immersed himself in the commu-nity. He helped steer several significant new construction projects to completion and has deftly managed his facilities relationship with the surrounding communities. He never failed to combine an understanding of the issue at hand with a deft personal diplomacy. It is a testament to his superlative leadership skills that Colonel Fellinger could perform so well both on the battlefield and in the base oper-ations world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.001 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE932 June 16, 2016 
Colonel Fellinger was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. As part of a military family, he moved often during his childhood. Commissioned into the infantry from Xavier University in 1990, his first duty assignment was as platoon leader and company executive officer in the 3rd Bat-talion (Mechanized), 15th Infantry at Fort Stewart, Georgia. During his next operational assignment he served as a company com-mander and assistant operations officer in 2nd Battalion, 325th Airborne Infantry Regiment, 82nd Airborne Division, Fort Bragg, North Carolina. During command, he deployed the company to Haiti in support of the United States Support Group—Haiti. He later returned to the 82nd Airborne Divi-sion, where he served as a battalion oper-ations officer and executive officer during Op-eration Iraqi Freedom I. He then served in the newly formed Asymmetric Warfare Group as a Troop Commander deploying in support of Op-eration Enduring Freedom. He later assumed command of 1st Squadron (Airborne), 91st Cavalry, Schweinfurt, Germany, and deployed the unit to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole House in extending our most sincere gratitude for Colonel Fellinger’s service to our Nation. The United States is a more secure and fruit-ful place as a consequence of his efforts. I want to wish Colonel Fellinger all the best as he transitions from active duty to a new ca-reer, in what will surely be an active and fruit-ful retirement. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOAL OF EN-SURING ALL HOLOCAUST VIC-TIMS LIVE WITH DIGNITY, COM-FORT, AND SECURITY 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 129, which passed the House of Representatives earlier this month. This resolution urges the Federal Republic of Ger-many to reaffirm itself to its goal of guaran-teeing that all Holocaust victims live with dig-nity, comfort, and security throughout the rest of their lives. The tragedies and hardships that Holocaust survivors have endured in their life-time are undeniable and we should do every-thing in our power to ensure they should face no such hardships again. But, despite this, many survivors throughout the country and world are living in poverty and require assist-ance and specific services that they cannot af-ford on their own. There are approximately 500,000 remaining Holocaust survivors today, and more than 60,000 of them are in need of home care services. The Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany (Claims Conference) has devoted itself to negotiating with the Ger-man Government to provide payments to as-sist these survivors. Since its first agreement in 1952, $70 billion has been distributed to more than 800,000 Holocaust survivors and the 60,000 survivors still in need of care today means these efforts must continue. That is why I support the work of the Claims Con-ference, why I co-sponsored and voted in favor of H. Con. Res. 129, and why I will con-tinue to support such efforts to ensure sur-vivors have the support and financial assist-ance to live out their lives with dignity, com-fort, and security. f 
SYLVIE LAMONTAGNE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Sylvie Lamontagne for her fourth place finish at the 2016 Scripps National Spelling Bee. Sylvie Lamontagne is an 8th grader at Creighton Middle School in Lakewood, Colo-rado. She is the first back-to-back winner of the Colorado State Spelling Bee in decades— a tremendous feat. Last year, she finished ninth place at the 2015 Scripps National Spell-ing Bee and returned this year by spending countless hours preparing for the competition. The dedication demonstrated by Sylvie Lamontagne is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. Sylvie is a role model for other students to strive to make the most of their education and develop a strong work ethic. I extend my deepest congratulations to Sylvie Lamontagne for her fourth place finish at the Scripps National Spelling Bee and for proudly representing the great State of Colo-rado on a national level. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAROL FULTON YEATES 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Carol Fulton Yeates, a remarkable woman in California to whom we all owe a deep grati-tude for her leadership in protecting Califor-nia’s wildlife. Because of her tireless work, California sea otters and mountain lions are protected. With wildlife advocates, like the late Mar-garet Owings and my late father, California Senator Fred Farr, Carol helped launch ‘‘Friends of the Sea Otter.’’ Carol became the executive director of Friends of the Sea Otter in 1981, a role she would lead with distinction and accomplish-ment until 1989. During that period, sea otter population went from near extinction to numbers in the thou-sands. Because of Carol’s passionate management it has become a great success with global at-tention. Soon after the sea otter effort, Carol turned her attention to protecting the California moun-tain lion. Like her work on protecting sea otters, Carol achieved success in safeguarding mountain lions. Carol is one of the brightest, most creative and charming activists to grace California. She won over elected officials on both sides of the aisle and from across all levels of government, and often was the only woman in the room. Her voice remains heard above others be-cause of her extraordinary ability to build con-sensus and her ability to drive a compelling narrative based on facts. During her work, she met my friend, Bill Yeates of Sacramento State Capitol fame. It was said by all their many friends on both sides of the wedding aisle, that their marriage was made in heaven by all God’s creatures who they both worked so hard to save. Carol and Bill raised their son Zachary to follow in their footsteps into political advocacy for animals. He is now heavily engaged in local politics in Sacramento. Carol’s legacy is grounded in empowering women to speak out for the humane treatment of wildlife and pioneering advocacy strategies. She supported women like Margaret Owings in carrying out her dreams. And Carol incorporated women into organi-zations like Defenders of Wildlife, the Humane Society of the United States and the ASPCA. While her work has helped wildlife and com-munities throughout California, a major part of her legacy is in Big Sur, protecting wildlife on the wild coast. The Sea Otter, the California Condors, the mountain lions—the wonders of the wilder-ness. I know the whole House joins me in saluting the great work of a great woman in a great state to protect and preserve the wonders of land and sea. Our thoughts and prayers are with Carol Fulton Yeates and her family during this chal-lenging time. f 
HONORING COMMUNITY CHAMPION J. GARY D
ECOMO 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize one of my constituents from Western Pennsylvania, Mr. J. Gary DeComo. Since 1994, Gary has honorably served as Magisterial District Judge for the 33rd District in Armstrong County. However, his dedication to the community goes far be-yond the judicial system. Also in 1994, after seeing and sentencing countless drug offenders, Judge DeComo began his crusade against drug use and es-tablished the Drugs Kill Dreams program, in order to educate and distribute his drug pre-vention messages. The mission of the Drugs Kill Dreams program is to make our youth and community aware of the dangers and destruc-tion of drug usage. Driven by the belief that if we increase pre-vention we will decrease addiction and crime, Judge DeComo strives to reach as many indi-viduals as possible. Remarkably, the Drugs Kill Dreams program has become a collective effort throughout the entire community. This success can be attributed to Judge DeComo’s dedication to creating partnerships that pro-mote the Drugs Kill Dreams mission and con-tribute to its overall success. Drugs Kill Dreams has flourished due to collaborations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JN8.003 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE933 June 16, 2016 
with various schools, churches, treatment cen-ters, law enforcement agencies and hos-pitals—including the Armstrong County Memo-rial Hospital (ACMH), which has been the pro-gram’s most significant and influential relation-ship. Throughout the years, Judge DeComo has adapted and updated the Drugs Kill Dreams program, to ensure the content is relevant and that the needs of the community are ad-dressed. Although the program continues to be modified and altered appropriately, Judge DeComo’s sincere passion for this initiative re-mains the same. In serving the judicial system, the commu-nity, and all of those in need, Judge DeComo is an absolute inspiration. His compassion and generosity has positively influenced the lives of so many, and will continue to do so for years to come. Therefore, on behalf of the Third Congressional District of Pennsylvania, I would like to express sincere gratitude and ap-preciation to the Honorable J. Gary DeComo, an admirable professional, a selfless indi-vidual, and a true Community Champion. 
f 
HONORING MUHAMMAD ALI 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Louisville, Kentucky’s Muhammad Ali. Muhammad was born Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr., to the late Mr. Cassius Marcellus Clay, Sr., and Mrs. Odessa Grady Clay. In 1954, at the age of twelve, Muhammad Ali began his boxing career, and at the age of 18 he won a gold medal at the 1960 Rome Olym-pics. At age 22, Muhammad Ali defeated Charles ‘‘Sonny’’ Liston and became the youngest World’s Heavyweight Champion. He an-nounced to the world two days following that fight that he had adopted the beliefs and tradi-tions of the Islam and had become a member of the Nation of Islam. Cassius Clay soon took the name ‘‘Muham-mad Ali’’ on March 6, 1964. The name was given to him by Elijah Muhammad. His conver-sion to Islam soon caused criticism from many white Americans and in response he stated, ‘‘I am America. I am the part you won’t recog-nize. But get used to me. Black, confident, cocky; my name, not yours; my religion, not yours; my goals, my own; get used to me.’’ Due to his religious beliefs, Ali refused in-duction into the United States Armed Forces; consequently being sentenced to five years in prison. In 1971, his conviction was overturned; however, he was stripped of his title and banned from fighting causing him to think he would never be allowed the opportunity to box again. However, three years later he was per-mitted to return to the boxing ring. Muhammad Ali’s acceptance of the Islamic philosophies impacted the mindsets of many Americans especially those in opposition of the Vietnam War and those in opposition to white supremacy. He altered the teachings of Elijah Muham-mad by embracing all people and preparation for his own afterlife. He proclaimed that the separatist doctrine was no longer a belief of the Nation of Islam for it represented the time of their struggle in the dark and a time of con-fusion in them. As an athlete, Muhammad Ali rarely re-ceived the respect owed due to his conviction and strong commitment to what was perceived as an unorthodox religion. He stood proud and did not allow the criticism of the American people to deter his will to serve within his reli-gion and to reign as a champion in the ring. Muhammad Ali’s actions influenced the image of black Americans by giving them courage to overcome their fear by addressing racism and demanding respect as a people. Muhammad Ali is a recipient of many awards including: National Golden Gloves Light Heavyweight Champion, National Ama-teur Athletic Union champion, National Golden Gloves Light Heavyweight Champion, National Amateur Athletic Union champion, Gold medal in the Rome Olympics, World Heavyweight Champion, Dr. Martin Luther King Memorial Award, Sportsman of the Year for Sports Illus-trated, Fighter of the Year from the Boxing Writers Association, Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Texas Southern Univer-sity, and countless other awards and distinc-tions. Muhammad Ali leaves behind a host of fam-ily and friends and nine children: Maryum, Jamillah, Rasheda, Laila, Hana, Miya, Khaliah, Muhammad Ali, Jr. and Asaad Amin. In his death we find few people who do not admire him. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the boxing icon, Muhammad Ali, for his courageous convictions. 
f 
FORT BEND SHERIFF CAPTAIN PAUL MOSLEY RETIRES AFTER 30 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Captain Paul Mosley on retiring with more than 30 years of service with the Fort Bend County Sheriffs Department. In April of 1986, Captain Mosley became a full-time deputy at the Fort Bend County Sher-iff’s Office. He began working with the local jail, moved over to the warrants unit and later to patrol. Mosley has now been a Captain over the Internal Affairs Division for three and a half years. Prior to Mosley’s 30 years of service, he played baseball for six years with the then Los Angeles Angels minor league team. Between baseball seasons, Mosley also acted in shows such as ‘‘Combat’’ and ‘‘My Favorite Martian’’. Fort Bend County has been safer thanks to Mosley’s decades of service and protection. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again Captain Paul Mosley on his retirement after 30 years of dedicated service to Fort Bend Coun-ty. Thank you for stepping up to protect and serve. HONORING ASHLEY HOBSON ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Neosho High School student Ashley Hobson for her being accepted as a delegate to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and engage the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Ashley who qualify for this in-credibly selective honor exemplify top-tier dili-gence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, Ashley Hobson has not only demonstrated that she is qualified to represent Missouri through her strong academic per-formance, but has also displayed a true pas-sion for medical science and medicine that will serve her well in future endeavors. I wish Ash-ley the best of luck in all her future endeavors. On behalf of Missouri’s Seventh Congres-sional District, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her for this achievement. 
f 
HONORING THE TOWN OF MIDDLE-FIELD, CONNECTICUT AS THEY CELEBRATE THEIR SESQUI-CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to rise today to extend my heartfelt con-gratulations to the communities of Middlefield and Rockfall, Connecticut as they celebrate the Town’s 150th Anniversary. This is a very special milestone for this small community of just over four thousand residents. Over the course of the year, celebratory activities have been organized by a dedicated group of volun-teers. Though small in number, the community is mighty in spirit—working together every day to meet the changing needs of its residents while preserving the unique, quintessentially New England, rural character of the Town. Originally a part of Middletown, in 1744 the Connecticut General Assembly recognized Middlefield as a separate religious society but it was not until 1866 that is was officially incor-porated as a separate town. In fact it was one of the last of Connecticut’s 169 cities, towns, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JN8.008 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE934 June 16, 2016 
and boroughs. From the Millers and Lymans to the Hubbards, Coes, and Augurs, the com-munity is still home to many descendants of its founding members—one of the many things that makes this community a special place to live. Middlefield has a rich agricultural and indus-trial history that continues to today. In its ear-liest years, it was settled by farmers and in fact it remains home to one of the oldest fam-ily-run businesses in the United States, Lyman Orchards. In time, light industry came to town with a paper mill and later a powder mill com-ing into operation, followed by factories for nail cutting and pistol making as well as a grist and saw mill. Today, Middlefield is home to the Cooper Atkins Corporation as well as Zygo Corporation and the Cahill & Sons companies. The Town is also full of beautiful natural re-sources and protected open spaces. Wads-worth State Park offers a beach and small lake for swimming as well as trails for hiking. It is also home to Wadsworth Falls, one of the largest and finest waterfalls in Connecticut, where the West River falls thirty-five feet and when the river is running high the roar of the falls can be heard for miles around. Pekham Park offers residents and visitors a wide vari-ety of year round activities including ice-skat-ing, baseball, basketball, soccer, and a won-derful jungle gym. On Lake Beseck you can often find the locals fishing or simply enjoying the water. And, of course, at Lyman Orchards you can pick your own fruit in the summer and fall and enjoy apple-picking, the corn and sun-flower mazes, and pumpkin fields in the fall. It has been an honor for me to serve as Middlefield’s U.S. Representative these last twenty-five years and I am proud to have this opportunity to extend my heartfelt congratula-tions to every member of this special commu-nity as they celebrate their 150th Anniversary. 
f 
CORPORAL, UNITED STATES ARMY, SUSAN J. YOUNGWORTH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Susan J. Youngworth, Corporal, United States Army, for her service to our country. Corporal Youngworth served in the United States Army from May 1990 to May 1994. As an Army Medical Specialist, Corporal Youngworth had the opportunity to serve as a combat medic while on active duty, supporting Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm, with service in Iraq and Kuwait. Corporal Youngworth participated in the 2015–2016 Veterans History Project documen-tary film produced by the students and West-minster High School in conjunction with our of-fice. The film is part of the Library of Con-gress’ Veterans History Project (VHP), a con-gressionally chartered project that works to collect, preserve and make accessible per-sonal accounts of American war veterans. As a result, my office had the honor and privilege of getting to know Corporal Youngworth and hearing about her experiences as a combat medic. Corporal Youngworth’s stories will be submitted to the Library of Congress to forever be preserved in our nation’s history. Corporal Youngworth’s courageous service has charted the path for future generations of men and women to serve in the military. I ex-tend my deepest appreciation to Corporal Susan J. Youngworth for her dedication, integ-rity and outstanding service to the United States of America. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF PERRY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Perry, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA spon-sored by the Arbor Day Foundation in co-operation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Perry has met the core stand-ards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA com-munities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner delivers technical and financial resources to states, cit-ies and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. When communities like Perry are recognized it makes me proud to represent our great state in the United States Congress. I commend the City of Perry and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representa-tives to join me in congratulating them for re-ceiving this award and in wishing the city noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING UNITED SENIOR CITIZENS CENTER 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the United Senior Citizens Center as they celebrate 42 years of dedicated serv-ice to the Sunset Park neighborhood. Since 1974, this organization has enriched the minds, bodies and souls of seniors in our community. I’d also like to extend heartfelt congratula-tions to my good friend Grisel Amador, who has devoted her time and energy to running this center for over 28 years through many challenges. Grisel has truly helped shepherd this institution into a valuable anchor of the community and she should be applauded for all that she does. Grisel and all the Center’s workers understand the importance of caring for our senior citizens and treating them with the utmost care and respect. During these challenging fiscal times when many federal, state and city services are being scaled back, community organizations like the United Senior Citizens Center are all the more important. Mr. Speaker, I thank the staff and all those involved with the United Senior Citizens Cen-ter for their dedication to the seniors of Brook-lyn. I ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating them on 42 years of service. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CENTER FOR FATHERS AND FAMILIES’ 14TH ANNUAL SALUTE TO FA-THERHOOD BANQUET 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Center for Fathers and Families as friends and supporters gather to celebrate those being honored at the 14th Annual Salute to Fatherhood Banquet. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring the Center for Fathers and Families and these fine fathers. Founded over two decades ago, the Center for Fathers and Families focuses on promoting the roles that fathers and father-figures play in their families and in our community as a whole. The Center offers many programs and services that aim to enrich and empower fa-thers and their families. Classes for parents in-clude parenting classes for men, co-parenting classes, anger management classes, and GED preparation and completion, as well as individual personal assistance sessions. Each of these services and transformational pro-grams make the Center for Fathers and Fami-lies a cornerstone of our community. At this year’s gala, four men will be honored for their contributions to our community as fa-thers, father-figures, and mentors. I would like to recognize each of these men, Frankie McDermott, Kevin Ridgle, Peterson Latortue, and Micah Simmons, for their commitment to parenting and mentoring our youth. These men truly model the Center’s motto, ‘‘Father-hood is Forever.’’ Mr. Speaker, as friends and families of the Center for Fathers and Families gather to rec-ognize this year’s honorees, I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring them for their unwavering commitment to family and to strengthening our community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WAYZATA BOYS TRACK AND FIELD 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Wayzata High School Boys Track and Field team on winning their second consecutive Minnesota State championship. The Trojans defended their title led by first place finishes by Jaret Carpenter in both the sixteen-hundred meter and thirty-two-hundred meter races, and strong performances from the relay teams. Wayzata used a complete team effort to win the title and I commend them for their accomplishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.005 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE935 June 16, 2016 
These athletes spend countless hours prac-ticing to reach their personal bests. They un-derstand the value of teamwork and sports-manship to not only become better athletes and teammates, but better students, members of the community, and future leaders. In addition, they manage their time to excel at school, as well as fulfill and exceed family and social obligations. Mr. Speaker, the families, teachers, friends, and our entire community are very proud of these high school champs. Congratulations to the Wayzata High School Boys Track and Field team on a job well done. 
f 
PEARLAND DETECTIVE JOHN D
ESPAIN RECEIVES DISTIN-GUISHED HONOR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Pearland Detective John DeSpain for receiving Officer of the Year Honors for his exceptional service to the community. John DeSpain was named the Texas/Lou-isiana Gulf Coast District Exchange Club’s Of-ficer of the Year at their annual banquet. DeSpain has been with the Pearland Police Department since 2003, and was promoted to Detective in 2012. In addition to his detective work, DeSpain is the current President of the Pearland Police Officer’s Association. Pearland residents are better protected thanks to his dedication to protect and serve. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Detective John DeSpain for receiving this distinguished honor and for helping to keep Pearland safe. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LOUIS JOSEPH FISHER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Louis ‘‘Lou’’ Joseph Fisher who passed away at the age of 78 on May 2nd, 2016 in McLean, Virginia. Lou was born in New York City, New York on September 4, 1937 and moved to the Washington, D.C. area at a young age. He at-tended St. Mary’s Academy in Alexandria, Vir-ginia and graduated from St. John’s College High School in Washington, D.C. Following his graduation from St. John’s, Lou attended Vir-ginia Military Institute and George Washington University, where he graduated with a busi-ness degree. Mr. Fisher spent most of his life working at International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), where he loyally served for 28 years. Prior to joining IBM, Lou worked for California Satellite Company, and even developed and sold two companies, Federal Computer Cor-poration and Condor Tech. His dedication to both his work and his family was known to all, and his commitment to those around him is a loss for us all. His passion and service to our community was unparalleled. Lou will be sincerely missed by all those who had the pleasure of knowing him both on a personal and a professional level. I know that he has impacted many in his life, and we are all grateful for having known him. He is survived by his wife, Mary; his sister, Lois Hamilton, many nieces and nephews, and countless friends. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding fare-well to, Louis Fisher. May he rest in peace, and his family be comforted. f 
COMMITTEE VOTES ON DENYING TRANSFERS OF FIREARMS 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-lowing: 
Pursuant to the provisions of clause 3(b) of rule XIII of the House of Representatives, the results of each roll call vote on an amendment or on the motion to report, to-gether with the names of those voting for and those voting against, are printed below: 
ROLL CALL NO . 2 Date: July 17, 2013 Measure: Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2014 Motion by: Mrs. Lowey Description of Motion: To allow the Attor-ney General to deny transfers of firearms to persons known or suspected to be engaged in conduct related to terrorism. Results: Defeated 19 yeas to 29 nays. 
Members Voting Yea Members Voting Nay 
Mr. Cuellar ......................................... Mr. Aderholt Ms. DeLauro ....................................... Mr. Alexander Mr. Farr .............................................. Mr. Bishop Mr. Fattah .......................................... Mr. Bonner Mr. Honda ........................................... Mr. Calvert Ms. Kaptur .......................................... Mr. Carter Ms. Lee ............................................... Mr. Cole Mrs. Lowey .......................................... Mr. Crenshaw Ms. McCollum ..................................... Mr. Culberson Mr. Moran ........................................... Mr. Dent Mr. Pastor ........................................... Mr. Diaz-Balart Ms. Pingree ........................................ Mr. Fleischmann Mr. Price ............................................. Mr. Fortenberry Mr. Quigley ......................................... Mr. Frelinghuysen Ms. Roybal-Allard ............................... Ms. Granger Mr. Ryan ............................................. Mr. Graves Mr. Schiff ........................................... Dr. Harris Mr. Serrano ......................................... Mr. Joyce Mr. Visclosky ...................................... Mr. Kingston Mr. Latham Mr. Nunnelee Mr. Owens Mr. Rogers Mr. Rooney Mr. Simpson Mr. Valadao Mr. Wolf Mr. Womack Mr. Yoder 
Pursuant to the provisions of clause 3(b) of rule XIII of the House of Representatives, the results of each roll call vote on an amendment or on the motion to report, to-gether with the names of those voting for and those voting against, are printed below: 
ROLL CALL NO . 1 Date: May 20, 2015 Measure: Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2016 Motion by: Mrs. Lowey Description of Motion: To allow the Attor-ney General to deny transfers of firearms to persons known or suspected to be engaged in conduct related to terrorism. Results: Defeated 19 yeas to 32 nays Members Voting Yea Members Voting Nay 
Ms. DeLauro ....................................... Mr. Aderholt Mr. Farr .............................................. Mr. Amodei Mr. Fattah .......................................... Mr. Bishop Mr. Honda ........................................... Mr. Calvert Mr. Israel ............................................ Mr. Carter Ms. Kaptur .......................................... Mr. Cole Mr. Kilmer ........................................... Mr. Crenshaw Ms. Lee ............................................... Mr. Cuellar Mrs. Lowey .......................................... Mr. Culberson Ms. McCollum ..................................... Mr. Dent Ms. Pingree ........................................ Mr. Diaz-Balart Mr. Price ............................................. Mr. Fleischmann Mr. Quigley ......................................... Mr. Fortenberry Ms. Roybal-Allard ............................... Mr. Frelinghuysen Mr. Ruppersberger .............................. Ms. Granger Mr. Ryan ............................................. Mr. Graves Mr. Serrano ......................................... Dr. Harris Mr. Visclosky ...................................... Ms. Herrera Beutler Ms. Wasserman Schultz ..................... Mr. Jenkins Mr. Jolly Mr. Joyce Mr. Palazzo Mr. Rigell Mrs. Roby Mr. Rogers Mr. Rooney Mr. Simpson Mr. Stewart Mr. Valadao Mr. Womack Mr. Yoder Mr. Young 
Pursuant to the provisions of clause 3(b) of rule XIII of the House of Representatives, the results of each roll call vote on an amendment or on the motion to report, to-gether with the names of those voting for and those voting against, are printed below: 
ROLL CALL NO . 2 Date: May 24, 2016 Measure: Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017 Motion by: Mrs. Lowey Description of Motion: To allow the Attor-ney General to deny transfers of firearms to persons known or suspected to be engaged in conduct related to terrorism. Results: Defeated 17 yeas to 29 nays 
Members Voting Yea Members Voting Nay 
Ms. DeLauro ....................................... Mr. Aderholt Mr. Farr .............................................. Mr. Amodei Mr. Honda ........................................... Mr. Bishop Mr. Israel ............................................ Mr. Calvert Ms. Kaptur .......................................... Mr. Carter Mr. Kilmer ........................................... Mr. Cole Mrs. Lowey .......................................... Mr. Crenshaw Ms. McCollum ..................................... Mr. Cuellar Ms. Pingree ........................................ Mr. Culberson Mr. Price ............................................. Mr. Dent Mr. Quigley ......................................... Mr. Diaz-Balart Ms. Roybal-Allard ............................... Mr. Fleischmann Mr. Ruppersberger .............................. Mr. Frelinghuysen Mr. Ryan ............................................. Mr. Graves Mr. Serrano ......................................... Dr. Harris Mr. Visclosky ...................................... Mr. Jenkins Ms. Wasserman Schultz ..................... Mr. Jolly Mr. Joyce Mr. Palazzo Mr. Rigell Mrs. Roby Mr. Rogers Mr. Rooney Mr. Simpson Mr. Stewart Mr. Valadao Mr. Womack Mr. Yoder Mr. Young 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on Fri-day, June 10, I missed Roll Call Votes 289 through 296 due to the necessity of my at-tending to representational duties on behalf of my congressional district. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On Roll Call 289 I would have voted Yes. (H.R. 5325—Legislative Branch Appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.009 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE936 June 16, 2016 
Act, 2017—Ellison of Minnesota Amendment No. 2) On Roll Call 290 I would have voted No. (H.R. 5325—Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017—Blackburn of Tennessee Amend-ment No. 6) On Roll Call 291 I would have voted Yes. (H.R. 5325—Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017—Takano of California Amendment No. 11) On Roll Call 292 I would have voted No. (H.R. 5325—Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017—Pearce of New Mexico Amend-ment No. 13) On Roll Call 293 I would have voted Yes. (H.R. 5325—Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017—On Motion to Recommit with In-structions) On Roll Call 294 I would have voted No. (H.R. 5325—Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017—On Passage) On Roll Call 295 I would have voted No. (H. Con. Res. 89—Expressing the sense of Con-gress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy (Scalise—Ways and Means) 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF PLEASANT HILL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Pleasant Hill, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA sponsored by the Arbor Day Foundation in cooperation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Pleasant Hill has met the core standards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA communities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner deliv-ers technical and financial resources to states, cities and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. When communities like Pleasant Hill are recognized it makes me proud to represent our great state in the United States Congress. I commend the City of Pleasant Hill and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating them on receiving this award and in wishing the city nothing but continued success. HONORING MR. KENNETH H. HOFMANN HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Kenneth Hofmann, owner of the Rancho Esquon Wildlife Area and wetlands steward par excellence, for his commitment to community development and wildlife preservation. Mr. Hofmann, a lifelong Californian, has spent most of the past three decades working to promote philanthropy, educational and artis-tic initiatives, and wildlife conservation. In 1990, Mr. Hofmann purchased Rancho Esquon, a sprawling agricultural property in Butte County, and began working to restore its natural habitat. Today, the ranch boasts over 900 acres of wetlands, is home to more than 20,000 trees and 173 species of birds, and serves as a valuable educational resource. Over 4,000 students have taken class field trips to Rancho Esquon, many of whom have returned to visit the site’s egg salvage facility. Today, to further expose and educate re-garding the importance of our wetlands, Mr. Hofmann is in the process of building the Pa-cific Flyway Center, a world-class museum and zoo facility in Suisun Marsh. The Center is dedicated to inspiring conservation of the Pacific Flyway, a critical migratory route stretching from Alaska to Patagonia. Every year, at least one billion birds migrate along the Flyway, and its importance to waterfowl populations cannot be overstated. Upon com-pletion, the Center will offer educational oppor-tunities for local students and citizens. Mr. Hofmann’s charitable organization, The Hofmann Family Foundation (HFF), has worked for over 20 years to help young people in need. In 1995, a $1 million donation from the HFF created the Concord Community Youth Center, which today provides edu-cational and athletic opportunities for 1,900 underprivileged young people. And in 2014, Mr. Hofmann donated funds to create the De La Salle Academy, a division of De La Salle High School dedicated to providing high-qual-ity education for boys whose financial cir-cumstances would otherwise prevent private schooling. By the end of 2016, the Academy will have 80 students enrolled in the fifth and sixth grades. Mr. Speaker, Kenneth Hofmann has dedi-cated his time and resources for nearly 40 years to enriching the lives of California’s young people and protecting its environment. Mr. Hofmann’s efforts have benefitted our community enormously, and it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
CONGRATULATING COLE WILLIAM M
CCLINTIC ON ACHIEVING THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA’S (BSA) TOP RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Cole William McClintic, of Hollister, Missouri, on his recent achievement of the Boy Scouts of America’s (BSA) top rank of Eagle Scout. The rank of Eagle Scout is the highest rank attainable in the Boy Scouts of America. It is the culmination of many years of hard work and dedication, requiring countless hours of service, training and learning. An extremely exclusive honor, especially when considering that less than two percent of the 112 million scouts since the BSA’s founding in 1910 have achieved the Eagle Scout distinction. Cole has been a member of the BSA since first grade, and has been involved ever since. He has held 5 elected positions across his years in the scouts, with roles ranging from troop historian, to quartermaster, to troop lead-er. Due to his impressive career as a scout, Cole is also a member of the Order of the Arrow, which is the BSA’s National Honor So-ciety, a group made up of those scouts deemed to truly embody the ideals that Boy Scouts strive to display. Mr. Speaker, by attaining the rank of Eagle Scout, Cole has set himself on the path to achieve future success, and I’m proud to count him among my constituents. His dedica-tion in completing the required benchmarks and community service requirements to reach the Eagle Scout rank are indicative of his abil-ity to accomplish whatever goals he sets his mind to. I wish Cole luck with all his future en-deavors, and urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on this momentous achievement. f 
SUPPORTING THE GOAL OF EN-SURING ALL HOLOCAUST VIC-TIMS LIVE WITH DIGNITY, COM-FORT AND SECURITY 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support for House Concurrent Resolution 129, which allows all Holocaust victims to live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years. I want to congratulate as well as urge the Federal Republic of Germany to continue to reaffirm its commitment to this goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the health and welfare needs of vul-nerable victims, including homecare and other medically prescribed needs. For over 45 years I have proudly served in the House of Representatives for one of the most diverse constituencies in our great coun-try. Among these wonderful people are a large number of Jewish people that have suffered and survived one of the worst crimes in the history of humanity. Despite severe health problems and burdened sometimes with pov-erty and limited income, these proud people continue to survive their nightmare and con-tinue to make major contributions to our com-munity and our country. The House of Representatives has on June 7, 2016 overwhelmingly passed this bill and now awaits the consideration in the other body. The German people are to be praised for supporting this Claims Conference and recog-nizing that the atrocities committed should never be forgotten. Much more has to be done 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.013 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE937 June 16, 2016 
and I want to thank the Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, The United Jewish Coun-cil, the UJA Federation of New York, and other social service organizations providing care across our own country. I applaud the Claims Conference for its tire-less advocacy on behalf of Holocaust sur-vivors worldwide in order to provide them with a small measure of justice and the funding necessary for them to live with dignity, com-fort, and security. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RANDY TAYLOR 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Randy Taylor who is retiring after more than thirty years of dedicated public service with the Lewisville Fire Department. Beginning his career in 1985, Mr. Taylor has served within the Lewisville Fire Department in multiple capacities. He is recognized as a dedicated firefighter and as a knowledgeable mentor to those who have been privileged to work with him. Captain Taylor has been an in-tegral part of the Lewisville Fire Department, and leaves a lasting legacy of excellence and leadership. Mr. Taylor began his career as a volunteer firefighter and was eventually hired full time by the department. After serving 8 years, he was promoted to driver and engineer. His commit-ment to the department never wavered and after twenty years he earned the rank of cap-tain. He has served at 5 of the 7 LFD stations and he retires as head of station four. He has been a positive influence on the firefighters he has worked with over the years and his serv-ice to the city of Lewisville will not soon be for-gotten. I am honored to represent Captain Taylor and the city of Lewisville in the U.S. House of Representatives. I salute Captain Taylor for his exemplary career and extend him my best wishes upon his retirement and future endeav-ors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE YMCA OF CAPE COD 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize YMCA Cape Cod on the joyous oc-casion of its 50th Anniversary. For generations, over ten thousand neigh-borhoods and local communities around the country have been enriched by the presence and services provided by the YMCA. The Y, as the YMCA is affectionately known, is a cen-ter from which community life has radiated for over 160 years. It serves not only as a health and fitness club but also as a place where neighbors gather and young people find valu-able mentors. This exceptional organization is recognized both nationally and internationally for its commitment to its mission of youth de-velopment, healthy living and social responsi-bility, while strengthening communities, and promoting lifelong wellness. The celebration of YMCA Cape Cod’s land-mark 50th anniversary gives us reason to re-flect on the far-reaching influence this center has had on the Cape Cod community. Since its incorporation in 1966 following a meeting of community members in Hyannis, YMCA Cape Cod has continued to grow and thrive, and the organization now proudly operates numerous successful facilities across Cape Cod. A high-light of YMCA Cape Cod is Camp Lyndon—a day camp that provides boating lessons, arts and crafts, family nights and countless other exciting summer activities for young people around Cape Cod to enjoy in an environment that encourages a spirit of adventure and cul-tivates core values of caring, honesty, respect and responsibility. Another standout program is the Teen Achievers Program, a mentorship program that encourages teens to pursue higher education opportunities. Additionally, it provides a range of essential services—from excellent childcare centers to organized youth sports year-round. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating YMCA Cape Cod, its en-thusiastic staff and dedicated volunteers on the celebration of 50 years of service to the Cape Cod Community. I look forward to see-ing all that this outstanding organization is going to accomplish in the next 50 years. f 
STAFFORD HIGH SCHOOL MOURNS THE LOSS OF COACH MICHAEL MESA 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Stafford High School head baseball coach Michael Mesa. At only 25 years old, Michael Mesa died un-expectedly on May 13, 2016. His death was unexpected and the cause is still unknown. Mesa was a Stafford High School 2008 grad-uate who in his senior year was an all-district catcher. Michael Mesa was a respected teach-er and coach, and will be sorely missed. He is survived by his fiance´e and a two year old son. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, we offer our condo-lences to the friends and family of Michael Mesa and the Stafford High School commu-nity. His leadership and dedication will be missed. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL ROGER L. M
CCREERY 
HON. CHRIS STEWART 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Colonel Roger L. McCreery, a close friend of mine, who has faithfully served the United States Army and the Tooele Army Depot for three years, and will now be relin-quishing command. It is my honor to recog-nize the many sacrifices and years of service Colonel McCreery has given to our great na-tion. I have had the opportunity to work with Colonel McCreery on a variety of issues and I have appreciated his openness and willing-ness to partner together to help the people of Utah. I offer my sincerest thanks for all those who serve at the Tooele Army Depot, and espe-cially those who have had the privilege to serve with Colonel McCreery. I understand the sacrifices our service men and women make on behalf of our nation. I am humbled by the work Colonel McCreery and these individuals do every day to protect not only my freedom but our nation’s freedom as well. Defending honor, duty, and country is the greatest accomplishment one can achieve in the U.S. Army. Colonel McCreery’s courage and dedication has helped make our armed forces the most respected in the world. f 
COMMEMORATING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW FOR CONVENING THE GREAT AND HOLY COUNCIL OF ORTHODOX CHURCHES 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the Orthodox Christian Churches, which make up the second largest Christian Church in the world, who will be gathering in a Holy and Great Council June 19–26. This is an extraordinary, historic mo-ment in time for Orthodox Christianity. For nearly 300 million Christians, many of whom live in the United States, this Council is of ex-traordinary historic significance. The adoption of the Nicene Creed in the year 325, a prayer that is recited in virtually every Christian Church in the world, remains the most well- known result of such a Council. Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew is con-vening this Great and Holy Council of Ortho-dox Churches around the world. The Ecumeni-cal Patriarch is the 269th direct successor of the ‘‘first-called’’ Apostle Andrew who estab-lished his Holy See in that region. Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew is a renowned person and is no stranger to America where he has been recognized many times for his note-worthy accomplishments. Many will recall that he brought about the world’s first statement by Muslim and Christian leaders denouncing the 9/11 attacks as an ‘‘anti-religious’’ act. Among other recognitions of great con-sequence, the U.S. Congress awarded the Ec-umenical Patriarch the Congressional Gold Medal in 1997. We welcome this gathering and congratulate our three million Orthodox Christians in America and the 300 million around the world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KYLEE MUYSKENS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kylee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.017 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE938 June 16, 2016 
Muyskens, of Panorama High School in Panora, Iowa. Kylee was recently honored for outstanding academic achievement at the Fourteenth Annual Governor’s Scholar Rec-ognition on May 1, 2016. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa high school was invited to se-lect a senior with the highest academic rank-ing. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who succeed in extra-curricular activities and com-munity endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Kylee Muyskens in the United States Congress. It is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to reach her goals. I invite my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Kylee on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE DURHAM FAIR ON THE CELEBRATION OF ITS CEN-TENNIAL ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to join the commu-nity of Durham, Connecticut as well as a host of surrounding communities in extending my heartfelt congratulations to the Durham Fair Association as they mark the 100th Anniver-sary of the Durham Fair, Connecticut’s largest agricultural fair and a cherished local legacy. Each year, on the last full weekend of Sep-tember, thousands converge on the historic Durham Fairgrounds for this wonderful cele-bration of Connecticut’s rich agricultural his-tory. Before the gates open each day, the na-tional anthem is sung; down in the Cow Pal-ace and Animal Buildings, farms from across the state showcase a variety of animals in-cluding beef and dairy cattle, horses, llamas, pigs, rabbits, chickens, goats, and sheep; in the Commercial Building the vendors offer ev-erything from farm equipment to vacuum cleaners; and in the Crafts Tent you can enjoy the works of local artists selling wares from handmade pottery, clothing, and jewelry to some of the world’s best fudge. Art, baking, canning, crafts & collections, needlework and photography—there is no shortage of categories for the skills of adults and youth showcased throughout the ‘‘Best in Show’’ exhibits. Entries from quilts and wood-working to jams, pies and cakes, as well as pumpkin carving are on display competing for the coveted blue ribbon awards. Each extraor-dinary exhibit harkens back to the heritage and hallmarks of a true country fair. And you cannot miss the Farm Museum where their vast collection of antique farm equipment and collectibles will transport you back to the days of hand-cranked tractors, blacksmiths, and pot-bellied stoves. The Mid-way offers a variety of classic amusement rides and games and on the four different stages throughout the fairgrounds, musical en-tertainment from favorite local bands to major headliners comes with your admission ticket. And, of course, there are also the annual fa-vorites—the tractor pull and demolition derby. It is nothing short of an extraordinary experi-ence. Of course, one cannot talk about the Dur-ham Fair without mentioning the incredible va-riety of food one can enjoy throughout the fair-grounds. And while there are private vendors that contract with the Fair, much of the fare of-fered is from local nonprofit organizations that the Association has opened the Fair to over the years. Ears of corn-on-the-cob, corn muf-fins, and popcorn are available from the PTA of Lyman Elementary School; the Coginchaug Benchwarmers have burgers and hotdogs; the Middlefield Lions have sausage and pepper grinders and fantastic donuts on their menu; the Portland Fire Department offers up the Fair’s best french fries; Lime Rickeys are on tap at the Durham United Churches booth; and the Middletown Elks always have an ex-tensive menu—and those are just a sampling of the more than two dozen local non-profits that participate in this event every year. The Durham Fair Association takes great pride in distributing profits from the fair back to the community through scholarships and sup-port of numerous projects and events. In fact, proceeds from the Durham Fair have allowed the Association to award over $500,000 in academic scholarships, make more than $50,000 in charitable donations, and assist in community projects such as fencing and main-taining the Old Cemetery, help with the repairs to the Durham Library and contribute to other library building projects, and purchase the Durham Fire Company’s first Jaws of Life. Over its 100-year history, what began as a single-day event has grown into a four-day celebration of agriculture past and present. What makes the Durham Fair particularly unique is that it remains a completely volun-teer-run event—a testament to the special place it holds in the hearts of community members in Durham and neighboring commu-nities. The Durham Fair is a local legacy that contributes to the enrichment of the Durham community in countless ways. Today, as they mark their centennial anniversary, I am proud to stand and extend my heartfelt congratula-tions and very best wishes for another century of continued success. 
f 
HONORING MRS. MARILYN D. ADAMS-COX 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable history maker, Mrs. Marilyn D. Adams-Cox, a resident of Cleveland, Mississippi. Mrs. Adams-Cox is the daughter of Ms. Min-nie Adams-Moore, and her paternal grand-parents are the late Jack and Savannah Carlize, Sr. Mrs. Adams-Cox was born into a history making lineage. Her paternal grand-parents had no problem being the first African Americans in the City of Cleveland, Mississippi to become prosperous entrepreneurs with nu-merous businesses, and her paternal grand-mother being one of the first Bolivar County Head Start teachers. Mrs. Adams-Cox saw the work ethic in her mother and parental grandparents and know-ing that they did not allow anything to stop them from pursuing their life objectives as they demonstrated to family members that all things are possible if you believe in God. She was fortunate to attend school in the Cleveland School District where Mrs. Minnie Evans and Mr. Nathan Tharp, who were teachers at B.L. Bell Elementary, had a pro-found impression on her when they taught on the importance and power of voting. When she attended Eastwood Junior High, the prin-cipal, Mr. Walter Robinson, instilled in her the importance of getting an education by con-stantly enforcing his motto: ‘‘You can always learn something.’’ Upon entering East Side High School she was met with a powerful gov-ernment class educator, Mr. Ned Tolliver who stresses the importance of knowing how gov-ernment works and how one’s vote has influ-ence. During her senior year of high school she registered to vote and has casted her vote in every election. After high school she at-tended Alcorn State University and met others who had a positive influence in her life. Due to the strong motivators in her life, her goal early in her youth was to be an asset in society. In 1993 she was blessed with a posi-tion with the City of Cleveland, and after three years of employment became the first African American Manager/Director of the Water De-partment which serves over 6,000 water cus-tomers. The City of Cleveland was chartered in 1886 and after 110 years in existence she made history and carried on her family lin-eage. Furthermore, she is always willing to do the unthinkable to ensure that each and every life she touched would be touched in a positive way. Mrs. Cox is active in civic and social or-ganizations and has received numerous awards. Mrs. Adams-Cox is married to Michael Cox and they have one daughter, Elisha, in whom she has instilled the importance of getting an education and making sure she understands the power and influence within her vote. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Marilyn Adams-Cox, an amazing history maker in serving others. f 
SEVEN LAKES HIGH SCHOOL’S ALEX PRATT WINS SECOND PLACE IN STATE ESSAY CON-TEST 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Seven Lakes High School senior Alex Pratt for winning second place in our state essay contest. In addition to playing football and running track for his school, Alex received the second- place award in the editorial contest of the an-nual Law Day competition. This contest is sponsored by the State Bar of Texas. The theme of the state essay contest derived from the 50th anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court case, Miranda v. Arizona. His essay ti-tled, ‘‘Miranda: More Than Words: How the Sins of the Past Have Shaped a Better Present’’, explores the procedural protections 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.023 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE939 June 16, 2016 
granted to everyone by the U.S. Constitution. The competition was open to all state bar as-sociations, that selected local winners in each of three competition categories. The Katy Bar Association chose Alex’s composition for its editorial submission. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Alex Pratt for winning second place in the annual Law Day competition. Thank you for bringing this prestigious honor to Seven Lakes High School. We expect more great things from Alex in the future. 
f 
HISTORIC MEETING OF ORTHODOX CHRISTIANS 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the events taking place on the Greek is-land of Crete, where Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew of Constantinople has called a historic meeting of Orthodox Christian Church-es. This meeting, known as the Holy and Great Council, is the first of its kind in over a millen-nium. The fourteen Orthodox Christian Churches together have over 300 million fol-lowers around the world, including over a mil-lion Americans. These churches are self-gov-erning but united by common dogma, faith, lit-urgy, and moral conviction, with the Ecumeni-cal Patriarch serving as the ‘‘first among equals.’’ Three hundred and fifty leaders will attend this meeting, which is set to begin on Sunday and continue through June 26. They will dis-cuss key issues facing Orthodox Christians, including the church’s mission in today’s world, the Orthodox diaspora, and relations with other Christian churches. Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew was elected in October 1991 as the 270th Arch-bishop of his 2000-year-old Church. He holds numerous doctorates, including from George-town and Yale, and was awarded a Gold Medal by Congress in 1997. The Patriarch has a record of reaching out and working for peace and reconciliation among all faiths and has fostered dialogue among Christians, Jews, and Muslims. After the September 11, 2001 attacks, the Patriarch organized a gathering of religious leaders in-cluding Muslim Imams to condemn the attacks as an anti-religious act. Mr. Speaker, the over one million Orthodox Christians in the United States represent di-verse backgrounds and cultures. I join them in celebrating this historic meeting. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF JOHNSTON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Johnston, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA sponsored by the Arbor Day Foundation in co-operation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Johnston has met the core standards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA communities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner deliv-ers technical and financial resources to states, cities and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. When communities like Johnston are recognized it makes me proud to represent our great state in the United States Congress. I commend the City of Johnston and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating them on this award and in wishing the city nothing but continued success. f 
CONGRATULATING FAITH WEN ON BEING NAMED A MEMBER OF THE 52ND CLASS OF THE U.S. PRESIDENTIAL SCHOLARS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Faith Wen, of Strafford, Missouri, for recently being named a member of the 52nd Class of the U.S. Presidential Scholars. The U.S. Presidential Scholars program was established in 1964 with the intent of honoring the top high school graduates in the nation. It is an extremely prestigious award that is only granted to 161 graduating seniors, who are considered for admittance based on their prov-en track record of academic excellence. Appli-cations to the Presidential Scholars program are by invite only, as applicants are either nominated by earning exceptional standard-ized test scores or by being specifically nomi-nated by a Chief State School Officer. Faith had to pass a rigorous selection proc-ess on her way to receiving this honor. As one of 4,000 initial candidates from over 3.3 million graduating seniors, Faith had already distin-guished herself as a high achieving student. By being selected as one of 800 semifinalists, and then finally as one of the 161 award re-cipients, Faith has proven to be worthy of one of the highest academic honors attainable by a high school student. Mr. Speaker, Faith Wen has earned the honor of being a U.S. Presidential Scholar through a combination of tireless effort, dedi-cation to her studies and impressive intel-ligence. I’m proud to count such a remarkable young woman among my constituents. On be-half of Missouri’s Seventh Congressional Dis-trict, I urge my colleagues to join me in ex-tending congratulations to Faith, and wishing her luck in all her future endeavors. RECOGNIZING COLONEL PAUL BALASH III HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor DLA Distribution San Joaquin Deputy Director Colonel Paul Balash III on his retirement. I would also like to per-sonally thank him for his many years of pro-found service to our Country and to San Joa-quin County. Colonel Balash was born on May 19, 1948 in Fremont, California. After obtaining his de-gree from San Diego State University, he at-tended the Marine Corps War College and the National Defense University. Col. Balash dedi-cated 34 years of service to the Marine Corps, beginning as a Private and retiring at the rank of Colonel. His outstanding leadership allowed him to serve as a logistician, strategic military planner, and a national security specialist. Throughout his time in service he was in-volved in over 50 studies, analyses, and gam-ing events aiding the Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff and Secretary of Defense. Events under his supervision included the Com-prehensive Material Response Plan, DLA and USTC efforts for material positional, distribu-tion for a national defense strategy, and PRIME CHALLENGE III. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending Colonel Paul Balash for his serv-ice and dedication to our great country. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO TOM SNYDER FOR HIS 9 YEARS OF OUT-STANDING SERVICE AS PRESI-DENT OF IVY TECH COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tom Snyder on the occa-sion of his retirement from Ivy Tech Commu-nity College. For the past nine years, Tom has devoted his life to providing an exceptional educational experience to the students of Ivy Tech. Ivy Tech flourished immensely under Tom’s strong leadership, and the Hoosier community is forever grateful for his dedication to our state and country’s future leaders. Tom has demonstrated a lifetime passion for serving his community and country. As a lifelong resident of Anderson, Indiana, Tom graduated St. Mary’s High School. He at-tended Kettering University in Flint, Michigan, formerly known as General Motors Institute, and graduated in 1967 with a degree in me-chanical engineering. He later earned a mas-ter’s degree in business administration from Indiana University after having served as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force for 6 years. He applied his passion for learning and education to his service in the Air Force, working in research and development at various locations such as Vandenberg and Andrews Air Force Bases as well as the Pen-tagon. Before serving as President of Ivy Tech, Tom worked as a business executive in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.026 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE940 June 16, 2016 
engineering sector. He was CEO of Anderson- based auto-parts maker Remy International Inc., which in 1994 spun off from General Mo-tors Corp., where he’d spent the previous 20 years. Tom became President of Ivy Tech in 2007, right as our country was headed into the Great Recession of 2008. Though he did not have a long history in the higher education world, Tom was uniquely qualified for the job as his years of leading manufacturing compa-nies gave him a pronounced understanding of the critical importance of preparing a trained workforce for the Hoosier economy. Under Tom’s leadership, Ivy Tech Commu-nity College grew exponentially, both in stu-dent enrollment and programming. Ivy Tech, which serves more than 175,000 students an-nually at 32 campuses across Indiana, is now the largest institution of higher education in In-diana and the nation’s largest singly-accred-ited statewide community college system. Throughout his tenure as President, Tom re-defined the educational experience provided at Ivy Tech. He reengineered and enhanced the college experience by implementing numerous program expansions and initiatives allowing for more educational pathways for students. Ivy Tech’s duel credit program, which allows stu-dents to get a jump start on college by earning college credits while still in high school, has vastly grown under his guidance, increasing from 8,000 dual credit enrollments to over 50,000 enrolled today. Tom was able to fully develop new pathways for higher education for students including transfer credits between Ivy Tech and many four-year institutions. The number of students transferring from Ivy Tech Community College to public institutions in In-diana increased by 165 percent, equating to about 13,000 students per year. Tom’s wife, Bobbette, who is also a proud Anderson native, shares Tom’s passion for education. She served as Executive Director of the Leadership Academy of Madison Coun-ty for more than 22 years until she retired in 2014. She’s also served as Co-Chair of the Circle of Ivy, a women’s philanthropy circle at Ivy Tech aimed at cultivating and celebrating women as philanthropists and has been hugely influential in ensuring the program’s success. Tom and Bobbette display a clear dedication and love for the entire Hoosier community, especially their hometown of An-derson. They have been instrumental in pro-viding excellence in education for decades and in doing so have positively impacted the lives of countless Hoosiers. Tom’s success as a leader and astonishing dedication to higher education in Indiana has not gone unnoticed. He’s received numerous awards, most notably the prestigious Saga-more of the Wabash from Governor Mike Pence (2016), Orr-O’Bannon Lifetime Achieve-ment Award from the Indiana Economic Devel-opment Association (2014), Outstanding Achievement Award from The Greater Indian-apolis Branch NAACP 3053 (2014), and was selected as a 2015 Champion of Diversity by Indiana Minority Business Magazine. He’s en-gaged with non-profits and is a member of the Tocqueville Society of United Way, was se-lected to serve on numerous educational boards including the Community College Advi-sory Panel, Midwestern Higher Education Compact, the Indiana Career Council, and Academic Advisory Council, as well as boards focused on the growth of the community and manufacturing workforce such as Conexus, Energy Systems Network, Manufacturing Skill Standards Council, Auto Communities Net-work, Enerl, Rebuilding America’s Middle Class, Central Indiana Corporate Partnership, Lightweight Innovations for Tomorrow, and the National Workforce Solutions Advisory Board. Additionally, he’s a member of the Executive Committee for the Indiana State Chamber, the Executive Council of the Saint Theodore Guerin High School in Noblesville, the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, and serves on the board of the Paramount Theater in Anderson. In 2008, the Manufacturing Insti-tute selected Tom to serve on their Education Council, the first-ever national education coun-cil focused on expanding and enhancing the manufacturing workforce, and most recently in 2015, he was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve on the College Promise Advi-sory Board, which is a coalition focused on promoting ideas for free community college. I had the pleasure of working with Tom when I served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel for Ivy Tech from 2007 to 2012. His leadership and passion for helping others succeed was truly inspirational and I feel fortunate to call him a dear friend. Tom has left a lasting impact on the lives of stu-dents, faculty, and the Ivy Tech community. He and Bobbette have made a remarkable im-pression throughout the state of Indiana and left a legacy of success that will be built upon for years to come. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District, I’d like to congratulate Tom on his notable career and extend a huge thank you for all the wonderful contributions he has made to the Hoosier community. I wish the very best to Tom, Bobbette, their four chil-dren, and ten grandchildren the best as they begin their next adventure in our community they have worked so hard to make a wonder-ful place. 
f 
JEAN SHELLEDY NOMINATED AS THE WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jean Shelledy of Missouri City, Texas for being nominated as the 2016 Woman of the Year by The Woman’s Club of Missouri City. The Woman’s Club of Missouri City is the oldest social and civil club in the city, serving the community for the past 60 years. Among the WCMC charitable donation recipients are the Butterfield Education Foundation, Histor-ical Dew House, Habitat for Humanity, Friends of the Missouri City Animal Shelter and annual legacy scholarship awards to Missouri City high school graduates. For almost a decade, Jean has been dedicated to the compas-sionate and community-driven mission of the WCMC. Proving herself time and time again, Jean has now served as the organization’s president for the past two years and has con-tributed to the success of The Woman’s Club of Missouri City. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jean Shelledy for being recognized as The Woman’s Club of Missouri City’s 2016 Woman of the Year. We thank her for her continued dedication and support of the community and are confident her contributions to Missouri City will continue. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HANNAH B.G. SHAW HOME 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 75th anniversary of the Han-nah B.G. Shaw Home and in appreciation of its work in establishing a permanent home to benefit seniors who are in need of assistance. It is because of the generous donations of Hannah B.G. Shaw that this beautiful home was established. Hannah Shaw dedicated her life to philanthropic work, most notably leaving 55 acres of land and a sum of money to open the Shaw Home in 1941. This beautiful facility has been recognized as one of the top twenty- five facilities in the nation by the US News and World Report and as second in the state by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health customer satisfaction surveys. In its 75 year history, the implementation of Hannah Shaw’s vision has grown. Since open-ing in 1941, the Shaw Home has had five major renovations which have expanded resi-dential spaces, modernized wellness facilities, and added a state-of-the-art rehabilitation gym and cafe´. Today, the Shaw Home houses a forty bed residential care facility along with a sixty- seven bed skilled nursing facility, fulfilling Han-nah’s goal of giving senior citizens of Massa-chusetts the ability to continue to maintain the highest quality of life. Through events such as Sports Day and luaus in celebration of Na-tional Nursing Homes Week, creation of care packages for troops overseas, and a ‘‘Rhythms of Life’’ concert by Hannah’s Cho-rus, residents of the Shaw Home are able to enjoy their golden years in a loving community that goes beyond the standards of clinical care. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in honoring the Hannah B.G. Shaw Home as it celebrates this milestone. The 75th Anniver-sary of the Shaw Home provides us with an opportunity to reflect on the significance of maintaining the quality of life for the elderly in the United States. May the Shaw Home con-tinue to provide exemplary care and remain a pillar of the community in the next 75 years. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROLAND AND VIRLANE ROTHFUS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Virlane and Roland Rothfus of Carlisle, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 4, 1966. It is always inspiring to hear of a marriage spanning five decades, especially when you contemplate everything those years have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.031 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE941 June 16, 2016 
seen, all of the changes in every facet of pub-lic and private life, yet that commitment re-mains. Virlane and Roland’s lifelong commit-ment to each other and their family truly em-bodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cher-ish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DANNY THOMAS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Fire Chief Danny Thomas who is retir-ing after 34 years of public service within the town of Trophy Club. The town has benefited immeasurably from his unfaltering dedication, unfailing commitment, and unwavering devo-tion to the residents he served. Chief Thomas has served in several different capacities and played an integral role in the growth of the Trophy Club Fire Department. Chief Thomas began his career in 1982 as a volunteer firefighter. In 1999 he was hired as a lieutenant and within one month rose to the rank of captain. In 2006 he was promoted to chief and has proudly served the Trophy Club community ever since. Along with his pro-motion to fire chief he became the emergency management coordinator and fire marshal for the town. Chief Thomas had a vision of growth and safety for this small community and has stayed true to that vision from the beginning. When Chief Thomas began his career Tro-phy Club only had a volunteer fire department. Today, it is a full time department providing emergency medical and fire rescue services; boasting 16 full-time employees and four vol-unteers. Much of the significant expansion and the many improvements the fire station has seen can be attributed to Chief Thomas. He oversaw the construction of MUD 1 Fire Sta-tion in 2011 and implemented the Citizens Fire Academy and Citizens Emergency Response Team. Chief Thomas brought professional in-sight and wisdom to his team. His legacy will not be forgotten and his service will have a lasting impact within the department, as well as the Trophy Club community. As Chief Thomas retires, he is highly es-teemed by his colleagues and the community he has served for over 30 years. It is my privi-lege to honor such an outstanding citizen and to serve the town of Trophy Club in the U.S. House of Representatives. RECOGNIZING THE HOLY AND GREAT COUNCIL HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Holy and Great Council of the Orthodox Church. Christianity and Orthodox Christianity, in particular, have suffered greatly in recent years. This negative development is the result of the Islamic fanaticism perpetuated by the Islamic State and other terror groups using the war in Syria as an excuse to ‘‘ethnically cleanse’’ Orthodox Christians from their vil-lages. One such horror was the international broadcast of Islamic State members simulta-neously beheading twenty-one Egyptians be-cause they would not convert to Islam when ordered to denounce their Coptic Orthodox Christian faith. Several Orthodox Christian Churches from around the world will gather in what is called a Great and Holy Council for the first time in over 1,000 years. The focus of the Council will be internal activities of the various Orthodox Churches; the current crisis for Christians in the Middle East is also a danger for so many Orthodox Christians and should not go unobserved at this history meeting. All Christians and all men and women of faith and peace should focus on this Great and Holy Council and the individual who con-vened the various hierarchs, Ecumenical Patri-arch Bartholomew. He possibly more than any other Christian leader understands the Muslim world; during his life he has seen Muslim cru-elty toward Christians, which has greatly di-minished the number of Christians in the Re-public of Turkey. The Ecumenical Patriarch experienced the 1955 pogrom carried out against the large Greek Orthodox community in Turkey. The po-grom resulted in many unnecessary Greek deaths and the destruction of thousands of Greek Orthodox businesses, homes, and cemeteries. Thousands upon thousands of Greeks fled the country in the aftermath. The Greek Orthodox community in Turkey has been reduced to a fraction of what it once was, yet in light of such violence, the confisca-tion of thousands of Ecumenical Patriarchal properties, and restrictions of religious free-dom of the Ecumenical Patriarch, His All-Holi-ness has found ways to cooperate and work constructively with the Muslim majority in his homeland of Turkey. The Ecumenical Patri-arch has much to bring to the table regarding today’s crisis for Christians in Muslim majority countries. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLONEL VICTOR GABRIEL GARCIA 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to commend Colonel Victor Gabriel Garcia, Information Operations Chief for CENTCOM, for his work combatting the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). In the last two years, ISIL has developed and im-plemented never before seen tactics by using social media to recruit foreign fighters and the internet to propagate and instill fear. With the emergence of this continually evolving threat, Colonel Garcia has overhauled and expanded the CENTCOM J39 directorate to counter ISIL’s internet propaganda machine. Currently, he is spearheading an effort for the Department of Defense to train and equip a joint force capable of addressing emerging terrorist threats on the internet and social media. They plan to develop a permanent and suitable solution to incorporate the policy, per-sonnel, training, and facilities for all military commanders across the Department of De-fense to better understand the tactics of ISIL as well as engage and influence their target audience. Additionally, Colonel Garcia and his team are in the process of developing a Web Oper-ations Center for the Department of Defense. For the first time, the Department of Defense plans to have a centralized location where hostile internet activity can be monitored and addressed accordingly. This will provide an early warning system to assist military com-manders with a variety of operations and allow them to react quickly, possibly saving the lives of our troops. I am grateful for Colonel Garcia’s admirable service and dedication in developing counter-measures against ISIL. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHAREF AL NAJJAR FOR HIS EXTRAORDINARY CON-TRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEOPLE OF THE 18TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is no exaggeration to say that the past several years have been among the most challenging in our nation’s history. The collapse of the housing market, the turmoil on Wall Street and the ensuing financial crisis, the severe eco-nomic downturn of 2008 which saw the loss of millions of middle-class jobs, and the ever present threat of terrorist attacks on our home-land are enough to make many question whether the American Dream is still attainable and to conclude that our best days are behind us. I do not share this view. The future of our country is bright and I firmly believe that our best days lay ahead. One of the reasons I am so optimistic that the 21st century will be known as the second ‘‘American Century’’ is the extraordinary quality, talent, commitment, and energy of the young people who will in time assume the responsibility of leadership. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress we know well, perhaps better than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local commu-nities, states, and the nation in the areas of business, education, government, philan-thropy, the arts and culture, and the military. We know this because we see them and benefit from their contributions every day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.034 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE942 June 16, 2016 
Many of them work for us in our offices as jun-ior staff members, congressional fellows, or in-terns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. I rise today to pay tribute and bid fond fare-well to Sharef Al Najjar, an exceptional young man who has done incredible work in my of-fice in service to my constituents in the Eight-eenth Congressional District of Texas. Sharef’s, who joined my team in 2011, will be relocating to Atlanta, Georgia with his fiance ´e, Gillian Robinson, where they will both pursue graduate studies at Emory University’s Goizueta Business School. From the moment he joined my staff, Sharef’s talents and aptitude for logistics, in-formation technology, project management, and administration were apparent for all to ob-serve. These gifts, combined with Sharers winning personality and cooperative spirit made him an invaluable teammate, mentor, and valued friend to his colleagues, who all will miss his good cheer and Zen but wish him and Gillian well in their future endeavors, which I am confident will include continued service in furtherance of the public interest. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I sought public of-fice. I was inspired to serve by President Ken-nedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. . . . You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ By this measure, there are many other great young men and women who served as volun-teers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constitu-ents we serve are deeply appreciated. Mr. Speaker, the energy, intelligence, and idealism of young people like Sharef Al Najjar, and those working in the offices of my col-leagues, help keep our democracy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowledge of the gov-ernmental process they gain from their experi-ences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about making their mark in this world. Because of persons like Sharef Al Najjar and Gillian Robinson the future of our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them well. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such thoughtful committed young men and women like Sharef Al Najjar and Gillian Robinson can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in Amer-ica. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. 
f 
CONGRATULATING EDEN PRAIRIE SYNCHRONIZED SWIMMING CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the members of the Eden Prairie Girls’ Synchronized Swimming Team, who re-cently won the Minnesota High School State Championship. The Eagles triumphed at Friday’s state meet, where two Eden Prairie routines—short trio team and long team—were rewarded first- place finishes. It was a close competition, but Eden Prairie’s excellent figure scores put them over the edge to secure both wins. This Eden Prairie team was determined to defy odds from the start of the season. They competed in a number of close battles this spring, including one against Hopkins High School where they won by 0.02 points. They ended the season with a strong stroke to bring home a championship for the school and for the community. Mr. Speaker, this synchronized swimming team is fortunate to have so many talented members who have worked hard to get to this point. But even more than that, we commend these student athletes for living up to their ob-ligations in both the classroom and in our community. Congratulations again to the athletes, coaches, families, and fans of the Eden Prairie High School Synchronized Swimming Team. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF GLENWOOD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Glenwood, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA sponsored by the Arbor Day Foundation in co-operation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Glenwood has met the core standards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA communities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner deliv-ers technical and financial resources to states, cities and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. When communities like Glenwood are recognized it makes me proud to represent our great state in the United States Congress. Mr. Speaker, I commend the City of Glen-wood and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in con-gratulating them for receiving this award and wishing them nothing but continued success. HONORING RYAN GATTERMEIR ON BEING NAMED PRESIDENT OF THE MISSOURI ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ryan Gattermeir, who has recently been named President of the Missouri Asso-ciation of REALTORS. The president serves as a part of the 5- member leadership council for the Missouri Association of REALTORS, which is an advo-cacy group representing the interests of real-tors in our state. The president serves on a volunteer basis for a one year term, and is a role that is instrumental in the day-to-day op-erations and policy goals of the organization. Ryan has long been an influential force in the Missouri real estate community. Growing up as the son of a realtor, he has been im-mersed in the industry since he was young. After graduating from Westminster College in 1996, he went to work with his father’s real estate business. Eight years later, he struck out on his own and was met with great suc-cess. In addition to his thriving real estate business, Ryan is on the Board of Directors for the National Association of REALTORS, as well as chairing five committees in the local Missouri chapter. Mr. Speaker, Ryan Gattermeir has built a long and successful career in the real estate industry, and has proven to be a capable lead-er among his peers. I’m confident that he will represent the realtors of Missouri to the very best of his ability and will spare no effort in advocating on their behalf. I urge my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Ryan on his appointment, and wish him luck over his term as president. 
f 
HONORING MR. PAUL SCHAPIRO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Paul Schapiro, who passed away on June 3, 2016, after 58 remarkable years. Paul left an indelible mark on our Napa Val-ley community with his friendly demeanor and profound generosity. He volunteered his time for civic causes with the American Canyon Lions Club, and was a leader in the local Democratic community, serving as Treasurer for the Napa County Democratic Central Com-mittee. He was an outspoken activist and reg-ularly attended peace vigils to bring aware-ness to causes close to his heart. Paul’s dedication to bringing about meaning-ful change in our society set an impressive ex-ample that we should all strive to emulate. A passionate proponent of sustainability, Paul rode his bike to work every day, eventually winning the Napa County Bicycle Coalition’s Bicycle Commuter of the Year Award in 2014. Impressively, his bike had more mileage on it than his car. Those close to Paul agree he was a joy to be around and had a welcoming and gentle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.038 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE943 June 16, 2016 
nature. Paul loved baseball and as a native New Yorker, he cheered for the New York Mets, and for his adopted home team, the San Francisco Giants. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Schapiro led by example when it came to making a difference in our community, and in doing so, he inspired oth-ers to do the same. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor Paul Schapiro here today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-NIVERSARY OF SAINT CON-STANCE CATHOLIC CHURCH 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MIGHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Saint Constance Catholic Church on their 50th anniversary. The accomplishments of this long-standing institution exemplify the importance and strength of community, fellow-ship, and service. Founded in 1966 by father Emil Dussia, Saint Constance Catholic Church came from humble beginnings. Weekday mass was held at the homes of its parishioners and weekend mass at a middle school on William Street. Ground was broken on the new Kinyon Street church that same year, and in 1967 the Arch-bishop of Detroit, Cardinal Dearden, dedicated the building. Soon after the official opening, church lead-ers and parish volunteers began work on the building and grounds. With a permanent place of worship ready for service, St. Constance Catholic Church continued to build its parish and welcome new members to their organiza-tion. In the 50 years since its founding, there are now 1150 families that are registered as members of the parish, demonstrating the sig-nificance of the church within the Taylor com-munity. The parish community of St. Constance Catholic Church provides much-needed serv-ices to the Taylor community, including finan-cial assistance for parishioners facing eco-nomic hardship, alcoholics and narcotics anonymous support groups, and various com-munity service projects. In the spirit of faith and fellowship, Saint Constance Catholic Church has held itself to the highest standard to ensure that local residents would always have somewhere to turn during both good times and bad. As a sanctuary of spiritual and social support, it has served as a pillar of the local community for half a century and will continue to do so for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Saint Constance Catholic Church on their 50th anniversary and wish them many more years of faith, fellowship, and success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SUMMER HALL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Summer Hall of Milo, Iowa for recognition as a Dele-gate at the Congress of Future Medical Lead-ers, sponsored by The National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Summer is one of six State of Iowa honor stu-dents selected to attend. Summer is an exceptional student, high- achieving in academics and all-around service. This Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program for high school stu-dents who will seek to become physicians or enter the medical research field. The Con-gress of Future Medical Leaders honors, in-spires and motivates high school students like Summer Hall as a luminary in the advanced study of medicine. Summer Hall is a student at Southeast War-ren High School in Liberty Center, Iowa. She was nominated by school officials and The National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists because of academic excel-lence and civic-minded responsibilities. Summer makes a difference by serving oth-ers. It is with great honor that I recognize her today. I know that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in honoring her accomplishments. Summer Hall will obtain the goals and dreams of many medical profes-sionals. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, if I were present I would have voted yes on roll call number 297 to H.R. 4939. 
f 
JAMES WATSON JR.—KATY’S SENIOR CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate James Watson Jr. for being named Katy’s ‘Senior Citizen of the Year’ by a unanimous vote from the advisory board for the W.D and Argie Lee Fussell Senior Citizens Center. This award is given by the city of Katy to an older American in recognition of their contribu-tions and positive impact on the community. James works as a pharmacist in the city of Katy with his wife, Joan, and has no plans to retire anytime soon because he still enjoys the job. James was born in Katy, attended schools there, and even met his wife in Katy, Texas. He left for a brief period to earn his Bachelor of Science degree in pharmacy from the Uni-versity of Texas at Austin. James follows in the footsteps of his mother who won the very same award 21 years ago. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to James Watson Jr. for being named Katy’s ‘Senior Citizen of the Year.’ Keep up the great work. HONORING KELLY M. DARDEN, JR. HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Assistant Special Agent in Charge (ASAC) Kelly M. Darden, Jr. as he retires after 32 years of service to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ASAC Darden has devoted his career to protecting the citizens of the United States, working in various capacities within the Bu-reau, and tirelessly contributing to our nation’s most critical intelligence and security pro-grams. ASAC Darden has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to serving the Amer-ican public and most recently, our South Flor-ida community as the Assistant Special Agent in Charge within the Miami Division of the FBI. It is with great pleasure that I thank ASAC Darden for his dedication to South Florida and our nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO O’LEARY FUNERAL & CREMATION SERVICES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize O’Leary Funeral & Crema-tion of Norwalk, Iowa for being honored with the Award of Excellence in Funeral Service at the 136th annual Iowa Funeral Directors Asso-ciation Convention. Though they have only been in operation since 2014, owner Eric O’Leary and the O’Leary Funeral & Cremation staff brings years of experience to serve the Norwalk com-munity, assisting families in saying goodbye to their loved ones with the utmost respect and dignity. The Award of Excellence was established to recognize the importance of funeral directors playing an active role in their communities and promoting their profession through those rela-tionships. The award requires a funeral home to excel in four of the following five areas: presentation of public information, active mem-bership in the state association, sponsorship of community events or services, professional development, and personal development. Founded in 1880, the Iowa Funeral Direc-tors Association represents over 700 licensed funeral directors and 413 funeral homes in Iowa, providing members with leadership, di-rection and resources for providing the best care and services to families with pre-planning arrangements. I commend Eric O’Leary and the O’Leary Funeral & Cremation staff for their award, and the service and care they provide for the resi-dents of the Norwalk area. I urge my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in congratulating O’Leary Funeral & Cremation for winning the Award of Excel-lence in Funeral Service. I wish them nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.042 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE944 June 16, 2016 
HONORING PRUTHVI PATEL ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE SCIENTISTS AND TECH-NOLOGISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCI-ENTISTS AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pruthvi Patel, of Springfield, Missouri, who has been accepted by the National Acad-emy of Future Scientists and Technologists as a delegate to the Congress of Future Sci-entists and Technology Leaders. The Congress of Future Science and Tech-nology Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top stu-dents in the United States. It is specifically for students who aspire to be scientists, engi-neers and technologists, and helps to provide a path and mentorship for students to accom-plish those dreams. It takes place in the Uni-versity of Massachusetts over 3 days, and helps to spark meaningful dialogues and ex-changes of ideas between future leaders in the fields of science and technology. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants must be recommended by ei-ther a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Students must have a minimum of a 3.5 GPA and represent all 50 states and Puerto Rico. It is an incredibly selective oppor-tunity, and those students who qualify for se-lection have done so because of their hard work and diligence to their studies, not to mention their impressive intellect. Mr. Speaker, Pruthvi Patel, who attends Greenwood Laboratory School, has shown that he excels in his studies, and has dem-onstrated a passion for a career in science. He will soon be representing the future of the state of Missouri at this conference, and I have the utmost confidence that he will do an excellent job. On behalf of Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him for this achieve-ment and wish him luck in all his future en-deavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF CHARLES P. CLARK 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of one of my constituents, Charles P. Clark, a World War II veteran and a beloved member of the Purcellville commu-nity. Mr. Clark passed away on May 31st, 2016, at the age of 108 years old. He was born in Hamilton, Virginia in 1907 to a tightknit family, and remained in his hometown until he went on to complete his military training at Ft. Lee, Virginia, in 1944. Mr. Clark was deployed to the U.S. Army’s 3238 Quartermaster Service Company, of the all-African American 9th Armored Division, to France, Belgium, and Germany. During his two year service, Mr. Clark provided much needed supplies to the front line and was one of the 125,000 African-American men to serve overseas during World War II. Mr. Clark married his wife Clarissa when he returned from serving his country and moved to Purcellville, Virginia, where they had a son, Charlie. He continued to serve his community through his job as a school bus driver; a posi-tion in which he was admired as a friendly face to students for twenty-five years. Not con-tent to do just his day job, he became an ac-tive and dedicated member of the community, serving on the Loudoun County Emancipation Association, as the Honorary Chairman in Purcellville parades, and even throwing the first pitch at a Babe Ruth World Series event. Mr. Clark lived his final year at the Veterans Medical Center in Martinsburg, West Virginia, where he was recognized with a Certificate of Appreciation for his service in the U.S. Army. The medical center director, Timothy Cooke, described him as ‘‘extraordinary’’ and said that it was ‘‘a privilege to have him at our medical center’’. While his wife and son both passed before him, he is survived by his grand-daughter, Rhea S. Clark and daughter-in-law, Della N. Clark. People like Mr. Clark uphold the freedom and the values for which this country stands, and I am honored to recognize him today for his life of service, kindness, and dedication to our great nation. We are fortunate to have citi-zens like Mr. Clark who positively impact so many people. Mr, Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding fare-well to, Charles P. Clark. May he rest in peace, and his family be comforted. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANNE AND JAMES CARNEY 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of James and Anne Carney, of Sharon, Massachusetts, upon the joyous oc-casion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Jim and Anne’s marriage has been one full of family, service, and adventure. Though they were acquaintances in childhood—attending high schools less than a mile apart from each other in the Boston area—fate brought them together when both attended Boston College. Following their time at Boston College, the couple was married in 1966 and left their Mas-sachusetts roots for Illinois so Jim could serve as a blind rehabilitation counselor at the Hines Veteran Medical Center. It was in Illinois where they began their family, with Andrea born in 1967, Erin in 1969, and Michael in 1970. But the Carneys couldn’t stay away from the Commonwealth for long. They settled down in Sharon in 1974 where both furthered the ca-reers they established in Illinois—Jim with the Department of Veterans Affairs and Anne in education. In the early 1980s, Anne transitioned from teaching to assessing, even-tually becoming the Chief Assessor in Easton, Massachusetts—a position she held until her retirement. The Carneys have continued to dedicate themselves to the betterment of the Sharon community, organizing various neighborhood events and giving their time to work for causes they care deeply about. Since they have re-tired, they enjoy spending time with their fam-ily and friends. Though Sharon will always be home for Anne and Jim, since their retirement they enjoy traveling to the warmer destina-tions—Anne in search of a new adventure and Jim for the perfect place to fish. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Anne and Jim Carney on the joyous occasion of their 50th anniversary. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing them many more years of hap-piness. f 
HONORING IAN COCHRAN ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE SCIENTISTS AND TECH-NOLOGISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCI-ENTISTS AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ian Cochran, of Rogersville, Missouri, who has been accepted by the National Acad-emy of Future Scientists and Technologists as a delegate to the Congress of Future Sci-entists and Technology Leaders. The Congress of Future Science and Tech-nology Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top stu-dents in the United States. It is specifically for students who aspire to be scientists, engi-neers and technologists, and helps to provide a path and mentorship for students to accom-plish those dreams. It takes place in the Uni-versity of Massachusetts over 3 days, and helps to spark meaningful dialogues and ex-changes of ideas between future leaders in the fields of science and technology. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants must be recommended by ei-ther a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Students must have a minimum of a 3.5 GPA and represent all 50 states and Puerto Rico. It is an incredibly selective oppor-tunity, and those students who qualify for se-lection have done so because of their hard work and diligence to their studies, not to mention their impressive intellect. Mr. Speaker, Ian Cochran, who attends Springfield Catholic High School, has shown that he excels in his studies, and has dem-onstrated a passion for a career in science. He will soon be representing the future of the state of Missouri at this conference, and I have the utmost confidence that he will do an excellent job. On behalf of Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him for this achieve-ment and wish him luck in all his future en-deavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.049 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE945 June 16, 2016 
RETIREMENT OF LT. GENERAL JEFFREY TALLEY 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Army Reserve, I congratu-late our chief, Lt. General Jeffrey Talley, on his retirement and thank him for 34 years of service to our country. Lt. General Talley truly exemplifies the Re-serve motto, Twice the Citizen. After 30 years of military service, he returned to active duty in 2012 to lead the U.S. Army Reserve, a nod to his unparalleled leadership. Since his return in 2012, Lt. General Talley has led the Army Reserve through one of the most battle-tested and operational times in its history. His vast knowledge and experience has positively shaped the Reserve into a strong, fighting force ready to answer their country’s call. Lt. General Talley will be greatly missed and long remembered. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SUMNER LODGE NUMBER 5 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to recognize one of Springfield, Massachusetts’ most well-known institutions, the Grand Sumner Lodge Number 5 of the Prince Hall Masonic Temple, which is cele-brating its 150th anniversary. The Grand Sumner Lodge was founded on June 24, 1866 by eleven Master Masons living in Springfield, who felt it was time for the city’s African-American community to host a fra-ternal organization. The Master Masons chose to name their lodge after Senator Charles Sumner of Massachusetts. Senator Sumner dedicated his life to serving his country as a member of the United States Senate from 1851 until his death in 1874. He was a long time champion of the abolitionist and civil rights movements. In fact, he was beaten on the floor of the United States Senate for the cause of equality in 1856. The members of Grand Sumner Lodge Number 5 have dedi-cated themselves to following the example set by their illustrious namesake. The Lodge has been at the forefront of the battle for civil rights in this country. They have broken down many barriers, including in 1955 when the members of the Lodge became the first Afri-can-American fraternal organization to erect their own meeting hall in Massachusetts. Sumner Lodge has been a force for good in the Springfield community for 150 years and has shown no signs of slowing down. The group currently donates time and money to causes that include the Martin Luther King Day Center, American Cancer Society, CDC Rehabilitation Springfield, and Jane Doe, Inc. Sumner Lodge provides positive role models for the young men of Springfield to ensure that they do not fall victim to substance abuse. The Lodge also seeks to educate young men on the horrific consequences of sexual assault and domestic violence, so that they learn healthy respect for the women in their lives. Additionally, they serve all of the youth of Springfield by toiling to construct safe areas for after school recreation activities. Organiza-tions such as the Sumner Lodge are vital pil-lars of the American community and must be commended for their tireless dedication to service. I have full confidence that they will continue to do phenomenal work for the next 150 years. Mr. Speaker, as Springfield celebrates the 150th anniversary of the Grand Sumner Lodge, let us all acknowledge the outstanding work that this group has done on behalf of the people of Springfield, and let us all wish them the best of luck in their future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO LAUREN PHILIPS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lauren Philips of Council Bluffs, Iowa for recognition as a Delegate at the Congress of Future Med-ical Leaders, sponsored by The National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Lauren is one of six State of Iowa honor students selected to attend. Lauren Philips is an exceptional student, high-achieving in academics and all-around service. This Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program for high school students who will seek to become phy-sicians or enter the medical research field. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders hon-ors, inspires and motivates high school stu-dents like Lauren Philips as a luminary in the advanced study of medicine. Lauren is a student at Marian High School in Omaha, Nebraska. She was nominated by school officials and the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists be-cause of academic excellence and civic-mind-ed responsibilities. Lauren Philips makes a difference by serv-ing others. It is with great honor that I recog-nize her today. I know that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in honoring her accomplishments. Lauren Philips will obtain the goals and dreams of many medical professionals. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF GENERAL MILLS 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th anniversary of General Mills, a company that helped build the state of Minnesota and feed our nation. With humble roots beginning in 1866 on the banks of the Mississippi River near St. Anthony Falls in Minneapolis, General Mills has grown into one of the largest food companies in the world, employing thousands of Minnesotans, and other workers throughout the world. The Gen-eral Mills story goes hand-in-hand with our state history and the growth of our nation. After serving as a general in President Lin-coln’s Army, Cadwallader Washburn moved to Minnesota where he saw the potential of the largest waterfall on the Mississippi River to power a major flour mill. It was here that the company now known internationally as Gen-eral Mills was born when Washburn built the ‘‘B Mill’’—the largest mill west of Buffalo, New York, towering 6 stories above the frontier and bountiful wheat fields. Tragedy rocked the city when an explosion destroyed Washburn’s ‘‘A Mill’’, killing the entire 14 man night crew. Dur-ing the rebuilding process, Washburn pio-neered new safety measures that he shared with competitors, so that they may avoid such a tragedy themselves. On the opposite side of the river, and using the last of his money that remained from a previous failed business venture, Charles Pills-bury established his own mill. Pillsbury and General Mills would become strong competi-tors, that years later merged into a single great company. During the depths of the Great Depression, another visionary leader at General Mills ush-ered in a new era of prosperity for the com-pany. Under the leadership of James Ford Bell, General Mills created blockbuster prod-ucts like Cheerios, Kix cereal, and Bisquick, which achieved his goal of delivering innova-tions that were embraced by American con-sumers. It was also during this time that Amer-icans met a remarkable woman and began sending thousands of letters seeking her ad-vice on wholesome cooking. Because of her meteoric rise and enduring popularity, it’s still a surprise to many she isn’t a real person, but another invention from the creative minds at General Mills: Betty Crocker. WWII brought a new era to General Mills and focused the pioneering spirit of the com-pany toward the cause of freedom. Engineers who once worked on packaging and manufac-turing were now producing the most cutting edge war time technologies, including the ‘‘jit-terbug’’ torpedo. This sophisticated advance in naval warfare contributed greatly to the Allied victory at sea. These innovations also had the unintended effect of creating a cottage-indus-try of well-respected Minnesota precision engi-neering and technology firms. Today, General Mills continues to make major contributions to the greater good. Through the General Mills Foundation, impor-tant work on sustainability, food security, and protecting our natural resources is dem-onstrating the best of corporate leadership and responsibility to the communities it serves. In 2014 alone, all charitable giving from General Mills totaled $150 million; nearly $30 million in grants came directly from the General Mills Foundation. From its modest beginnings to its global reach today, General Mills has shaped the way that Americans and people the world over interact with food. These innovations have be-come some of the most iconic brands in the world. From innovating new products, to de-veloping wartime technologies, and the historic merger with Pillsbury, General Mills has al-ways been a source of pride for the State of Minnesota and the nation. Here is to another groundbreaking 150 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.053 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE946 June 16, 2016 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF JASON BENJAMIN JOSAPHAT BE´BE´ 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Jason Benjamin Josaphat Be ´be´, a 2014 graduate of Skyline High School in Mesa, Arizona. Jason was the oldest son of Myrlande Be´be´and Jackson Josaphat and a beloved nephew, brother, and friend. On Sunday, June 12, 2016, Jason’s life was cut tragically short in a hateful act of terror at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida that claimed his life and 48 others. He was just 19 years old. We join all Americans in grieving this senseless loss. At Skyline High School, Jason was a pop-ular and active student, involved in both the hip-hop dance club and the spirit squad. Friends and classmates described him as a goofball, full of energy and optimism, and with a contagious and persistent smile that could light up a room. He was computer savvy, had a passion for physical fitness, and took a great interest in photography. Jason was a bright and talented student that strived to help others succeed academically. After graduating from Skyline, he enrolled at Southern Technical College in Florida. He graduated from their business office specialist program just two weeks before his death. Jason had enrolled at Valencia College to continue his education by studying computer science. Friends, family, former classmates, and hun-dreds of community members gathered on Wednesday in Mesa to celebrate Jason’s life. In the years he spent in Arizona, it is clear he made a positive impact on so many. We were fortunate to have him for the short time that we did. Mr. Speaker, Jason deserved a long, ful-filling life with the richness of experience that the rest of us hope for for ourselves and for our children. We stand together with Jason’s family and friends in solemn remembrance. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. KYLA MARTIN AS A 2016 RECIPIENT OF THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL AWARD 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Ms. Kyla Martin of Paxinos, Pennsylvania as a recipient of the 2016 Con-gressional Gold Medal Award. She is a 2013 graduate of Shamokin Area High School in my district, and now attends Wilson College where she majors in equine journalism with a minor in communications. Kyla has made a real difference in my district through her volun-teer work, and I am confident that she will continue to be a role model for the next gen-eration of leaders in northeastern Pennsyl-vania. The Congressional Gold Medal Award is presented, regardless of ability or cir-cumstance, to any young person between the ages of 14 and 24. This award is the highest honor that Congress presents to outstanding young individuals and requires participants to set goals in voluntary public service, personal development, physical fitness, and expedition. Kyla showed great perseverance in meeting these criteria and continues to affect the lives of constituents in my district through her ex-tensive charitable work. Kyla completed several hundred volunteer hours to meet the voluntary public service re-quirement. Through the charity that she co- founded, Angels at Work, Kyla has organized several food and clothing drives to help pro-vide basic necessities to those most in need in northeastern Pennsylvania. She is a coach for her local equestrian vaulting team and used this experience to complete her volun-teer work, personal development, and physical fitness requirements. Kyla spent countless hours outside of practice working on her own vaulting skills, and competed nationally at the highest level of any vaulter from Pennsylvania at the time. For the expedition portion of the award, she camped for several nights at a local campground where she was able to fa-miliarize herself with native plant and animal life. These experiences speak directly to Kyla’s character and I am confident that she will carry these skills with her as she con-tinues to grow both personally and profes-sionally. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Ms. Kyla Martin for receiving the 2016 Congres-sional Gold Medal Award. Kyla has consist-ently demonstrated the devotion necessary to achieve her goals, and countless lives in my district have been impacted by her actions throughout this journey. On behalf of my con-gressional district, I wish to congratulate Kyla and wish her the best in her future endeavors. f 
HONORING MARK AND JOANNA BURNS FOR THEIR 50TH WED-DING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mark and Joanna Burns of Mishawaka, Indiana for their 50th wedding an-niversary. Having married in 1966, Mark and Joanna now celebrate the very special occasion of their golden anniversary. Fifty years of mar-riage is a marvelous accomplishment and speaks volumes about the love and compas-sion that they share with one another, and their tremendous foundation of faith. It is obvious to all who spend time with them that they cultivated a truly beautiful life to-gether. Their lasting commitment not only to one another, but also to their family is a shin-ing example of devotion and faithfulness in our very own Hoosier community. As public school teachers, they touched the lives of thousands of students. As youth leaders in their church, they impacted mine as well. They embody the very values of what it means to be husband and wife. On behalf of Hoosiers in the Second Con-gressional District, it is my honor to congratu-late them on their anniversary and celebrate in this milestone. In addition, I would like to ex-tend my sincerest congratulations to Mark, Jo-anna, and their entire family. It is my hope that their love continues to grow stronger with each passing year. f 
HONORING MARK ARNCE ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE SCI-ENTISTS AND TECHNOLOGISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CON-GRESS OF FUTURE SCIENTISTS AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mark Arnce, of Joplin, Missouri, who has been accepted by the National Academy of Future Scientists and Technologists as a delegate to the Congress of Future Scientists and Technology Leaders. The Congress of Future Science and Tech-nology Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top stu-dents in the United States. It is specifically for students who aspire to be scientists, engi-neers and technologists, and helps to provide a path and mentorship for students to accom-plish those dreams. It takes place in the Uni-versity of Massachusetts over 3 days, and helps to spark meaningful dialogues and ex-changes of ideas between future leaders in the fields of science and technology. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants must be recommended by ei-ther a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Students must have a minimum of a 3.5 GPA and represent all 50 states and Puerto Rico. It is an incredibly selective oppor-tunity, and those students who qualify for se-lection have done so because of their hard work and diligence to their studies, not to mention their impressive intellect. Mr. Speaker, Mark Arnce, who attends Carl Junction High School, has shown that he ex-cels in his studies, and has demonstrated a passion for a career in science. He will soon be representing Missouri at this conference, and I have the utmost confidence that he will do an excellent job. On behalf of Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District, I urge my col-leagues to join me in congratulating him for this achievement and wish him luck in all his future endeavors. 
f 
LADY EAGLES SOFTBALL TEAM ARE STATE CHAMPIONS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Lady Eagles softball team of Fort Bend Christian Academy in Sugar Land, Texas for winning the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools (TAPPS) 4A state championship. The Lady Eagles won their fifth state cham-pionship in program history, all occurring in the past 10 years. The team from Fort Bend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.057 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE947 June 16, 2016 
Christian Academy won their previous state ti-tles in 2007, 2009, 2010, and 2013, while being the state runner-up in 2008, 2011, and 2014. This year, at the state tournament, the ladies defeated Corpus Christi Incarnate Word 7–4 in a rallying come from behind victory to earn a berth into the championship game. The Lady Eagles defeated Dallas Christian in a re-sounding manner by a score of 6–1 to win the state title. They did not lose a single game to a private school this season, and even tri-umphed over six University Interscholastic League (UIL) playoff teams. The team finished their championship season with an impressive 23–6–1 record. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Lady Eagles softball team of Fort Bend Christian Academy for winning the TAPPS 4A state title. Keep up the great work. 
f 
GRAYSON AMENDMENT TO THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to make a statement regarding the passage of H.R. 5293, the Department of Defense Appro-priation Act, 2017. Specifically I would like to make a statement about my amendment, Grayson Number 58. My amendment moved $5 million from the Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide account to the Re-search, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army Account’s Advanced Concepts and Sim-ulation program. These funds allow universities to focus on advancing component technologies required for real time modeling and simulation training. A promising use of this program is the devel-opment of a more effective protocol for treat-ing combat-related post-traumatic stress dis-order for active duty, retired, and discharged personnel and their families. The use of mod-eling and simulation technology has enabled new innovative and immersive therapies to be developed, which can extend trauma manage-ment therapy protocol. I support the use of modeling and simulation and thank my colleagues for their support of my amendment. 
f 
HONORING JOHN R. ‘‘JACK’’ HEALY, PRESIDENT & CEO OF THE UNITED WAY OF GREATER NEW HAVEN, ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, today marks the end of an era at the United Way of Great-er New Haven as family, friends, and col-leagues gather to thank Jack Healy, the orga-nization’s President and CEO, as he cele-brates his retirement after two decades of dedicated service. A native of New Haven, Jack’s early profes-sional career took him to many other parts of the country yet his focus always followed his passion—human resources and philanthropy. In fact, much of his time away from Con-necticut was spent at United Way branches in other communities. Returning to New Haven in 1996, Jack took on the position of Executive Vice President at the United Way of Greater New Haven and was promoted to President & CEO in 2006. His time at the United Way of Greater New Haven has been focused on guiding the organization through a shift in the fundamental way it supports the community. Jack’s leadership and vision has enabled the United Way of Greater New Haven to grow in its positive community impact by transforming from an organization that fundraised for non-profits to becoming a driving force in collec-tively tackling such issues as income inequal-ity, homelessness, and early childhood edu-cation. It has been under this new model of oper-ation that the United Way of Greater New Haven has been able to make some real dif-ferences in our community. Most recently, the ALICE, ‘‘Asset-Limited, Income-Constrained, Employed’’ report released by the United Way of Greater New Haven has demonstrated the unique challenges faced by our working fami-lies. By identifying the areas in which families are struggling, the results of the ALICE report are enabling our social service agencies and non-profit organizations to better direct their resources, programs, and services to meet these needs. Perhaps Jack’s proudest accom-plishment is the United Way of Greater New Haven’s active involvement in the develop-ment and implementation of ‘‘BOOST!’’—a partnership with New Haven Public Schools and the City of New Haven to provide wrap- around services to our community’s most vul-nerable children. This initiative is currently serving more than seven thousand students in sixteen schools and is making sure that those children are not only achieving academically while in school, but are also receiving the sup-portive services they and their families need to thrive in the community. I would be remiss if I did not also take a moment to extend a personal note of thanks to Jack for his many years of friendship and support. I am honored to rise today to join the many family, friends, colleagues and commu-nity leaders who have gathered today to ex-tend sincere thanks and appreciation to Jack Healy for two decades of dedicated service to the United Way of Greater New Haven. I wish him, his wife, Barbara; his two sons, Dan and wife Ashley as well as Ryan and wife Re-becca; and granddaughter Lettie, many more years of health and happiness as he enjoys his retirement. f 
TRIBUTE TO CAROL AND LYNDELL STREEBIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Carol and Lyndell Streebin on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Lyndell and Carol Streebin were married on June 3, 1956 and reside in Blockton, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Mike, David and Joni, truly em-bodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. I salute this lovely couple on their 60 years of life together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,230,063,635,793.43. We’ve added $8,603,186,586,880.35 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8.6 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 16, 2016 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today, a vote in the House was held on an amendment to H.R. 5293, the Defense Appro-priations Act for FY17, which was authored by Rep. M
ASSIE . The Amendment was defeated. I did not support this Amendment, and my in-tention was to vote ‘‘no.’’ However, I inadvert-ently voted ‘‘yes’’. The effect of the Amendment would have been to curtail the authority of intelligence offi-cials to quickly query a database of informa-tion lawfully collected under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, using ‘‘U.S. Person identifiers.’’ Additionally, the Amendment would have blocked NSA and CIA from mandating or requesting certain assist-ance from individuals and companies, in the course of conducting electronic surveillance. While I was opposed to this amendment, I welcome a robust discussion to discuss the security and privacy implications of Section 702. As a member of the House Intelligence Committee, I look forward to participating in this debate ahead of its expiration in 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.061 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D671 Thursday, June 16, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4257–S4330 Measures Introduced: Fourteen bills and seven res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 6, 3063–3075, S. Res. 495–500, and S. Con. Res. 41. 
                                                                                            Page S4299 
Measures Reported: S. Res. 104, to express the sense of the Senate re-garding the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of prosecuting first time illegal border crossers. (S. Rept. No. 114–279) S. 3067, making appropriations for financial serv-ices and general government for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–280) S. 3068, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–281)
                                         Page S4299 
Measures Passed: Boy Scouts of America 100th Anniversary: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 495, recognizing the Boy Scouts of America on the 100th anniversary of the organization being granted a Federal charter and for the long history of heritage and service of the Boy Scouts of America.
                                            Pages S4303–04 
Condemning the Terrorist Attack on the Pulse Orlando Nightclub: Senate agreed to S. Res. 496, condemning the terrorist attack on the Pulse Or-lando nightclub, honoring the memory of the vic-tims of the attack, offering condolences to and ex-pressing support for their families and friends and all those affected, and applauding the dedication and bravery of law enforcement, emergency response, and counterterrorism officials in responding to the attack. 
                                                                                            Page S4304 
Honoring the Life and Legacy of Gordie Howe: Senate agreed to S. Res. 497, honoring the life and legacy of Gordon ‘‘Gordie’’ Howe.
                   Page S4304 
World Elder Abuse Awareness Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 498, designating June 15, 2016, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’.
     Page S4305 United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 2815, to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and the bill was then passed.
                      Pages S4263–65 
Rapid DNA Act: Senate passed S. 2348, to im-plement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to in-form decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to pre-vent DNA analysis backlogs, after agreeing to the committee amendments.
                                Pages S4265–66 
Justice for All Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 2577, to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and de-velopment of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the per-formance of counsel in State capital cases, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
     Pages S4266–77 
Cornyn (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4727, to require the Attorney General to evaluate the per-formance of the Department of Justice in seeking and recovering restitution for victims under all Fed-eral restitution provisions, to require recipients of DNA backlog capacity and enhancement grants to report on how they actually used their grant funds, and to prevent duplicative grants.
                    Page S4270 
Recovering Missing Children Act: Committee on Finance was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3209, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the disclosure of certain tax return information for the purpose of missing or exploited children investigations, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S4287–88 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN6.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD672 June 16, 2016 
Congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins: Senate agreed to S. Res. 499, congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins for winning the 2016 Stanley Cup hockey championship.
                                                             Page S4323 
Juneteenth Independence Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 500, designating June 19, 2016, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States.
              Page S4323 
John F. Kennedy Center Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 2808, to amend the John F. Ken-nedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. 
                                                                                            Page S4323 
Measures Considered: Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate con-tinued consideration of H.R. 2578, making appro-priations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, after withdrawing the committee-reported substitute amendment, and tak-ing action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                Pages S4259–63, S4285–90 
Pending: Shelby/Mikulski Amendment No. 4685, in the nature of a substitute.
                              Pages S4259, S4289 
McConnell (for Feinstein) Amendment No. 4720 (to Amendment No. 4685), to authorize the Attor-ney General to deny requests to transfer a firearm to known or suspected terrorists.
                             Page S4290 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 4749 (to Amendment No. 4720), to Secure our Homeland from radical Islamists by Enhancing Law enforce-ment Detection (‘‘SHIELD’’).
                      Pages S4289–90 
McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions, (McConnell (for Murphy) Amendment No. 4750), to ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the national in-stant criminal background check system and require a background check for every firearm sale. 
                                                                                            Page S4290 
McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4751 (to (the instructions) Amendment No. 4750), to ad-dress gun violence and improve the availability of records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System.
                                                             Page S4290 
McConnell Amendment No. 4752 (to Amend-ment No. 4751), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S4290 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4751 (to (the instructions) Amendment No. 4750) (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Monday, June 20, 2016.                                                                                             Page S4290 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions, (McCon-nell (for Murphy) Amendment No. 4750) (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4751 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 4750).
                           Page S4290 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 4749 (to Amendment No. 4720) (listed above), and, in ac-cordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McConnell motion to com-mit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions, (McConnell (for Murphy) Amendment No. 4750).
                                                            Pages S4289–90 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Feinstein) Amendment No. 4720 (to Amendment No. 4685) (listed above), and, in ac-cordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 4749 (to Amendment No. 4720). 
                                                                                            Page S4289 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: McConnell (for Shelby/Mikulski) Amendment No. 4685, in the nature of a substitute, fell when the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill was withdrawn.
                                                  Page S4289 
Shelby Amendment No. 4686 (to Amendment No. 4685), to make a technical correction, fell when McConnell (for Shelby/Mikulski) Amendment No. 4685, fell.
                                                                      Page S4259 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the bill at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, June 20, 2016; and that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the pending cloture motions ripen at 5:30 p.m.
                                                                                  Page S4323 
House Messages: Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act: Sen-ate disagreed to the House amendments to S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, agreed to the request from the House for a conference, and authorized the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees, after taking action on the following motions to instruct conferees on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN6.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D673 June 16, 2016 
two Houses on the bill to be instructed to insist on the inclusion in the final conference report the fol-lowing motions proposed thereto:
             Pages S4277–85 
Adopted: By 66 yeas to 29 nays (Vote No. 101), Shaheen Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that any con-ference report shall include funding for prevention, treatment, and recovery associated with state and local efforts needed to combat the national heroin and opioid epidemic.
                                               Page S4284 
By 70 yeas to 24 nays (Vote No. 102), White-house Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that any conference report shall include (1) to reject proposals that would replace the individual prevention, treat-ment, law enforcement, and recovery programs au-thorized in S. 524, including the incentive grant program authorized in section 601, with a single grant program with multiple allowable uses; (2) to insist that the final conference report include author-izations explicitly designated for grants to States, and in the case of States that do not have prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs, units of local gov-ernment that do have such programs, to strengthen the use of and make improvements to prescription drug monitoring programs; (3) to insist that the final conference report address the unique needs of rural communities, which are among the hardest hit by opioid abuse in the United States and are often in the most dire need of improved emergency serv-ices and more accessible treatment infrastructure; (4) to insist that the final conference report authorize those provisions of S. 1641 that were approved by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (5) to insist that the final conference report in-clude the provisions of S. 1455 as reported by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions of the Senate.
                                                   Page S4285 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 95 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 100), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to disagree to the House amendments to the bill, agree to the re-quest from the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees. 
                                                                                    Pages S4283–84 
The Chair was authorized to appoint the following conferees on the part of the Senate: Senators Grass-ley, Alexander, Hatch, Sessions, Leahy, Murray, and Wyden.
                                                                           Page S4283 
Pro Forma Session—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn until 11 a.m., on Friday, June 17, 2016, for a pro forma session only, with no business being conducted; and that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, June 17, 2016, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, June 20, 2016.                                 Page S4323 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir, of Connecticut, to be Ambassador to Malaysia. Andrew Robert Young, of California, to be Am-bassador to Burkina Faso. Mark D. Acton, of Kentucky, to be a Commis-sioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission for a term expiring October 14, 2022. Shirley Woodward, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Central Intelligence Agency. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S4325–30 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4298 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4298 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S4298 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4298–99 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4299 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4300–01 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4301–06 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4295–98 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4306–22 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S4322–23 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4323 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—102)
                                           Pages S4283–84, S4285 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:15 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Friday, June 17, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4325.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES, AND FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 3068) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN6.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD674 June 16, 2016 
An original bill (S. 3067) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. NOMINATION Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of General David L. Goldfein, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of General, and to be Chief of Staff, United States Air Force, Department of Defense, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL THREATS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine our evolving understanding and response to transnational criminal threats, after receiving testimony from William R. Brownfield, Assistant Secretary of State for International Nar-cotics and Law Enforcement Affairs. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Donald Karl Schott, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Stephanie A. Finley, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Claude J. Kelly III, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Winfield D. Ong, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana. NLRB JOINT EMPLOYER STANDARD Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine keeping the American dream alive, focusing on creating jobs under the National Labor Relations Board’s new joint employer standard, including S. 2686, to clar-ify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act, after receiving testimony from Ciara Stockeland, MODE, Fargo, North Dakota, and Lynn Berberich, BrightStar Healthcare of Baltimore City/County, Lu-therville, Maryland, both on behalf of the Coalition to Save Local Businesses; Keith R. Bolek, O’Donoghue and O’Donoghue LLP, and James Sherk, The Heritage Foundation, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; and Harris Freeman, Western New England University School of Law, Springfield, Mas-sachusetts. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine certain intelligence matters, after receiving testimony from John O. Brennan, Director, Central Intelligence Agency. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 33 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5494–5527; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 95; and H. Res. 789–791 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3965–68 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3968–69 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Con. Res. 131, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run (H. Rept. 114–625); and H.R. 5160, to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real es-tate or other property interests acquired by the Na-tional Gallery of Art (H. Rept. 114–626). 
                                                                                            Page H3965 Suspension: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act: H.R. 5471, to combat terrorist recruitment in the United States, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 402 yeas to 15 nays, Roll No. 333.
                            Pages H3919–25, H3955 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017: The House passed H.R. 5293, making appro-priations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, by a yea-and-nay vote of 282 yeas to 138 nays, Roll No. 332. Consid-eration began Tuesday, June 14th.
           Pages H3925–53 
Agreed to: McSally amendment (No. 48 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that limits the Defense Department from using money to have musical military units perform in an official capacity for certain entertainment pur-poses in 10 U.S.C. 974, including dinners, dances, and social events;
                                               Pages H3932–33 
Barletta amendment (No. 74 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that prohibits funding from being used to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN6.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D675 June 16, 2016 
enter into contracts for the procurement of energy or fuel for military installations if such energy or fuel originates from the Russian Federation; 
                                                                                    Pages H3933–34 
Smith (NE) amendment (No. 75 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that prohibits DOD from excluding meat from their Food Service Program Manual; 
                                                                                            Page H3934 
Huffman amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that strikes a provision of the bill requiring the Air Force to uti-lize specific energy sourced domestically within the United States as the base load energy for heating at U.S. defense installations in Kaiserslautern, Germany (by a recorded vote of 268 ayes to 153 noes, Roll No. 311);
                                                               Pages H3938–39 
Buck amendment (No. 22 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that pro-hibits funds to implement Department of Defense (DOD) Directive 4715.21 on Climate Change Adaption and Resilience, requiring the Pentagon to prioritize climate change over national security (by a recorded vote of 216 ayes to 205 noes, Roll No. 314);
                                                                         Pages H3940–41 
Byrne amendment (No. 24 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that seeks to prohibit funds to be used to modify a military in-stallation in the United States, including construc-tion or modification of a facility on a military instal-lation, to provide temporary housing for unaccom-panied alien children (by a recorded vote of 223 ayes to 198 noes, Roll No. 315);
                                Page H3941 
King (IA) amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that ensures no funds are used by the Department of De-fense to carry out or in response to the memorandum of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense Integration and Defense Support of Civil Authorities titled ‘‘Memorandum for Secre-taries of the Military Departments Director, Joint Staff’’ and dated November 25, 2015 (by a recorded vote of 221 ayes to 200 noes, Roll No. 316); 
                                                                                    Pages H3941–42 
Lamborn amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that pro-hibits the use of funds to survey, assess, or review potential detention locations in the United States to detain any individual presently detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (by a recorded vote of 245 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 319);
                                                                           Page H3943–44 
McClintock amendment (No. 32 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that prohibits the Department of Defense from obligating or expending funds on certain green energy man-dates found in various provisions of U.S. Code and two Executive Orders (by a recorded vote of 221 ayes to 197 noes, Roll No. 322);              Pages H3945–46 
DeSantis amendment (No. 34 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that pro-hibits funds for any salaries or expenses for the of-fices of the Special Envoy for Guantanamo Detention Closure or the Principal Director, Detainee Policy (by a recorded vote of 226 ayes to 194 noes, Roll No. 324); and
                                                              Page H3947 
Walberg amendment (No. 37 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that pro-hibits funds from being used by the Secretary of De-fense to obligate or expend funds on Afghanistan In-frastructure Fund projects (by a recorded vote of 218 ayes to 201 noes, Roll No. 326).
              Pages H3948–49 
Rejected: Yoho amendment (No. 41 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that sought to block funds from being used to engage in hostilities in Libya in contraven-tion of the War Powers Resolution;
        Pages H3926–27 
Shuster amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to restore $170 million to Army Operations & Maintenance (O&M) for the purpose of preventing a cut to depots and the Organic Industrial Base (OIB), offset with funds from Operations & Mainte-nance Defense-Wide and non-critical environmental restoration accounts (by a recorded vote of 205 ayes to 216 noes, Roll No. 306);
                        Pages H3935–36 
Ellison amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to reprogram already appropriated funds to create an Office of Good Jobs for the Department of Defense (by a recorded vote of 172 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 307);
                                                            Page H3936 
Rogers (AL) amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to add additional funding for directed energy and other research and development at the Missile Defense Agency (by a recorded vote of 177 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 308);
                              Pages H3936–37 
Quigley amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to decrease funding for the Long Range Standoff Weapon by $75,802,000 and increase the spending reduction account by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 159 ayes to 261 noes, Roll No. 309);
                                                                         Pages H3937–38 
O’Rourke amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to strike Section 8121, which prevents the use of funds for proposing, planning, or executing a new Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round (by a recorded vote of 157 ayes to 263 noes, Roll No. 310);
                                                                       Page H3938 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN6.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD676 June 16, 2016 
Poe (TX) amendment (No. 19 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to cut funding to Pakistan from $900 mil-lion to $700 million (by a recorded vote of 191 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 312);
                        Pages H3939–40 
Sanford amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to ensure that the Department of Defense re-tains its statutory authority to provide new military recruits a small cash voucher that they can use to purchase running shoes for training (by a recorded vote of 155 ayes to 265 noes, Roll No. 313); 
                                                                                            Page H3940 
Gosar amendment (No. 26 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to prohibit funds from being used by this Act to enlist DACA aliens in the military, who are currently only considered eligible through the MAVNI program as a result of a September 2014 memo from the administration (by a recorded vote of 210 ayes to 211 noes, Roll No. 317); 
                                                                                    Pages H3942–43 
King (IA) amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to ensure no funds are used by the Depart-ment of Defense to enlist DACA youth in the United States military (by a recorded vote of 207 ayes to 214 noes, Roll No. 318);
                      Page H3943 
Massie amendment (No. 30 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to block funding for DOD drug interdiction and counter-drug activities in Afghanistan (by a re-corded vote of 48 ayes to 372 noes, Roll No. 320); 
                                                                                    Pages H3944–45 
Massie amendment (No. 31 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to prohibit warrantless searches of govern-ment databases for the communications of U.S. per-sons and prohibits government agencies from man-dating data security vulnerabilities in products or services for surveillance purposes (by a recorded vote of 198 ayes to 222 noes, Roll No. 321);
       Page H3945 
Mulvaney amendment (No. 33 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to prohibit Overseas Contingency Operation funds found in Title IX from being used for any-thing other than a Contingency Operation as defined by United States Code (by a recorded vote of 112 ayes to 306 noes, Roll No. 323);
              Pages H3946–47 
Rohrabacher amendment (No. 36 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to prohibit funds in the bill from being used to provide assistance to Pakistan (by a recorded vote of 84 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 325); 
                                                                                    Pages H3947–48 Conyers amendment (No. 40 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that was debated on June 15th that sought to block funds from being used to transfer or authorize the transfer of cluster munitions to Saudi Arabia (by a recorded vote of 204 ayes to 216 noes, Roll No. 327);
                                                            Page H3949 
Gabbard amendment (No. 42 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that sought to prohibit funds appropriated under this act from being used to fund assistance au-thorized by Section 1209 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (by a re-corded vote of 135 ayes to 283 noes, Roll No. 328); 
                                                                Pages H3927–28, H3949–50 
McGovern amendment (No. 44 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that sought to state no funds may be obligated or spent for combat operations in Iraq or Syria unless an AUMF is enacted (by a recorded vote of 135 ayes to 285 noes, Roll No. 329); 
                                                                Pages H3928–29, H3950–51 
Lee amendment (No. 45 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that sought to prohibit funding for the 2001 AUMF beginning on April 30, 2017 (by a re-corded vote of 146 ayes to 274 noes, Roll No. 330); and
                                                               Pages H3929–30, H3951 
Polis amendment (No. 46 printed in H. Rept. 114–623) that sought to reduce the total amount appropriated by 1% excluding military personnel and the Defense Health Program account (by a re-corded vote of 69 ayes to 351 noes, Roll No. 331). 
                                                                Pages H3930–32, H3951–52 
H. Res. 783, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) was agreed to yes-terday, June 15th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, June 20th and that the order of the House of January 5, 2016, regarding morn-ing-hour debate not apply on that day.
         Page H3956 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H3919. Senate Referral: S. 2943 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H3919 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay and twen-ty six recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3935, H3936, H3936–37, H3937, H3938, H3938–39, H3939, H3940, H3940–41, H3941, H3942, H3942–43, H3943, H3944, H3944–45, H3945, H3946, H3946–47, H3947, H3948, H3948–49, H3949, H3949–50, H3950–51, H3951, H3951–52, H3952–53 and H3953. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 3:36 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN6.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D677 June 16, 2016 
Committee Meetings 
MEMBERS’ DAY ON BUDGET PROCESS REFORM Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day Hearing on Budget Process Reform’’. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Goodlatte, and Representatives Gohmert, Ribble, Rigell, Foxx, Griffith of Virginia, Renacci, Hardy, Roskam, and McMorris Rodgers. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on H.R. 4538, the ‘‘Senior$afe Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4850, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Har-bor Act’’; H.R. 4852, the ‘‘Private Placement Im-provement Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4854, the ‘‘Sup-porting America’s Innovators Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4855, the ‘‘Fix Crowdfunding Act’’; H.R. 5143, the ‘‘Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5311, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5322, the ‘‘U.S. Territories Investor Protection Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5421, the ‘‘National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5424, the ‘‘Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5429, the ‘‘SEC Regulatory Accountability Act’’; and H.R. 5461, the ‘‘Iranian Leadership Transparency Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amend-ed: H.R. 4538, H.R. 4850, H.R. 4852, H.R. 4854, H.R. 4855, H.R. 5143, H.R. 5311, and H.R. 5424. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 5322, H.R. 5421, H.R. 5429, and H.R. 5461. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5484, the ‘‘State Sponsors of Ter-rorism Review Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5208, the ‘‘North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designa-tion Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5332, the ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2016’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 5208 and H.R. 5332. H.R. 5484 was ordered reported, without amendment. THE GLOBAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM CRISIS AND ITS CHALLENGE TO U.S. FOREIGN POLICY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Global Religious Freedom Crisis and Its Challenge to U.S. Foreign Policy’’. Testimony was heard from David N. Saperstein, Ambassador-at-Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom, Department of State; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a markup on H.R. 5346, the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act’’; H.R. 5459, the ‘‘Cyber Preparedness Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5460, the ‘‘First Responder Access to Innovative Tech-nologies Act’’. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment: H.R. 5459 and H.R. 5460. H.R. 5346 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. SBIR/SSTR REAUTHORIZATION: A REVIEW OF TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘SBIR/SSTR Reauthorization: A Review of Technology Transfer’’. Testimony was heard from Pramod Khargonekar, Assistant Director for Direc-torate of Engineering, National Science Foundation; Michael Lauer, Deputy Director of Extramural Re-search, National Institutes of Health; Patricia Dehmer, Deputy Director for Science Programs, Of-fice of Science, Department of Energy; and a public witness. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN6.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD678 June 16, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Friday, June 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Monday, June 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Ashford, Brad, Nebr., E931 Barletta, Lou, Pa., E946 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E939 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E937, E941 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E947 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E947 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E935, E944 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E933, E938, E947 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E939 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E943 Farr, Sam, Calif., E931, E932 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E947 Hurd, Will, Tex., E931 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E932 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E935, E941 Keating, William R., Mass., E937, E940, E944 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E932 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E943 Long, Billy, Mo., E933, E936, E939, E942, E944, E944, E946 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E935 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E934 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E945 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E945 Olson, Pete, Tex., E933, E935, E937, E938, E940, E943, E946 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E934, E942, Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E932, E934 Price, David E., N.C., E931 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E936 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E937 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E939 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E946 Stewart, Chris, Utah, E937 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E933, E938 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E936, E942 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E934 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E946 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E943 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E945 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E941 Young, David, Iowa, E934, E936, E937, E939, E940, E942, E943, E943, E945, E947 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E941 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16JN6.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST