Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5341 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2016 No. 138 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 13, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANIEL  W
EBSTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
THE STATISTICS ARE DEVASTATING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, last month the Nation watched as our friends in Louisiana were inundated by record rainfall and unprecedented flooding. More than 7 trillion gallons of water fell in Louisiana and Mississippi over 8 days. Thirteen lives have been lost. More than 7,000 people were forced into 37 shelters across Louisiana. There has been an estimated $110 million in agricultural losses, and 40,000 homes have been damaged. Just a few weeks before the dev-astating floods in the South, in Ellicott City, Maryland, not too far away from here, nearly 6 inches of rain fell in less than 2 hours, resulting in a torrential flood, the likes of which NOAA has told us happens just once every 1,000 years. Officials say that 90 businesses and 107 homes were damaged and that infrastructure repairs are es-timated to cost at least $22 million. These statistics are devastating, and, if we fail to better prepare ourselves for the severe impacts of manmade cli-mate change, we will only see more dis-asters like this. First responders and emergency pro-fessionals deserve our utmost praise and admiration, as do the kind citizens on the streets who help their neighbors escape the rushing waters, and the peo-ple all over the country who contribute what they can to help put broken cities back together. But we must stop put-ting our heroes in harm’s way. The science is clear, it is conclusive, and it is settled: these natural disas-ters aren’t all natural. It is imperative that we work to limit our impact on the climate, but we must also prepare for the climate impacts that are now inevitable. Prioritizing disaster pre-paredness by being thoughtful about where and how we construct homes, businesses, and other vital infrastruc-ture will save lives, will save homes, and will save money. Devastating weather events are oc-curring with greater frequency than ever before. Today, the Northeast, Mid-west, and upper Great Plains regions see 30 percent more heavy rainfall than they did in the first half of the 20th century, and manmade climate change is already impacting the lives of every single American. Even if you are not one of the mil-lions who have suffered from extreme heat, widespread drought, or cata-strophic flooding, your tax dollars have gone to help those who have. Acting before disasters strike is the only way to reduce the strain on local, State, and Federal emergency response sys-tems, especially as they gear up to handle the predictable and unpredict-able changes that climate change will bring. I am proud to say that my hometown of Chicago is among the 20 percent of global cities that have an adaptation plan to deal with the increased heat, urban flooding, and severe storms that climate change will bring. But it is vital that cities and towns across America also prepare. Responding to climate change demands urgent and de-cisive action. This is not a coastal issue, and it is not a partisan issue. Rising seas and severe storms don’t care if you are a Democrat or a Republican. All Ameri-cans are in this together, and all Amer-icans—including Members of Con-gress—must be prepared to deal with climate impacts such as severe flood-ing. Together we must act to hasten the transition to a low-carbon future that protects our communities from the impacts of climate change. The costs of not doing so, in lives, in tril-lions of dollars, and in changes to our way of life, are too great. f 
IRAN HAS NOT CHANGED ITS STRIPES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, since July 14, 2015, the Iranian regime has conducted four ballistic missile tests with not-so-subtle warnings to our ally and our best friend, the demo-cratic Jewish state of Israel, which its goal was to wipe Israel off the map. Also, since that date, we have learned that there have been side agreements between Iran and the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Sep 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.000 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5342 September 13, 2016 
IAEA, that were not submitted to Con-gress for our review. The IAEA released a report on the possible military di-mensions, known as PMD, of Iran’s nu-clear program that proved that Iran lied about its nuclear program in the past and continued to stonewall inves-tigations into outstanding questions that remain; yet, the Iranian nuclear deal, the JCPOA, was allowed to move forward in spite of that. Also, the Obama administration pur-chased 32 metric tons of heavy water from Iran. What makes this so egre-gious, Mr. Speaker, is that this pur-chase was arranged in order to prevent Iran from violating the very terms of the Iranian nuclear deal, the JCPOA. As if that were not bad enough, with the administration reselling the pur-chased heavy water to domestic and commercial buyers, well, that makes the U.S. a proliferator of Iran nuclear materials, all while legitimizing Iran as a nuclear supplier. Outrageous. Also, Iran has renewed its interest and increased its presence in Latin America and throughout the Western Hemisphere. Iran’s Rouhani will be vis-iting Cuba and Venezuela in the up-coming week. We learned that the administration allowed the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Nonproliferation Act sanctions against Iran to sit on a desk during the negotiations, despite a legal mandate to provide these reports to Congress every 6 months. That was the law. It was ignored. Also, Russia announced that it has resumed the sale of S–300s to Iran. And just last month, Iran announced that it deployed these S–300s, Russian surface- to-air missiles, around its Fordow nu-clear site to safeguard it from attacks. The administration announced a $1.7 billion settlement on a 35-year dispute with Iran—conveniently the day after sanctions were lifted on its central bank. What a coincidence. And we learned that Iran plans to use this ran-som money for its military budget and for the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the IRGC, the Quds Force, meaning the U.S. taxpayers not only are on the hook for a ransom payment to Iran, but we are also subsidizing its nefarious activities. Where has this transparency been? When it comes to Iran and the nuclear deal, the JCPOA, there is an over-whelming sense that we are only begin-ning to scratch the surface of just how bad this deal really is. We need only to look back at what has happened with North Korea to understand the depth and the breadth of this failed Iranian policy because, as I keep repeating, Mr. Speaker, Iran has been following the North Korea playbook by the page, by the letter. And what have we just witnessed a few days ago? Well, North Korea just conducted its second nuclear detona-tion since the JCPOA—the Iran nuclear deal—was made, and it is its fifth deto-nation in the last 10 years. Mr. Speaker, the JCPOA has been a foreign policy disaster already, but the real ramifications are yet to come. Congress must take action. First, we must hold the administration account-able, and we must get the full truth be-hind the details of this JCPOA—the Iran nuclear deal—and the administra-tion’s Iran policy. The supposed most transparent ad-ministration in history has been any-thing but, going out of its way to stonewall and misdirect Congress and our oversight responsibilities on this flawed and dangerous nuclear deal. Second, Mr. Speaker, we must hold Iran accountable, and that means ex-tending sanctions, expanding sanc-tions, renewing sanctions, and pre-venting Iran from being able to con-tinue down this dangerous path. These are the actions that we must take in Congress, Mr. Speaker, and I stand ready to work with my col-leagues in a bipartisan manner to find the right way forward because Iran has not changed its stripes. 
f 
ZIKA IS A REAL THREAT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, it is almost as if the majority would prefer to go into the final stretch of the elec-tion season with fresh reminders of how dysfunctional things have become. No action on commonsense gun con-trol measures, no action on immigra-tion or climate change, no action on the Zika virus that is taking a huge toll in the United States and Puerto Rico and is poised to take an even big-ger one. Congress is still in denial that Zika is a real threat and that the next gen-eration of children could be exposed to the disease with dangerous and debili-tating birth defects. It is hard for me to articulate this out loud, but, in just a few weeks, the first group of children born with brain development and phys-ical problems associated with the dis-ease will be born in Puerto Rico. We are looking at more than 15,000 reported cases of Zika in Puerto Rico and more than 2,000 pregnant women. At the current pace, Zika will infect a quarter of the island in the next year. This is the first mosquito-borne disease that successfully infects children in the womb through the placenta. It can be sexually transmitted. Humans give Zika to mosquitoes and then go on to infect other humans. And Congress has the same response it has to almost everything—nothing. In this case, nothing flavored with a little partisan posturing over abortion in an election year. The issue for some people seems to be that we can fund re-search, prevention, and treatment as long as one of the most important proven and effective healthcare deliv-ery mechanisms for women is excluded because Planned Parenthood is on the Republican hit list. No matter that funding Planned Par-enthood in Puerto Rico or anywhere else would be the prudent use of Fed-eral funds if our goal is to prevent the spread of disease and prevent—that is prevent, not terminate—unwanted pregnancies during this crisis. Politics and elections always seem to trump good, sensible policies. So nothing yet from Congress, de-spite the pleas from the Obama admin-istration, the CDC, and the American people. But Congress is not the only place in denial about Zika. Having spent time talking to people on the island of Puerto Rico, the people are also complacent about this disease and the impact it will have. Many sus-pect that it is all hype from Wash-ington and yet another crisis to give the United States more control over the island of Puerto Rico. Given the island’s history, the point of view is not unreasonable that Con-gress just appointed an unelected con-trol board, or junta, to take control of the island’s government and finances. For decades, the United States used Puerto Rico, and especially the island of Vieques, for target practice for our military. And for more than a decade, the United States has been denying the health and environmental impact of that bombing, including cancer and other diseases that people on the island know are real because their relatives are dying. And back in my mother’s day, in the 1950s and the 1960s, family planning that came from the United States was forced sterilization. So I understand why people are skep-tical when so far it has been hard to demonstrate the consequences of the Zika virus and how it could make life any worse than it already is. But, again, in just a few weeks, when we see children born with mental and physical impairments, it will become clear that Zika is real. Puerto Rico must rise to the chal-lenge presented by Zika and bridge the deep ocean of distrust between the Puerto Rican people and the United States. That is why I spent a lot of my time over the past month meeting with public health experts, doctors, and sci-entists. Every one of them was Puerto Rican, not people sent from the U.S. Puerto Rico needs an integrated, com-prehensive mosquito vector control center that Puerto Ricans are coming together to discuss, so it can be created quickly. b1015 This is the mosquito tracking eradi-cation that is deployed when a disease is detected so that resources can be concentrated on a neighborhood or city if an infectious disease like Zika is present. You saw it work in Miami. Puerto Rico does not have access to contraception that you would expect in the 21st century, but Puerto Rican doc-tors, gynecologists, scientists, and ex-perts are also strategizing about how to make modern, effective, reversible family planning more widely available so that women can delay pregnancy. But while Puerto Ricans can drive the process of addressing Zika in Puer-to Rico—and this will lead to much 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Sep 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.003 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5343 September 13, 2016 
greater acceptance of those strategies by the Puerto Rican people and greater success in the long run—that does not get Congress off the hook. Puerto Rico, like the United States, needs this Congress to fund the Presi-dent’s request for funding and also for the Federal Government to do its job. In Puerto Rico, this includes the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency address-ing toxic landfills that dot the island, which are breeding grounds for mos-quitos but have been overlooked by the EPA. A generation of children in Puerto Rico and all over the United State are counting on the U.S. Congress to pro-tect them from the Zika virus, and I hope this Congress puts politics aside and rises to the occasion. They are American citizens on the island of Puerto Rico. They will be coming to the United States when they need health care. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the op-ed piece I wrote for The Hill newspaper on Zika and Puerto Rico. 
[Sept. 12, 2016] U.S. 
ANDPUERTO RICOMUSTCOOPERATE ON  Z
IKA (By Rep. Luis V. Gutie´rrez) The rapid spread of the Zika virus in Puer-to Rico is a very, very big problem for the U.S. and Puerto Rico but the colonial rela-tionship between the U.S. and Puerto Rico is making it a lot worse. The reason this mat-ter is so important to the United States—be-yond the obvious concern for the well-being of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico, of course—is that thousands of U.S. tourists and visitors go back and forth to Puerto Rico and thousands of Puerto Ricans leave the Island permanently for life in the U.S., driven out by the financial crisis gripping the Island. Zika is the first mosquito-borne virus known to cause birth-defects and to be sexually transmitted, so an outbreak of the magnitude that has already hit Puerto Rico is a public health crisis for the United States as well. If you talk to average Puerto Ricans on the Island as I often do, they are not experi-encing Zika as a big issue. They do not think the threat is real. Most people who are in-fected feel no symptoms and the negative consequences only affects pregnant women— or so most people think. Puerto Ricans, hav-ing lived with mosquito transmitted diseases for decades, have become immune to dire warnings from so-called experts and some are resigned to the false notion that nothing can be done. Even with 13,791 cases reported, an esti-mated 2,000 pregnant women already infected and a disease trajectory that indicates 20– 25% of the population will be affected this year, Puerto Rico has resisted guidance or help coming from Washington. Why? The colonial attitude of the U.S. to-wards Puerto Rico and the understandable response to such treatment effects the psy-che of the population. A half-century of Navy target practice bombing on the inhab-ited Island of Vieques (among other places in and around Puerto Rico) was followed by decades of U.S. government denials that can-cers and environmental destruction in Vieques were connected to the U.S. govern-ment’s actions. History is informative: Pre-vious public health interventions from Wash-ington included forced sterilization of women of my mother’s generation. This treatment as second-class (at best) citizens of the United States deeply impacts the Puerto Rican psyche, with long term effects. And this is helping Zika spread. Now, a control board imposed by the U.S. government through Congress’ PROMESA legislation is preparing to take over deci-sion-making that will determine the future of all Puerto Ricans living on the Island. Distrust of Washington is at an all-time high in Puerto Rico, based on my observations. And unfortunately, this is making it hard-er for health officials to do what needs to be done to control the Zika outbreak. Unlike in Miami, Florida, there was a swift and sharp backlash from Puerto Ricans when the idea of spraying Naled—an insecticide—was raised. The CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) sent a shipment to the Is-land in anticipation of the Island requesting help, but the backlash in local media ranged from basic environmental concerns all the way up to elaborate conspiracy theories that a fictitious colonial genocide of the Puerto Rican people was at hand. In reality, CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden has personally assured me that Naled is a pesticide used widely for a long time—in-cluding in Miami and other U.S. cities—with very few consequences for people. The con-sequences for the environment and other in-sects—including bees—can be minimized through sensible application of Naled. But, in this era of deep distrust, none of the facts are reassuring to Puerto Ricans. The Naled shipment, if it is still in Puerto Rico, re-mains unused. Due to years of random un-checked chemical pesticide use by private providers, mosquitos in Puerto Rico are highly resistant to common chemical strate-gies. Naled was one of the only effective op-tions currently available. Mosquitos breed quickly, bite quietly and thrive in urban and rural areas—sometimes hitting four or five people in a single meal—so the spread of the disease in Puerto Rico is happening astonish-ingly quickly. Part of the problem can be addressed if the CDC and Puerto Rico work together to build on the success they have had in addressing the Dengue Fever virus, another mosquito- borne disease that—like Chikungunya—has hit Puerto Rico hard. The CDC scientists have provided research and resources to com-bat Dengue for over 35 years. An important first step would be for Puer-to Rico to create an integrated, comprehen-sive mosquito control center, but given the financial crisis in Puerto Rico, this will only happen if the federal government funds it and the Puerto Rican people accept it. A group of international and local technical experts in vector control management met in San Juan in May of 2016 and came to this same conclusion. The potential to control and eliminate the Zika-carrying mosquito from Puerto Rico is possible with a well- funded mosquito control center that imple-ments an integrated comprehensive vector management approach using safe, effective and innovative strategies. Miami and every major U.S. jurisdiction has a vector control unit and Miami’s sprang into action to ad-dress the outbreak there, including spraying with Naled. Such a unit provides the infra-structure and expertise to address an out-break like Zika, manage its spread, and is constantly working to provide protection from mosquitoes that cause diseases like Dengue and Chilcungunya, which are en-demic in Puerto Rico. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) could help by addressing the crisis of more than two dozen toxic municipal land-fills that seem to be flying under EPA’s radar. These are breeding grounds for mos-quitos and the Island’s government needs help to address these hazards, as I and others have noted to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy. This must be combined with an investment to address the immediate needs of those in-fected and to help women avoid or delay pregnancy. Access to modern, effective, re-versible birth control has been late in com-ing to the public health system in Puerto Rico, but access is growing. Women’s repro-ductive health is a critical need, but for Re-publicans in Congress, contraception and women’s health care are lightning rods that tend to induce divisiveness or paralysis or both. The most important thing Congress can do is stop squabbling and fund the President’s request for a national strategy to fight Zika, which would include funding to help Puerto Rico address the 17 disease at ground zero. Doing nothing is what this Congress is good at, but there comes a time when Republican leaders need to put their country before their party—even in an election year—and let the resources and experts of the federal government fight this disease. Let us prevent as best we can an outbreak that will be tremendously costly in lives and hardship in the decades to come. Congress must act now. The CDC must be allowed to act now. The next generation, the future of Puerto Rico, is likely to be born with re-duced brain capacity, birth defects and a range of developmental disabilities. Let’s face it, in the arena of evolution—the mos-quitos are winning. Puerto Rico—and Puerto Ricans—must understand how serious this really is and address it aggressively with all tools at their disposal, including help from the federal government. We need to act in concert for the good of Puerto Rico and the United States. f 
MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, The Denver Post Editorial Board published a piece supporting the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646. Their endorsement joins 72 other pa-pers, including The Wall Street Jour-nal, The Washington Post, and the Na-tional Review. I thank my colleagues from Colorado, Representative M
IKE COFFMAN and S
COTT TIPTON , who were both cospon-sors of H.R. 2646. Their State, unfortu-nately, is all too familiar with the re-alities of mental illness and the trage-dies that come along when there is no treatment for those who suffer from it. In Colorado, every 8 hours, one per-son dies by suicide. Their suicide rate is one of the highest in the country. Sadly, Colorado has also witnessed more mentally troubled mass killers than most, including James Holmes, who, in 2012, took 12 innocent lives at a movie theater in Aurora; and Eric Har-ris and Dylan Klebold, who murdered 12 of their fellow students, one teacher, and went on to take their own lives at Columbine High School in 1999. Mental health and the tragedies that occur before treatment are not re-stricted to one State, however. The Denver Post recognizes this when they report that ‘‘more than 11 million adults suffer from a mental illness, and almost half of them do not seek treat-ment or cannot find it.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Sep 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.004 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5344 September 13, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, since the facts make it clear that major mental health reform is needed for our entire Nation, reform must be a priority for all elected Mem-bers of Congress on both sides of the Capitol, for we represent the entire Na-tion. The House heard the American peo-ple when we passed H.R. 2646 in July with overwhelming, near unanimous bipartisan support. If the Senate won’t listen to the House, or me, maybe they should listen to The Denver Post Edi-torial Board. They write: ‘‘One of the best attempts to improve America’s mental health crisis in dec-ades will stall if the U.S. Senate does not get its act together before it goes on another month-long break. Freshly back from vacation, senators should pass . . . Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act . . . the bill sailed through the House with overwhelming bipartisan support . . . its prospects in the Senate are murky . . . Congress is tantalizingly close to accomplishing something that will address the na-tion’s deplorable treatment of the men-tally ill. It should not fall victim to the hyperpartisan gun debate.’’ Mr. Speaker, if the Senate won’t lis-ten to The Denver Post, The Wall Street Journal, or The Washington Post, will they listen to the voice of the American people? We have the daily addition of 118 lives lost to suicide. Since September 1, it has been 1,400. Since the House passed the bill, over 8,000 people have died of suicide. There is also the daily addition of 959 families who join thou-sands mourning individuals with men-tal illness who have lost their life in one form or another. Since we passed the bill, the total lives lost is 65,212. More lives will be lost if we do not fix this broken mental health system that is so desperately in need of repair. It is time that the Senate listen to the voices of the millions who are crying out for help. And for today’s new total of 959 more lives, tomorrow is too late. Millions of Americans are pleading with the Senate: do not go home at the end of this month without passing a bill that the House can also pass and get signed into law. The Helping Fami-lies in Mental Health Crisis Act is just that law. We need the Senate to vote this week, not another day. Where there is help, there is hope. 
f 
NATIONAL LANDS AND MONUMENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss our national lands and monuments and explore both our ac-complishments and some of our future opportunities. As you know, the Antiquities Act was passed 110 years ago. Ten years later, in 1916, the National Park Sys-tem was created. And since then, there have been 151 national monuments cre-ated, 84 of them by Republican Presi-dents—the majority of those by Repub-lican Presidents—showing that this act and its impact is truly bipartisan and American in every sense. I would also like to call your atten-tion to the accomplishments of our current President, Barack Obama, whom historian Douglas Brinkley calls a Theodore Roosevelt for the 21st cen-tury, owing to his commitment to pre-serving our national heritage, pro-tecting our public places, and ensuring that, whether it is of importance be-cause of its value for wilderness, cul-tural, or historical impact, we are en-suring all Americans have a chance to enjoy and appreciate our heritage. I also rise today, Mr. Speaker, to sug-gest a way that the President can con-tinue this legacy and set the stage for the next 100 years. Castner Range, pictured behind me, in El Paso, Texas, is 7,000 acres in the heart of the Chihuahuan Desert rising into Rocky Mountain peaks that start at the southern end of that national mountain chain and has rare plant and animal species that distinguish it as a place worthy of preservation. Ending in 1966, Castner Range was used as a bombing range, but in the 50 years since then, it has been preserved in its natural state. This is an incred-ible opportunity to ensure that we pass on Castner Range and all that it means to us as a country to not just this gen-eration, but the generations that fol-low. Castner Range, beyond the rare plant and animal species, has 10,000 years of recorded human history. There are petroglyphs dating back to 8,000 years ago, literally showing the impressions that this land made on the first Ameri-cans who were neither U.S. citizens, Mexican citizens, or really had any citizenship at all. That is particularly poignant, given the fact that Castner Range is part of the world’s largest bi-national community. El Paso, with its sister city, Ciudad Juarez in southern New Mexico, join 3 million people of two countries, two cultures, two traditions, two languages and become one at this point. Further-more, El Paso, Texas, is 85 percent Mexican American and happens to be one of the poorest communities in our country. This is a chance for this President to open up public lands to ensure that we have access and participation by every-one in this country and to ensure that our national monument visitors reflect the communities and the growing, changing demographics in this coun-try. I also think that it is important to know that this community is unified in ensuring that we protect, preserve, and pass on Castner Range to future gen-erations. Twenty-seven thousand El Pasoans have signed letters to the President. Despite its relative poverty, $1.5 million has been raised by indi-vidual donors to complement whatever Federal investment is necessary. The largest school district has made a com-mitment to ensure that every fourth grader has access to Castner Range, should it be preserved, that it is part of their curriculum, and that they travel to Castner Range to explore and appre-ciate its wonder. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, here are some larger themes that the preservation of Castner Range could tie into. It is a cold war relic. It is also a former artil-lery site. Following the President’s re-cent travel to Laos, which saw more armaments rain down on it than any other part of the world, we have a chance to develop the model of how to turn former conflict sites into places of public use, into examples of peace, and into standards for preservation. That could happen in the United States, where we can set the world standard, and it can happen here at Castner Range. There are a few national monument ideas that I think make a lot of sense. There is the expansion of the Grand Canyon, Bears Ears, and Gold Butte. And then there is Castner Range. I think the President’s attention to these areas and the ability to offer ac-cess to more Americans to ensure ev-eryone has a chance to access our na-tional parks and national monuments and to set the standard for preserva-tion and the future of American cities is too good of an opportunity for this President to pass up. f 
AMERICA’S FINANCIAL OUTLOOK WORSENS WITH FY 2017 CR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I have given numerous House floor speeches warning of a looming and de-bilitating American insolvency and bankruptcy. In order to drive home the dangers, I have cited Greece, where young adult unemployment nears 50 percent, over-all unemployment approximates the worst America suffered during the Great Depression, and public pensions have been slashed by almost 50 percent. I have cited Venezuela, where infla-tion last year was 275 percent, is esti-mated at 720 percent this year, and deadly street and food riots are com-mon. I have cited Puerto Rico’s default on $70 billion in debt, credit rating cut to ‘‘junk bond status,’’ abysmal labor par-ticipation rate of less than 40 percent, and closure of over 100 schools. While House Republicans can boast that they helped cut the $1.3 trillion deficit that we inherited in 2011 to $439 billion in 2015, that boast now rings hollow. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the fiscal year 2016 deficit is ballooning by $151 billion, to $590 billion. Absent correction, the CBO warns that in 2024, America will embark on an unending string of trillion-dollar-a- year deficits. Absent correction, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Sep 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.005 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5345 September 13, 2016 
CBO warns that America’s debt service cost will increase within a decade by $464 billion per year, to roughly $712 billion per year—more than what America spends on national defense. Which begs the question: Where will the money for a $720 billion a year an-nual debt service payment come from? Mr. Speaker, America’s financially irresponsible conduct has caused both America’s Comptroller General and the Congressional Budget Office to repeat-edly warn in writing that America’s fi-nancial path is ‘‘unsustainable.’’ I agree with the Comptroller General and CBO warnings and I am convinced that, absent major changes in the eco-nomic understanding and backbone of Washington’s elected officials, a debili-tating American insolvency and bank-ruptcy is a certainty within three dec-ades, a probability within two decades, and a dangerous risk over the next 10 years. All of this brings us to the con-tinuing resolution spending bill that Congress will soon vote on. According to the CBO, this continuing resolution spending bill, plus so-called mandatory spending, increased Federal Govern-ment spending by $150 billion and blows fiscal year 2017 Federal Government spending through the $4 trillion mark— a new record high amount of spending. This CR spending bill ignores eco-nomic reality and fails to prudently re-strain Federal Government spending to reflect America’s tax revenue. This CR spending bill reflects Washington and special interest group greed and short-sightedness and continues the worst generational theft in American history by again breaking into our kids’ piggy banks and stealing money we don’t have and will never pay back, callously letting our children suffer the con-sequences. b1030 Mr. Speaker, economic principles don’t care if you are a family, a busi-ness, or a country. If you borrow more money than you can pay back, you go bankrupt. Americans are rightfully angry at Washington elected officials who are all too willing to sacrifice America’s future for today’s special in-terest campaign contributions. Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak for anyone else, but as for me, M
OBROOKS , from Alabama’s Fifth Congressional Dis-trict, I vote for financial responsibility and prosperity and against a debili-tating American bankruptcy, insol-vency, and resulting economic depres-sion. As such, and although this con-tinuing resolution admittedly spends money on lots of good things, I will vote against it because it is financially irresponsible. I will not vote for a de-bilitating insolvency and bankruptcy of America that will damage so many Americans for so many years to come. FUND THE ZIKA PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ) for 5 minutes. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today, at 12:30 p.m., I will be convening an emergency press conference from the U.S. Capitol on Zika. This is a bi-partisan press conference of Floridians, Democrats, and Republicans who are concerned about their State. Please join us. We will send out a clarion call to our fellow Members of Congress to help Floridians by passing a clean Zika bill—no riders, no poison pills, just a clean Zika bill. Our Governor, Gov-ernor Scott, will visit Congress tomor-row, and I hope he will urge Congress to act. Life is too precious, and we should not be playing political football with unborn children and whatever else science will reveal to us about Zika. There is so much yet to be discovered, but we do know this: we are gambling with the developing brain of an unborn fetus. Florida’s 24th Congressional District, which I proudly represent, is the epi-center of the Zika epidemic in Amer-ica. The district’s small boutique com-munity was where they discovered the first local mosquito-borne trans-mission. A travel advisory has been put in place to warn pregnant women against coming to this American neighborhood. This is the first time in a long time that an American city has received a travel advisory. It is hurting busi-nesses. It has a huge economic impact that is devastating to this robust busi-ness district in Miami. Tourism is down, restaurants are on the verge of closing, and the crowded tourist at-tractions are literally abandoned. This public health crisis has grown so serious that one of Florida’s major newspapers, the Miami Herald, has cre-ated a daily tracker to monitor the virus’ spread across our State. I spent most of our 7-week recess working to educate residents in my district about how to protect themselves against this terrible and rapidly spreading virus. Whip H
OYER joined me on an occasion. So Miami is the epicenter. It has evolved into an open laboratory where the CDC is working closely with local health officials and county officials. For weeks, a CDC response team has been on the ground in Miami working to control, contain, and defeat the virus and to educate the community on mosquito control. The CDC is literally using Miami to teach the Nation how to cope with the Zika virus. They have said to me: We have to use every tool in the toolbox, and that requires adequate funding. They have said: We cannot lose this battle; it is too dangerous. Deter-mining what works and what doesn’t work requires adequate funding. It is sexually transmitted, but how long does the virus live in semen? How long does the virus live in the blood? Should we stop blood donations in af-fected areas? The Zika virus has been found in tears and saliva. Research shows that it causes blindness and brain disorders and could cause Alzheimer’s in adults. So many questions. So many questions. We cannot afford to delay much- needed scientific research, but that re-quires adequate funding. We need re-sources to help develop a vaccine, to develop medications to stymie the virus. We need resources to find out how long it takes for a pregnant woman to get results from her Zika test. They need to determine how long the Zika virus lives in the body. The fever, the chills we can deal with, but we can’t gamble with the de-veloping brain of an unborn fetus. The bottom line is: the threat of Zika is grave to pregnant women. There are so many unanswered ques-tions, and it requires funding. We need a clean Zika bill—no poison pills, no riders, just a bill addressing the Zika virus. Many people who live in Florida are living in fear because there is so much more to be learned about the virus. It is my State now, my beautiful State of Florida. There are 27 of us serving in the House. Many of us have taken votes to help you when your State needed help. I ask you today, my col-leagues, to help my State, my district. And please note, this epidemic has al-ready begun to start in other States. We cannot pretend it does not exist. Please bring a clean bill to the floor. The people of America are depending on each of us. The unborn children of America are depending on each of us. Let’s put our children’s future first. Mosquitoes carrying Zika must be dealt with now, and that requires the political will to do the right thing. f 
NOMINATIONS FOR U.S. SERVICE ACADEMIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, one of the most meaningful things a Member of Congress does is nominate some of the best and bright-est students from our congressional district to serve our Nation’s service academies. U.S. service academy graduates re-ceive a first-rate undergraduate edu-cation with options to pursue advanced degrees. They spend a minimum of 5 years serving their country on Active Duty as a military officer and are pro-vided with an education and experience that will provide a world of career op-portunities. The full 4-year scholarship is valued at more than $350,000, which includes tuition, room and board, medical and dental care, and also a monthly salary. Students learn discipline, moral ethics, and teamwork in a structured environ-ment that fosters leadership and char-acter development. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Sep 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.006 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5346 September 13, 2016 
Last year, I had the privilege of nominating 20 high school seniors for admission to one or more academies. Half of the young men and women that I nominated received admission to at least one service academy. Calling each nominee in my district, as I am doing here, to tell them that they have been selected to these pres-tigious institutions was one of the most special moments of my freshman year in Congress. I hope to make many more phone calls this year. This is a picture of me calling Drew Polczynski last year to tell him he had been ac-cepted to West Point. If you are highly motivated, looking for a challenge in your life, and want to serve your country, I hope you will consider attending a U.S. Service Acad-emy. I will be hosing information sessions throughout my district this year. These sessions are a great opportunity for students to explore the possibility of attending one of several prominent academic institutions and meet with admissions representatives. I hope stu-dents and their family will attend these events throughout the Second Congressional District. If you are interested in a congres-sional nomination, please contact my office in Charleston at (304) 925–5964, or my office in Martinsburg at (304) 264– 8810, and ask for the individual who oversees academy applications. 
HUMANITARIAN CRISIS IN SYRIA  
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend I met with members of the Syrian community in Charleston, West Virginia, to discuss ways that the Federal Government can help the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Syria. This is us meeting. In particular, we discussed H.R. 5732, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016. The bill would hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes. The bill would impose sanctions on individuals who do busi-ness with dictator al-Assad’s brutal re-gime and would require the President to publish a list of people who are complicit in the grave human rights violations that have occurred and con-tinue to unfold in Syria. Despite promises and agreements to the contrary, chemical weapons are still being used regularly by the Assad regime in Syria. We cannot look the other way while innocent children are murdered. I am a proud cosponsor of this crit-ical bill, and I thank my colleagues, Congressman E
LIOT ENGEL and Chair-man E
DROYCE , for introducing it. I en-courage the leadership here in the House to bring the bill to the floor for a vote immediately. The innocent Syrian people have suf-fered enough. The current civil war has resulted in 4 million refugees and near-ly 500,000 killed. My mother fled Fidel Castro’s Com-munist Cuba after being unjustly thrown in jail by Fidel Castro’s tyran-nical Communist regime. We must pro-tect persecuted individuals who have no one to stand up for them. f 
ENSURING SAFETY, QUALITY, AND RELIABILITY FOR OUR VET-ERANS WITH PHYSICAL DISABIL-ITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3471, the Veterans Mobility Safety Act, a bill I am proud to cosponsor. This legislation would set minimum stand-ards for any individual or company in-stalling or selling mobility products to veterans through a Department of Vet-erans Affairs equipment program. These products are used by disabled veterans to increase their mobility and their overall quality of life, but the VA does not currently require vendors who make or repair the products to meet a certain level of certification. Stand-ards in this legislation would help guarantee safety, quality, and reli-ability. It is critical that our veterans who have given so much for our country have the best available equipment to accommodate any physical disability. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
SUPPLYING STUDENTS WITH SKILLS BUSINESSES  
NEED  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5587, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act, a bill I am proud to cospon-sor; and I wish to recognize my col-league from Pennsylvania, G.T. Thompson, for his work on that bill. This bipartisan legislation would pro-vide State and local educators with greater control and flexibility with re-spect to career and technical education programs; and it takes an important step in closing the skills gap faced by American employers and manufactur-ers. In order to succeed in the modern workforce, students need to emerge with the skills that State and local businesses need. The Strengthening Ca-reer and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act does just that, en-couraging greater student involvement in work-based learning and, in the classroom, emphasizing the develop-ment of employability skills and the importance of attaining credentials. As co-chair of the 21st Century Skills Caucus, I have been working on legisla-tion with similar goals, and I am very proud to see provisions I have advo-cated for included in this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
HALTING TAX INCREASES  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act. This leg-islation would put taxpayers’ hard- earned dollars back into their own pockets. It would lower the required percentage of income that must be spent to qualify for a tax deduction for medical costs. Americans should be able to deduct high-cost medical expenses, and this legislation would reduce the required percentage from 10 percent to 7.5 per-cent of adjusted gross income. I urge my colleagues to support this bill to provide middle class families and seniors with deserved tax relief, as they have already had to spend a sig-nificant amount of their income on these expenses. b1045 RICHLAND BOROUGH CELEBRATES 100 YEARS  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Richland Borough, Lebanon County, of my district, on 110 years of incorpora-tion. On September 17, 1906, Richland be-came its own municipality, breaking from Millcreek Township, gaining its name from the fertile soil in the area. Richland is home to the inventor of the air pump used by Henry Ford on the Model T and will celebrate this and the rest of its impressive history this weekend. I wish to also recognize the Lebanon Daily News for a great article on the history of Richland Borough. Gary Althaus of the Richland Heritage Soci-ety and many others have been orga-nizing a series of events that will take place this upcoming Saturday. A little bit more brief history: Au-gust 9, 1906, the citizens of Richland held a public meeting on the subject of the advantages of a borough. On Au-gust 12, the plan was put in circulation, and by 11 p.m., it had 50 signatures. Then on August 16, 1906, Mr. Holstein took the petition to the county court-house and presented it before the court, and on September 17, the pre-siding judge granted the charter. On February 25, 1907, the first Richland Borough Council meeting was orga-nized at the Union House, which then became the place of many meetings, in-cluding borough council meetings thereafter. Congratulations to Richland Borough and all its residents. I am very proud to represent you in the United States Congress. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. BILL HOGARTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Bill Hogarth, a former director of our Nation’s Na-tional Marine Fisheries Services. Dr. Hogarth recently retired as director of the Florida Institute of Oceanography based at the University of South Flor-ida in St. Petersburg. Not only do I recognize Dr. Hogarth on his retire-ment, but also on two honors that he recently received. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Sep 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.008 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5347 September 13, 2016 
First, the American Fisheries Soci-ety last month honored Dean Ho-garth—as he is known to so many— with the Carl R. Sullivan Fishery Con-servation Award, one of our Nation’s premier awards in fisheries sciences. The award recognizes Dean Hogarth’s long career and leadership in pre-serving some of the world’s most threatened marine species. It recog-nizes his passionate advocacy for envi-ronmental protections and his role in leading Florida’s scientific response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010. The second honor for Dean Hogarth in early September was bestowed upon him by the University of South Flor-ida’s Board of Trustees when it voted to name its newest research vessel in his namesake to recognize Dean Hogarth’s passionate pursuit of funding for a new boat to replace the university system’s more than 40-year-old re-search vessel. For those of my colleagues who have had the opportunity to work with and meet Dean Hogarth over his long ca-reer, you know of his humble nature, his laugh, and, most notably, his deep southern drawl. You also know of his spirited passion for all issues related to fisheries and the oceans. Dean Hogarth’s first job was as a bi-ologist and manager of ecological pro-grams for Carolina Power & Light, and he later served as director of the North Carolina Division of Marine Fisheries. His national and international stat-ure grew in 1994, when he joined the National Marine Fisheries Service where he rose from a regional leader to be appointed by President George W. Bush to serve as the agency’s director from 2001 to 2007. Recognizing his lead-ership on national and international fisheries issues at a most critical junc-ture for the commercial and rec-reational fishing industries, President Bush appointed Dean Hogarth to rep-resent our Nation as U.S. Commis-sioner and Chairman of both the Inter-national Whaling Commission and the International Commission for Con-servation of the Atlantic. During his tenure as director of NMFS, Dr. Hogarth worked with this Congress to update Federal fisheries laws to rebuild U.S. fisheries and set the recreational and commercial fish-ing industries on a new and sustainable course. In 2007, Dr. Hogarth retired from Federal service and joined the University of South Florida as interim dean, and then dean of the College of Marine Science in St. Petersburg. Recognizing his leadership skills, Dr. Hogarth was then appointed in January 2011 as director of the Florida Institute of Oceanography, a consortium of more than 30 scientific and educational insti-tutions across Florida. The USF presi-dent then called upon Dean Hogarth’s leadership skills once again and asked him to assume a dual role, adding to his responsibilities the job of regional chancellor of USF-St. Petersburg from August 2012 to June 2013. USF and the Florida Institute of Oceanography made national and inter-national headlines following the 2010 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig. Dr. Hogarth led a scientific re-sponse that focused on the immediate aftermath of the spill, including the path of the oil plume both above the water and in the Gulf’s deepest reaches and currents. It focused also on the im-pact of the spill on fisheries and other wildlife and the response of the re-search community in the five-State re-gion to address short- and long-term environmental concerns. One of his final acts as director of the Institute of Oceanography before his official retirement on July 31 was to work with the Florida State legisla-ture, our Governor, the university, and the city of St. Petersburg to secure funding to replace the 40-year-old Re-search Vessel Bellows. This ship, man-aged by the Institute of Oceanography, is a great resource to faculty and stu-dents alike, giving them invaluable as-sets to the Gulf of Mexico and other re-search waterways in pursuit of their studies. The new ship will now be named rightfully the RV William T. Hogarth and will continue to provide a path to sea for thousands of Florida students and educators. Dean Hogarth will always be known to me as an educator. It is personal to me because he serves as a key advisory on fisheries issues that are so critical to our State and to our community. I will always call him Dean, as will so many others, and we look forward to his continued counsel in retirement. Mr. Speaker, I hope that my col-leagues will join me in thanking a most special person who has dedicated much of his career to one of the great interests of our Nation: our fisheries, our marine sciences, and our oceans. Dr. Hogarth is a national champion of our Nation’s critical assets, our oceans. It is an honor for me to recognize him today, and I ask my colleagues to do the same. We wish him very well in re-tirement and we thank him for his service. 
f 
HURRICANE IKE ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today marks 8 years since Hurricane Ike made landfall over Galveston, Texas. This Category 4 storm ripped through communities in the city of Galveston and Galveston County, mak-ing its way inland through the Houston region. The storm caused over 100 fa-talities, washed away homes, flooded communities, and shut down much of the region’s energy production. In total, this hurricane cost $37.5 billion nationwide, making it the third cost-liest hurricane in United States his-tory. Even though Hurricane Ike caused extensive damage, we know it could have been much worse. The effects of another major hurri-cane on the Houston region and our Na-tion would absolutely be devastating. Over 6 million people call this area home, and many of them work in crit-ical economic sectors like health care and energy refining. The impact would be felt in every congressional district across the country. For example, ac-cording to reports published imme-diately after Hurricane Ike made land-fall, gas prices spiked between 30 and 60 cents per gallon across many States due to the disruption in energy produc-tion in the Houston region. We do not know, Mr. Speaker, when the next big storm will hit our shores, which is why it is of paramount impor-tance for Congress, the Federal Gov-ernment, and our State to prioritize funding for coastal protection along the Texas coast. Progress on a com-prehensive Federal evaluation of our coastal vulnerabilities is long overdue. I am grateful, Mr. Speaker, that the Texas General Land Office and the Army Corps of Engineers are moving forward in partnership on the Coastal Texas Protection and Restoration Study. Once completed, this study will make the case for coastal infrastruc-ture projects that would qualify for Federal dollars and would protect our vulnerable coastal communities, our energy infrastructure, maritime indus-tries, and, most importantly, major population centers. I am doing everything I can, Mr. Speaker, to make sure a Federal study of our coast is completed expedi-tiously. Along with Senator CORNYN , I have introduced the COAST Act, which is actually the Corps’ Obligation to As-sist in Safeguarding Texas Act. If en-acted, this legislation would require the Army Corps to take into consider-ation existing studies and data already available to help expedite the Federal Government’s work. This legislation would also immediately authorize any projects should they be justified. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to work with all relevant Federal, State, and local leaders to expedite Federal work to protect the Texas Gulf Coast from dangerous storms. This is a critical Federal interest and should be a na-tional priority. Mr. Speaker, you know that is right. 
f 
COMBATING DRUG EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, earlier this summer, I was proud to vote in favor of a package of bills intended to crack down on the epidemic of heroin use and opioid abuse across our Nation. I was even happier to see that legislation pass the House and Senate with broad bipartisan sup-port before being signed into law by the President. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act will help make grant funding available to State and local governments, create a task force to re-view physician prescribing guidelines 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Sep 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.009 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5348 September 13, 2016 
and make sure babies born opioid-de-pendent receive quality care. While this is a step in the right direc-tion, I continue to be impressed by the efforts of community members in my district to help turn the tide against this epidemic. Townhall meetings have been held across Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District in places such as Brad-ford, McKean County; and Ridgway, Elk County. Another meeting is planned for this evening in Centre County. These meetings, along with hearings held across the State by the Pennsylvania House Majority Policy Committee, are great steps in the bat-tle against drugs and saving lives. 
PROVIDING OPPORTUNITIES  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, later today on this House floor, we will be considering what I would very accurately describe as an opportunity bill. We hear the media talk about how in the middle of this campaign election season that Congress really is not pro-ductive. I would argue to the contrary, and I point to this bill. It is a bill I am very proud of. Mr. Speaker, we all know individuals in our communities, perhaps in our own families, who are in need of oppor-tunity. We probably know young peo-ple who, as they go off this time of year to school, are not inspired. Maybe their heads are on their desk. They don’t learn in the typical fashion that traditional education teaches of lec-ture and classrooms, but if you put them in an environment where they can use their hands and do applied aca-demics—career and technical education training—they are inspired, they look forward to getting out of bed in the morning, and they excel. We probably all know people—per-haps we are related to folks—who find themselves this morning stuck in un-employment. As we gathered around the breakfast table, they were gathered around the breakfast table just trying to figure out how to make ends meet since they have lost their job for what-ever reasons, probably no fault of their own, and they need a strategy to be able to get back on their feet. They need a strategy to be able to provide for their families. A greater oppor-tunity is what they are seeking. We probably know folks as well—cer-tainly people who we serve and people in our communities—who have been stuck in the web of poverty for genera-tions, intergenerational poverty, with no exit ramp and with no exit strategy. This opportunity bill today is one that I encourage all of my colleagues to support. The culture today has so much emphasis on the theory that peo-ple need a 4-year degree to be success-ful in this country. However, we have a huge gap of technical and vocational jobs that are good-paying jobs and fam-ily-sustaining jobs that aren’t being filled. Job creators cannot find individ-uals who are qualified and trained to be able to fill those positions. I call that the skills gap. Today we can take a tre-mendous step in closing the skills gap. I have introduced a bill that will be considered on the floor today, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, which, incidentally, is scheduled later today for a vote. This legislation reau-thorizes and modernizes—more impor-tantly, modernizes—the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act to help more Americans enter the workforce with the skills necessary to compete and succeed in high-wage, high-demand careers. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. It starts career awareness earlier recog-nizing that kids have access to tech-nology and will begin to provide career and technical education awareness in the lower middle schools. It brings business and industry to the table so when we invest and do offer career and technical education training, it leads to a job at the end of the day, whether it is a result of a certificate earned, a credential that is provided, or training that is completed, and it serves indi-viduals of all ages. So I just ask and encourage my col-leagues to join me in supporting the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act on this House floor later today. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Wayne Lomax, The Foun-tain of New Life, Miami Gardens, Flor-ida, offered the following prayer: God, we thank You for the men and women who serve as Members of the United States Congress. Though we have many needs in our Nation—better schools, better jobs, safer streets, fairer laws, better health care, and peaceful relationships with our neighbors at home and our neigh-bors abroad—today, we pause to pray for each other. It is easy to forget that back home our Congressmen and -women have daughters who dance, sons who sing, mothers with mild strokes, fathers who slip and fall, siblings who struggle with addiction, and neighbors in homeless shelters, while our spouses and signifi-cant others hold down the fort. We acknowledge that alongside our hopes and dreams are our personal struggles and fears—even our short-comings and our sins. So, as Jesus taught us, forgive us our debts and give us our daily bread. Bless us with good sense and humble hearts as we serve to Your honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. LANGEVIN led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND WAYNE LOMAX The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to welcome the very gra-cious and accomplished Pastor Wayne Lomax to the House floor as our guest chaplain. Pastor Lomax is the founder and sen-ior pastor of the mega church, The Fountain of New Life, located in Miami Gardens, Florida. He is also a proud member of the 5000 Role Models of Ex-cellence Project, a mentoring program for boys of color. Nearly 20 years ago, in his living room, with just 8 people, Pastor Lomax founded The Fountain of Pembroke Pines, now The Fountain of New Life. Today, it is one of the largest churches in Florida and is an indispensable com-munity partner. The church’s humble beginnings and continuous growth are testaments to Pastor Lomax’s unwavering leadership and strong faith. He is truly a man of all seasons—a true man of God who tackles issues, including hunger, pov-erty, and crime, in the Miami-Dade County community. Pastor Lomax also served as pastor of the York Street Baptist Church in Louisville, Kentucky, and as assistant pastor of the Mount Olive Baptist Church in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He graduated from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and The Southern Baptist Theological Semi-nary. He is the proud husband of his beau-tiful wife, Teresa. They have three beautiful children: Christopher, Marcus, and LeReine. Mr. Speaker, I ask everyone to join me in thanking Pastor Lomax for lead-ing today’s opening prayer and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Sep 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.011 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5349 September 13, 2016 
thank him for his outstanding service to the south Florida community. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
IBBLE ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speech-es on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MISS AMERICA SAVVY SHIELDS (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize your new Miss America, our very own Miss Arkansas, Savvy Shields. On Sunday night, Savvy became the third Miss Arkansas—and the second from the Third District of Arkansas— to win this prestigious title, receiving a preliminary talent award as well. Savvy will spend her year of service traveling across the Nation as an advo-cate for not only her charitable plat-form of ‘‘Eat Better, Live Better,’’ but also the Children’s Miracle Network. In this way, Savvy will continue her work as an advocate for healthy eating as a way to dramatically change health outcomes in our communities. I speak on behalf of the Third Dis-trict and the State of Arkansas in con-gratulating Savvy on representing her hometown of Fayetteville, the Univer-sity of Arkansas, and the entire ‘‘Nat-ural State’’ so well on the national stage. I would like to also congratulate Savvy’s parents, Todd and Karen Shields, on the beginning of what will truly be a remarkable year. Savvy will represent all of us with the grace, poise, and confidence that earned her this crown. Congratula-tions, Savvy, Miss America 2017. 
f 
PERKINS CONSIDERATION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, in July, the Education and the Workforce Committee unanimously reported H.R. 5587, Strengthening CTE—or, its full name, Career and Technical Edu-cation—for the 21st Century Act. Later today, the full House will consider it here on the floor. I am so proud to be an original co-sponsor of this bipartisan bill that re-authorizes important career and tech-nical education programs to reflect the demands of the modern economy. I par-ticularly want to salute and recognize my colleague and partner in this effort, G.T. T
HOMPSON from Pennsylvania, and also K
ATHERINE CLARK from Massachu-setts, for their efforts. This bill makes important investments in skills, train-ing, and career exploration. H.R. 5587 expands two of my long-standing priorities: the role of school counselors in helping students find a career path that best fits their skill and access to work-based learning to bridge the gap between the classroom and the workplace. Students will be able to tailor their classes to learn the skills that they know employers are looking for. It is time to close the skills gap and give students the tools to succeed. I want to also commend the chair-man and ranking member of the full committee and all those who had a hand in bringing the bill to the floor that we will be voting on later today. f 
THE OBAMA LEGACY: A HEROIN AND OPIOIDS CRISIS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, The Washington Examiner has released the newest part of a series: ‘‘The Obama legacy—A raging problem with heroin and opioids.’’ Last year, the President announced a new effort to address the new public health crisis. This week, The Wash-ington Examiner revealed: ‘‘ . . . the crisis had been building for five years at that point, and critics say Obama’s reactions were too little and too late. Some say his government even contributed to the crisis by ap-proving painkillers liable to abuse. . . . ‘‘Prescription painkiller and heroin overdose deaths have risen to all-time highs. From 2009–2014, the rate of over-dose deaths from heroin abuse in-creased by 240 percent. . . . ‘‘When you add painkiller overdose deaths to the heroin numbers, the rate of overall deaths increased 25 percent from 2009. . . . ‘‘In 2014, more than 14,000 people died of overdoses, the biggest total since the CDC began collecting data in 1999.’’ This is a failing legacy of destruction of families. I am grateful that Congress acted to address the opioid crisis, passing the bipartisan Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, enabling local com-munities to develop local solutions. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations, Miss South Caro-lina, Rachel Wyatt of Clemson, first runner-up for Miss America. 
f 
WE NEED ACTION (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the water crisis in my hometown of Flint con-tinues: a population of 100,000 people who, a year after this crisis, became well known, became public, and still can’t drink their water. In Flint—just so my colleagues un-derstand—a year later, people are still drinking from bottled water because of callous actions by the State govern-ment that led to the poisoning of a population of 100,000 people. Flint is a community in absolute cri-sis, facing a disaster, and you would ex-pect there would have been immediate action, despite the fact that I have come to this podium time and time again. I have filed legislation. I have spoken to Members. I have spoken to leadership. And what do we get? A cou-ple of hearings, and a lot of sympathy. We need action. The people of Flint deserve a response to this crisis that is equal to the gravity of the crisis. We have a way to get it done. A bipartisan bill that is moving through the Senate includes help for Flint. We need to take up this legislation, just like we need to take up legislation to deal with Zika and opioids and everything else. It is beyond my comprehension that this crisis could continue and we have yet to take action in the House of Rep-resentatives to address it. f 
RECOGNIZING JOSEPH BROAM, GEORGIA NATIONAL GUARD (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Savannah, Georgia’s Specialist Joseph Broam of the Georgia National Guard and a stu-dent at Armstrong State University. Specialist Broam was chosen to rep-resent the entire Army National Guard at the U.S. Army Best Warrior Com-petition. I am incredibly proud of Specialist Broam’s accomplishment and could not be more enthusiastic for his final com-petition, starting September 26. To qualify for the championship competi-tion, Specialist Broam completed and succeeded at the brigade, State, re-gional, and national levels. Each com-petition was extremely physically and mentally straining. During the national competition, participants ran more than 4 miles over rough terrain, completed a de-manding obstacle course, and navi-gated land during day and night. I rise today to congratulate Spe-cialist Joseph Broam for his accom-plishment, and I wish him the best of luck on September 26. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF STEWART LEVY (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the life and legacy of Stewart Levy, a wonderful and warm humanitarian, a Buffalo civic leader, and my friend. Stewart Levy’s love of family, friends, and community was al-ways on display—clearly evident—and always inspiring. Mr. Levy first came to Buffalo to work in a local recording industry. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.012 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5350 September 13, 2016 
quickly established himself as a leader and fixture in that industry. He would host at his home, as overnight guests, the likes of Frankie Avalon, Sammy Davis, Jr., and Pat Boone. Mr. Levy ran for mayor of Buffalo in 1973, as a Republican in a heavily Democratic Buffalo. Though unsuccess-ful, his campaign tagline, ‘‘For the Love of Buffalo,’’ reflected Stewart’s pride and civic purpose. He inspired ev-eryone he touched. He was charismatic and kind, interested and interesting, and insatiably curious. His mind and his enthusiasm never aged. I remember thinking the last time I saw and visited with him that Stewart Levy was gifted with that rare qual-ity—so rare—that made you look for-ward to the next opportunity you had to see and visit with him again. To Stewart’s wife, Faye, and sons, Jordy and Mitchell, thank you for sharing him with us. Stewart Levy will be missed, but there will always be light and inspiration to guide us from the love and friendship that he gave us. 
f 
AMERICA SUPPORTS HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, during a time when our Na-tion seems so divided, polarized, and unable to come together on any issue, there is one thing on which most of America agrees, by policy, politics, and polling. In April, a national mental health survey found that 86 percent of Ameri-cans support the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. When it comes to mental health, Democrats, Republicans, and Independents agreed that H.R. 2646 is the answer. In July, the House followed Amer-ica’s call and came to pass the bill 422– 2 to provide more hospital beds, more psychiatrists, psychologists, and re-form our broken system. Now, the American people wait for the Senate to join us in passing this badly needed legislation. Millions of Americans are saying: please do not leave Washington with-out passing the bill so that the House can concur and we can get it signed into law. Every day they don’t, 959 new families mourn the loss of a loved one who suffered from mental illness. And every day, 118 families mourn a new death by suicide. Every day the Senate waits, we delay reform. Pass H.R. 2646. Where there is help, there is hope. 
f 
b1215 A BETTER WAY TO IMPROVE HEALTH CARE (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, as any hard-working American knows, health in-surance costs and regulations impact all of us on a daily basis. Americans need patient-centered solutions to ad-dress our healthcare system’s key problems, and House Republicans have a better way than the so-called Afford-able Care Act to improve health care. Our plan gives Americans more con-trol and more choices. It makes sure they never have to worry about being turned away or having their coverage taken away, regardless of age, income, medical conditions, or circumstances. Our plan clears out the bureaucracy to accelerate the development of life-saving devices and therapies, and it protects Medicare for today’s seniors and preserves the program for future generations. This reform can’t come soon enough. According to a report by the Kaiser Family Foundation, most North Caro-linians are projected to have just one insurer’s plan to choose from in the 2017 Federal individual health ex-change. I will not rest until ObamaCare is re-pealed and we have returned control of medical decisions to doctors and their patients. f 
THE CLANKING BAGS OF FILTHY LUCRE TO IRAN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing negotiations with the criminal Ayatollah, the U.S. paid Iran, the world’s largest state sponsor of terror, a $400 million ransom to free hostages. Shockingly, the administration now has made two additional payments, to-taling $1.3 billion. Speculation is our government may have used underhanded and sneaky tac-tics, multiple hard currencies, and pre-cious metals to hide the filthy lucre from Americans. The government’s payments of bags of clanking coins to the outlaw nation will not go to build roads and bridges and hospitals. Instead, it is going to Iran’s corrupt military and helping radical terrorists continue to spread murder and aggression. Illusionaries say that the Iranian nu-clear bribe deal will help us live to-gether in peace and harmony. Peace is not what the rogue nation wants. They want death to America. Why did our government pay off the Ayatollah to preach hate and prepare for war? We don’t need to pay Iran to hate us. They will do it for free. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO ADDRESS THE ZIKA PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, here we are debating various issues. Soon we will be going into debate on veterans bills, on tax cut bills. Yet this body has con-tinually failed to act on addressing the Zika health crisis that has already im-pacted over 3,000 Americans in States like Texas and Florida, and it will only continue to get worse until we put the resources we need into our public health to prepare vaccinations, to deal with mosquito control. This is the type of issue that doesn’t solve itself. And it is amazing that, when people look to the United States Congress for leadership, rather than acting on funding Zika, months after the initial request by the President of the United States, we continue to dis-cuss topics which are not going to be-come law, bills that would be vetoed if they pass the Senate, won’t pass the Senate, and, obviously, don’t address the immediate public health crisis that is affecting thousands of Americans and will affect even more until this body decides to address it. f 
CONGRATULATING THE STATE COLLEGE SPIKES ON THEIR NEW YORK-PENN LEAGUE CHAMPION-SHIP (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late the players, coaches, and staff of the State College Spikes on their 2–1 win over Hudson Valley last night to capture the New York-Penn League Championship. The New York-Penn League is a Class A Short Season baseball league which includes teams from across Pennsylvania, New York, Maryland, Massachusetts, Ohio, Vermont, West Virginia, and Connecticut. The championship represents the end of a great season for State College. The team set a regular season club record for wins at 50. Tommy Edman, a draft pick of the St. Louis Cardinals in June, also set the Spikes’ single season runs scored record with 61. Earlier this year, I had the chance to meet with the members of the Spikes’ management in my office here in Washington, D.C., and I was happy to have the opportunity to learn more about the organization and their play-ers. I know how much the team contrib-utes to the community and to the economy of State College. I wish them the best of success next year. 
f 
CONDEMNING NICARAGUA’S RE-PRESSIVE ACTIONS AND HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the repressive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.014 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5351 September 13, 2016 
actions and human rights abuses per-petrated by Daniel Ortega in Nica-ragua. Ortega has forced the Nica-raguan Supreme Court to not recognize the leaders of two opposition political parties. He has removed 28 deputies and alternates from the National Assem-bly. He has chosen his wife to be his running mate in the upcoming illegit-imate elections in order to continue the Ortega dynasty and has sent his thugs to break up peaceful marches by Nicaraguan civil society, who are de-manding inclusive elections with inter-national and domestic observers. Mr. Speaker, there must be con-sequences for these actions, and that is why I introduced the bill, H.R. 5708, the NICA Act, alongside my friend Con-gressman A
LBIO SIRES of New Jersey, to ensure that the United States will oppose any loans to this decrepit re-gime. We must show the Nicaraguan people that we stand with them in solidarity and support their efforts to convene free, fair, and transparent elections. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND MEMORY OF OFFICER BRADLEY M. FOX (Mr. MEEHAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and memory of Officer Bradley M. Fox of the Plym-outh Township of Pennsylvania Police Department. Four years ago today, on the eve of his 35th birthday, Brad was shot and killed in the line of duty. He died pro-tecting the community and the coun-try he served, first as a United States Marine with two tours of combat duty in Iraq, then for 7 years as a Plymouth Township Police Officer. Brad was a cop’s cop. He was re-spected by his colleagues for his profes-sionalism, and he was admired for his love for life, his love of sports, and, particularly, his love for his growing family. Brad leaves behind his wife, Lynsay, and his daughter, Kadence, and a son, Brad, Jr., born just months after his fa-ther’s tragic death. He left behind friends and family who loved him and cherished his memory, and a commu-nity that will be forever grateful for his sacrifice. Semper fi, Brad, and thank you for your life and your service. 
f 
CELEBRATING PATRIOT WEEK (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating what makes our Nation the greatest country in the world by recognizing Patriot Week, currently going on this week. My reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 58, does just that. This is a cause that is very close to my heart, as I have always been in awe of the work of our Founding Fathers. In fact, when I was the Senate major-ity leader of Michigan in 2009, we be-came the first legislative body to rec-ognize Patriot Week. Since then, events have spread to at least 10 States, where people of all ages have reflected on the work of great Ameri-cans who furthered the cause of liberty and our founding principles. Patriot Week formally begins on Sep-tember 11, paying tribute to those who lost their lives in the terrorist attacks of 9/11, and ends on September 17, by celebrating Constitution Day. Each day focuses on a different set of Amer-ican values, people, and our most pre-cious founding documents. Mr. Speaker, in this time when our Nation has become so divided, we must renew our American spirit and let it endure for generations to come. We are blessed to live in the greatest Nation on Earth, and we owe it to all of the brave men and women who paved the way for us to get here. I urge my colleagues to join me in participating in Patriot Week and sup-porting my resolution, H. Con. Res. 58. f 
DAR CONSTITUTION WEEK (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, on September 17, 1787, the United States Constitution was signed by 39 inspired men who changed the course of history. As a nation, we celebrate Constitu-tion Week from September 17 to Sep-tember 23 this year to remember the legacy and freedoms we all enjoy. The signing of the Constitution 229 years ago created a Republic that has with-stood the test of time and that has proven that it was destined for great-ness. To this day, the United States Con-stitution stands as a testament to the tenacity of Americans throughout his-tory to establish justice, to ensure do-mestic tranquility, to provide for the common defense, to promote the gen-eral welfare, and to secure the bless-ings of liberty. The Constitution has withstood the test of the Civil War, the Great Depression, and many other challenges. We are blessed to live in a nation where we can all pursue happiness and safety and freedom, and I ask my col-leagues to join me and the Daughters of the American Revolution in cele-brating the Constitution and what it has done for each and every American during Constitution Week. 
f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE PER-KINS CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION PROGRAM (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5587, which reau-thorizes the Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education program through the year 2022. Career and technical education pro-grams help provide the vocational training needed to ensure our students have the technical skills to engage the world with the technology of today and tomorrow. This reauthorization does more than provide funding for the next 5 years. It also gives structural changes to de-crease the burden on local districts and increase engagement with local busi-nesses and higher education partners. More importantly, H.R. 5587 puts up additional barriers between politicians and students, preventing Sacramento and Washington from interfering with our educators. Mr. Speaker, not every student is bound for college, but every student should leave high school with the knowledge and skills necessary to join today’s workforce and have all the op-tions available to them. 
f 
OUR DEALINGS WITH IRAN ARE A THREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, one would think that, after receiving pal-lets stacked high with international currency shrouded in secrecy and the associated benefits of this administra-tion’s flawed nuclear deal, the leader-ship in Iran would want to change their ways. But when it comes to Iran, logic doesn’t apply. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the opposite has happened. Iran has become more confrontational. Tehran continues to develop and test ballistic missile tech-nology, deploy advanced surface-to-air defenses at a ‘‘peaceful’’ nuclear site, and harass our naval vessels on the open seas. The leaders in Tehran and in the IRGC are continuing down the same old path of aggression as they did be-fore the nuclear deal. But now, Mr. Speaker, they have fresh resources and a renewed sense the United States won’t seek to hold them accountable, both courtesy of the Obama adminis-tration. Mr. Speaker, it is time for the admin-istration to wake up and realize that their policies and dealings with Iran are further threatening our national security. 
f 
b1230 NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 2 (a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.016 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5352 September 13, 2016 
The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: House Resolution 828—impeaching John Andrew Koskinen, Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, for high crimes and misdemeanors. Resolved, that John Andrew Koskinen, Commissioner of the Inter-nal Revenue Service, is impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors and that the following articles of impeach-ment be exhibited to the Senate: Articles of impeachment exhibited by the House of Representatives of the United States of America in the name of itself and of the people of the United States of America, against John An-drew Koskinen, Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, in mainte-nance and support of its impeachment against him for high crimes and mis-demeanors. Article l. John Andrew Koskinen, in his con-duct while Commissioner of the Inter-nal Revenue Service, engaged in a pat-tern of conduct that is incompatible with his duties as an Officer of the United States, as follows: Commissioner Koskinen failed in his duty to respond to lawfully issued con-gressional subpoenas. On August 2, 2013, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives issued a subpoena to Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew, the custodian of Internal Revenue Service documents. That subpoena de-manded, among other things, ‘‘all com-munications sent or received by Lois Lerner, from January 1, 2009, to August 2, 2013.’’ On February 14, 2014, following the Senate’s confirmation of John An-drew Koskinen as Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives reissued the subpoena to him. On March 4, 2014, Internal Revenue Service employees in Martinsburg, West Virginia, magnetically erased 422 backup tapes, destroying as many as 24,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails respon-sive to the subpoena. This action im-peded congressional investigations into the Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans based on their political affiliation. The American people may never know the true culpability or ex-tent of the Internal Revenue Service targeting because of the destruction of evidence that took place. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeach-ment and trial and removal from of-fice. Article 2. John Andrew Koskinen engaged in a pattern of deception that demonstrates his unfitness to serve as Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service. Com-missioner Koskinen made a series of false and misleading statements to Congress in contravention of his oath to tell the truth. Those false state-ments included the following: (1) On June 20, 2014, Commissioner Koskinen testified that ‘‘since the start of this investigation, every email has been preserved. Nothing has been lost. Nothing has been destroyed.’’ (2) On June 23, 2014, Commissioner Koskinen testified that the Internal Revenue Service had ‘‘confirmed that backup tapes from 2011 no longer ex-isted because they have been recycled, pursuant to the Internal Revenue Serv-ice normal policy.’’ He went on to ex-plain that ‘‘confirmed means that somebody went back and looked and made sure that in fact any backup tapes that had existed had been recy-cled.’’ (3) On March 26, 2014, Commissioner Koskinen was asked during a hearing before the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, ‘‘Sir, are you or are you not going to provide this com-mittee all of Lois Lerner’s emails?’’ He answered, ‘‘Yes, we will do that.’’ Each of those statements was materi-ally false. On March 4, 2014, Internal Revenue Service employees magneti-cally erased 422 backup tapes con-taining as many as 24,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails. On February 2, 2014, senior Internal Revenue Service offi-cials discovered that Lois Lerner’s computer hard drive had crashed, ren-dering hundreds or thousands of her emails unrecoverable. Commissioner Koskinen’s false statements impeded and confused congressional investiga-tions into the Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans based on their political affiliation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeach-ment and trial, and removal from of-fice. Article 3. John Andrew Koskinen, throughout his tenure as Commissioner of the In-ternal Revenue Service, has acted in a manner inconsistent with the trust and confidence placed in him as an Officer of the United States, as follows: During his confirmation hearing be-fore the Senate Committee on Finance, John Andrew Koskinen promised, ‘‘We will be transparent about any problems we run into; and the public and cer-tainly this committee will know about those problems as soon as we do.’’ Commissioner Koskinen repeatedly violated that promise. As early as Feb-ruary 2014 and no later than April 2014, he was aware that a substantial por-tion of Lois Lerner’s emails could not be produced to Congress. However, in a March 19, 2014, letter to Senator Wyden of the Senate Committee on Finance, Commissioner Koskinen said, ‘‘We are transmitting today additional informa-tion that we believe completes our pro-duction to your committee and the House Ways and Means Committee. . . . In light of these productions, I hope that the investigations can be concluded in the very near future.’’ At the time he sent that letter, he knew that the document production was not complete. Commissioner Koskinen did not no-tify Congress of any problem until June 13, 2014, when he included the in-formation on the fifth page of the third enclosure of a letter to the Senate Committee on Finance. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeach-ment and trial, and removal from of-fice. Article 4. John Andrew Koskinen has failed to act with competence and forthright-ness in overseeing the investigation into Internal Revenue Service tar-geting of Americans because of their political affiliations as follows: Commissioner Koskinen stated in a hearing on June 20, 2014, that the Inter-nal Revenue Service had ‘‘gone to great lengths’’ to retrieve all of Lois Lerner’s emails. Commissioner Koskinen’s ac-tions contradicted the assurances he gave to Congress. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found over 1,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails that the Internal Revenue Service had failed to produce. Those discoveries took only 15 days of investigation to uncover. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion searched a number of available sources, including disaster backup tapes, Lois Lerner’s BlackBerry, the email server, backup tapes for the email server, and Lois Lerner’s tem-porary replacement laptop. The Inter-nal Revenue Service failed to examine any of those sources in its own inves-tigation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeach-ment, trial, and removal from office. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from Louisiana will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3590, HALT TAX IN-CREASES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS AND SENIORS ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 858 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 858 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3590) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the in-crease in the income threshold used in deter-mining the deduction for medical care. All 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.018 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5353 September 13, 2016 
points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 858 provides for consider-ation of H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax In-creases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act and the Restoring Access to Medi-cation Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided among the majority and minority of the Committee on Ways and Means. As is standard with all legislation pertaining to the Tax Code, the Committee on Rules has made no further amendments in order. However, the rule affords the minority the customary motion to recommit. Under the rule, we will be consid-ering a bill to prevent one of the most significant tax increases imposed on the American people by the Affordable Care Act. The bill advanced through regular order and was favorably re-ported out of the Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, amends the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the increase in the in-come threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care. This in-crease was created by the Affordable Care Act and is another example of how the law is hurtful to average Americans. Our Nation’s seniors should not bear the burden of paying for the Affordable Care Act. H.R. 3590 is commonsense policy that will provide relief to American families while promoting consumer-driven health care. Under current law, Ameri-cans aged 65 or older can deduct out-of- pocket medical expenses to the extent that such expenses exceed 7.5 percent of an individual’s adjusted gross in-come. However, as part of the Afford-able Care Act, this 7.5 percent thresh-old will increase to 10 percent January 1, 2017, for those age 65. H.R. 3590 would restore the pre-Af-fordable Care Act threshold of 7.5 per-cent for all Americans and is a mean-ingful step toward easing the burden of rising medical expenses in commu-nities across the country. This will provide broad-based tax relief to middle- and low-income families as they continue to struggle in difficult economic times. The administration raised the AGI threshold from 7.5 to 10 percent in order to help pay for the Affordable Care Act’s price tag. The result of this policy is an almost $33 billion tax in-crease over the next decade that will be shouldered by the middle class and sen-ior citizens. According to Americans for Tax Re-form, over 10 million families used this tax provision in 2012 with an average of $8,500 in medical expenses claimed, and more than half the families that used that provision made less than $50,000 a year. This legislation permanently low-ers the adjusted gross income threshold from 10 percent to 7.5 percent for all taxpayers, regardless of their age. We are reminded daily of the short-comings of the Affordable Care Act: the double-digit health insurance premium increases; less consumer choice as in-surers abandon the exchanges; and in-creasingly narrow networks across the country. Due to the rising burden for families of out-of-pocket costs, the av-erage deductible for an employer-spon-sored health plan surged nearly 9 per-cent in 2015 to now more than $1,000. Beginning in 2017, the President’s health law will increase the tax burden on our seniors, and this is a cost many will struggle to bear. This increase will have a disproportionate impact on sen-iors who are more likely to take advan-tage of this deduction. According to the National Center for Policy Analysis, the average senior spends over $4,888 a year on medical ex-penses, twice as much as the average non-elderly adult. Typically, seniors no longer have an increase in income, in-stead relying on their savings. Con-gress must take steps to strengthen our citizens’ ability to save their hard- earned dollars, not constrain it. What is most egregious about the timing of the tax increase hidden with-in the thousands of pages of the Afford-able Care Act is the cynical nature of its placement. b1245 When the Affordable Care Act passed in the middle of the night and people famously said they had to pass the bill in order for people to find out what was in it, they used the maneuver to pay for the high cost of the bill by making the so-called benefits of the legislation take place immediately and having the costs of the legislation, the egregious tax increases that everyone knew would be unpopular, not take effect until 7 years after the passage of the bill. But that day is now upon us. It is calendar year 2017. Those 7 years allowed for three elec-tion cycles to take place. Democrats in the House and Senate, and certainly the Democrat in the White House, knew that they could not withstand an election after the American people dis-covered all of the new taxes hidden in the Affordable Care Act, so they wrote the bill in a way that ensured that they could get through their reelections—es-pecially the Presidential election in 2012—without having to defend signifi-cant tax increases. For Democrats in the House, it didn’t work, and the American people rose up, and after the 2010 election, Republicans resumed the majority of the House less than a year after the Affordable Care Act’s passage; but the President and Democratic Senators were able to avoid having to defend the tax in-creases that they supported since those increases had not gone into effect. Well, now the full cost, the full cost of these tax increases is about to bear down on American families, and when families across the country see how much more of their income is going to be taken out of their paychecks and given to bureaucrats in Washington, the anger will be as palpable this year as it was in 2010. As we have learned, a Washington- centered approach to delivering high- quality affordable health care cannot work. While we are committed to large-scale reform of the healthcare system, there are people who cannot wait, and that is why we are taking ac-tion now. H.R. 3590 is just one example of the work that our Conference is doing to promote Member-driven solu-tions in order to improve health care for our citizens and ensure that they have greater access to quality care at a truly affordable price. H.R. 3590 will add on to this progress and make cer-tain that we protect Americans from the mounting costs of the Affordable Care Act and preserve one of the few tools that they have at their disposal to contain high medical expenses. H.R. 3590 will help the middle class and help seniors by preserving one tool to help soften the blow of rising healthcare costs. At this point in time, our citizens cannot withstand another chunk of their savings going into the Federal coffers in order to pay for a failed experiment that the administra-tion has gone to astronomical lengths to prop up. In today’s climate of ever- increasing healthcare costs, we must do whatever we can to provide relief to taxpayers and put in place reforms to promote a return to consumer-driven health care. This important legislation can help reverse the trend of Wash-ington-directed, one-size-fits-all healthcare policy. This bill is concrete proof of the actions that can be taken to return power to individuals. I encourage our colleagues to stand up for the middle class and senior citi-zens and support H.R. 3590. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.004 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5354 September 13, 2016 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule for consideration of H.R. 3590, and to the bill. They say you can’t have your cake and eat it too, but that is exactly what Republicans are trying to do with this bill. They are trying to keep the bene-fits of ObamaCare and repeal the costs of ObamaCare. They are saying we are going to continue subsidies for middle- income and lower-income people, every expense associated with ObamaCare, and yet we are going to reduce the funding. We are going to increase our deficit by over $30 billion. At a time when the deficit continues to add to our national debt, when many of us are calling for going the opposite direction, trying to balance our budget, I am a proud sponsor of a balanced budget amendment. Digging this $30 billion hole will make it even harder to balance the budget. If the Republicans are serious about cutting $30 billion in revenue, let’s show where they are going to cut $30 billion in costs. Whether it is from the Affordable Care Act or whether it is other items, it is not intellectually honest to simply say we are going to cut money, but we are not going to tell you where it is coming from. This bill would add $33 billion to the deficit. And we all like tax cuts, Mr. Speaker. I mean, who wouldn’t want to cut taxes for everybody? It is always a question of: How are you going to pay for it? The Republicans failed to pay for this $33 billion in that bill. In fact, by giv-ing tax cuts today, they are making our next generation, our children, even more beholden to today’s debt and the legacy of debt that they are leaving for the next generation. The revenue generated by this provi-sion is an important part of trying to reduce our deficit and balance our budget. Removing that will simply cre-ate a hole of over $30 billion in a deficit that is already over $400 billion. H.R. 3590 would increase the deficit by establishing the itemized deduction threshold at 7.5 percent for all tax-payers. If Congress continues to roll back pay-fors on a law that costs money to implement, it is going to continue to increase our deficit. There have been a number of other measures that have been brought before this body that have also increased our def-icit. At a time when numerous significant public health crises need to be ad-dressed—the Zika virus, opioid addic-tion, the water in Flint—we are actu-ally discussing a bill that increases the deficit by $33 billion and doesn’t even deal with any of these crises, making it even harder to try to find the scarce re-sources that we have and divert them from existing operational programs or other revenue generators to address the Zika public health crisis, the opioid addition, or the Flint water cri-sis. While H.R. 3590 sets out nice tax cuts, it doesn’t pay for them. The reality of this bill is that the higher a house-hold’s income, the more likely it is to get a tax cut. According to the con-gressional Joint Committee on Tax-ation, if H.R. 3590 were to become law, taxpayers with over $100,000 of income would receive two-thirds of this tax cut at the expense of their own children, who would then be forced to inherit a nation even deeper in debt. When you spend money you don’t have, that is a future tax increase. So effectively what this bill does is it trades a tax cut today for a tax in-crease tomorrow. If you ask me, Mr. Speaker, this country has done too much of that already. It would be one thing if this tax cut were paid for. We could weigh the pros and the cons. We could weigh the costs and the benefits, a $32 billion tax cut. I agree with what my colleague said. It would be a wonderful thing to do. It would be a wonderful way to help fami-lies afford health care and increase the deductibility level. But what’s the tradeoff, Mr. Speaker? There are tradeoffs in this world. You can’t have your cake and eat it too. Where are you going to cut $33 billion because this tax cut is so justified? Maybe there is a program we can agree to cut. I would probably support it today if we decreased defense spending by $33 billion over 10 years and that was the pay-for. I wouldn’t have a problem with that. I would much rath-er give the money to middle class fami-lies than continue to spend more than the rest of the world combined on our military. And look how cavalier this body is about adding $33 billion to the deficit. All in a day’s work, Mr. Speaker. Ap-parently, we are impeaching an IRS Commissioner and we are adding $33 billion to the deficit. We wonder why, when the American people look at this body, its approval rating is so low. Twelve percent is what I saw last. In 1 day, we are adding $33 billion to the deficit while not addressing critical issues with Zika and Flint. In Flint, for example, a year has gone by since a doctor first raised a red flag about the city’s water supply, and we have not appropriated or replaced the corroded water pipes. There is still water being trucked in. While Flint families are continuing to rely on bot-tled water, on trucked in water, Con-gress is increasing the deficit even more. Or we can examine the abuse of pre-scription opioids, an epidemic that is sweeping this country. Now, we passed a lowest common denominator bill, a bill, of course, I supported. It has some good statistics and good coordination, but it doesn’t substantively do any-thing to address the fact that opioids were involved in 28,647 tragic deaths last year alone, the most on record. In May, we heard Members from both sides of the aisle come to the floor and speak eloquently about how addiction is ravaging families back home, and I share those stories from Colorado. But when the President submitted a pro-posal that would have provided $1.1 bil-lion in funding to actually address this epidemic, Congress did nothing. So here we are increasing the deficit by $33 billion, where, if we simply took $1 billion of that and addressed the opioid crisis, $1 billion of it and addressed Zika, then we could simply use the rest to reduce the deficit. We are happy to spend money we don’t have. The Republicans are happy to spend money we don’t have when it comes to tax cuts; but when it goes to public health, when it goes to lead in pipes, when it goes to reducing pre-scription drug abuse, there is no money for that. Instead, this body passed a package of bills with no funding. And then there is Zika. In the pan-theon of public health emergencies, Zika is particularly pressing. Almost 19,000 Americans have already con-tracted Zika, including 1,800 pregnant women. The numbers are likely higher because we don’t know all of the diag-noses in all of the cases, and four or five people only have mild symptoms and might not be diagnosed. In pregnancies, Zika, as we know, can be especially devastating and, I might add, costly to taxpayers for the lifetime of the child. A fetus is suscep-tible to severe cognitive impairments caused by the virus, including microcephaly. So far there are upwards of 20 cases of microcephaly in the U.S., and that number is set to increase with the prevalence of Zika, which only Congress can act to stem. The administration declares Zika to be a public health emergency in Puerto Rico, where one in four people are esti-mated to become infected over in the next year. Florida is grappling with an upsurge in cases, prompting the CDC to issue its first ever domestic travel warning within our own country to our own State of Florida. We need to learn more. The virus has been around for decades, but few com-prehensive studies exist as it made the transition from Africa to South Amer-ica. We know very little about the like-lihood a fetus will contract Zika or what the factors are that affect that and the long-term implications of ex-posure to the virus as an infant. This knowledge gap isn’t for lack of qualified talented researchers. I was fortunate to visit the CDC’s Division of Vector-Borne Diseases with Represent-ative B
UCKjust a few weeks ago to see firsthand the research they are doing into viruses such as Zika, but they need the ability and the resources to focus on this imminent public health crisis. At a CDC laboratory, the Division of Vector-Borne Diseases relies on Fed-eral funding to produce cutting-edge science that saves lives. If this body were to approve the requested amount 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.021 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5355 September 13, 2016 
to fight Zika, it is likely we would know already a lot more about this scary virus. Relevant to my district is another re-cent and unprecedented outbreak of a mosquito-borne virus: West Nile. At 28 human cases, it is the highest inci-dence of the virus in the State. Cities such as Los Angeles, Dallas, and Phoe-nix are also being hit hard. That is also directly affected by the public health for vector-borne viruses. Funding will also be essential to re-duce the building diagnostic backlog or develop a simpler method of testing. The testing process for Zika is cum-bersome and costly. In places with local transmission like Florida and Puerto Rico, results have started to take upwards of a month to come back, leaving families in an ongoing chronic state of uncertainty and agony. Appro-priating dollars to deal with this emer-gency is critical to develop a vaccine. With public health experts pleading for funding to combat Zika, President Obama sent Congress a $1.9 billion funding request to combat the virus on February 22. Well, now it is September 13, 204 days since the request, and thou-sands of victims later. While the Sen-ate approved $1.1 billion to combat the virus, House leadership has not shown any appetite for this measure. In the meantime, agencies like Health and Human Services are desperately trying to transfer money from other accounts just to make ends meet. I am frustrated, Mr. Speaker, that here we are discussing a bill that adds $33 billion to our deficit that we don’t have when we can least afford to do so, when we are not even talking about these much smaller ticket items that are urgent and that are emergencies. It is frustrating that this body continues to promulgate a double standard around offsetting the cost of legisla-tion. Expenditures and revenues are two sides of the same coin. If you reduce revenues by $2 billion, it has the exact same impact on the deficit as increas-ing expenditures by $2 billion. They are the same thing. Yet here we are cre-ating massive fiscally irresponsible holes in our deficit, moving further away from ever balancing it, when we are not even looking at these much smaller ticket items that are much more important and are critical emer-gencies. We are discussing a bill that adds $33 billion to our deficit. We continue to avoid dealing with Flint, with opioids, and with Zika, at a small fraction of the cost of this bill, Mr. Speaker. Just give us 10 percent of the cost of this bill—$3 billion—and think of the progress we can make on Flint and opioids and Zika. Instead, we are spending $33 billion in tax expendi-tures to increase our deficit by over $33 billion. This isn’t the way to balance the budget. This isn’t the way to run a country. b1300 Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up legislation that would allow those with out-standing student debt to refinance their existing high interest rates to lower interest rates. Mr. Speaker, every one of us has constituents who are struggling with student debt. This legislation gives us an opportunity to provide immediate relief. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I think what is frustrating in consideration of this deficit-busting, irresponsible, Re-publican tax-and-spend bill is a double standard. We have a bill before us that would increase the deficit by over $33 billion, yet we are not even allowed to consider these much smaller ticket items that are pressing national emer-gencies. Children in Flint still can’t bathe or drink tap water because of toxic lead; families in New Hampshire are receiv-ing little help for the opioid addictions ravaging their communities; pregnant women in south Florida are living in fear of the serious health consequences and birth defects related to Zika; and yet there is $33 billion for a tax cut for the wealthy. What piece am I missing here, Mr. Speaker? How is it that there is $33 bil-lion for a tax expenditure, but there is not even $1 billion or $2 billion or $3 billion to address these pressing issues like Zika or lead or opioids? A dollar is a dollar. Whether you ex-pend it as a decrease in revenue or an expenditure, it has the exact same eco-nomic impact. It increases our budget deficit, already over $400 billion; and here we have a bill that would increase it by over $30 billion. If we are going to move towards bal-ancing the budget, Mr. Speaker, of course, we need to look at expenditures and we need to look at revenues. That is the only way you are ever going to get there. And it is the exact wrong di-rection to be decreasing net revenues without even talking about what ex-penditures you are going to cut. Again, it would be one thing if we knew what the tradeoffs were, if this bill had an offset for the $33 billion and we said: You know what? This is a wor-thy tax cut. The gentleman made a good case for it. Of course, we want to increase de-ductibility of healthcare expenses. I don’t think there is a single person in this body who wouldn’t want to do it. The question is: What is the tradeoff? Where is that $33 billion going to come from? And let’s work together to find a way to pay for it. Right? I mean, let’s look at spending less on our military rather than spending more than the rest of the world combined. You know what? If we cut just $3 bil-lion a year from our bloated military budget, we could fully pay for this tax cut. Sign me up, Mr. Speaker. That would be paid for, and I would support it. There might be other areas that we could find to work together to pay for this tax cut, but when you are asking us, Mr. Speaker, to say: You know what? I want to pay for this tax cut by mortgaging your children’s future, you are not going to get a lot of takers among us fiscally responsible Demo-crats. I guess Republicans don’t care about the deficit, don’t care about mort-gaging the future, don’t care about leaving our kids further in debt. But you know what? Democrats do. That is why I oppose this bill. Our children are already inheriting an enormous legacy of debt. The last thing we should be doing is adding $33 billion more to that. I have nothing against this par-ticular expenditure. If there is a way to pay for it, we could do that. We could work with Republicans on it. I would be happy to work with Republicans on it. There are always tradeoffs in life. Nothing comes free. There is no ex-penditure that is free. There is no re-duction in revenue that is free. A dol-lar is a dollar. Families across our country know that when they are bal-ancing their checkbooks at the end of the month. They know that if they spend more money or they get a bonus at work, it goes into the same pot. And if they get a cut in their salary, that means they have less money to spend. That is what it should mean to this Congress. If we are going to be taking in $33 billion less, we should spend $33 billion less. We should pay for any tax cut or expenditure on the revenue side and make sure that it doesn’t go to mortgaging our children’s future by in-creasing our already bloated budget deficit and contributing to our na-tional debt. If it wasn’t so serious, Mr. Speaker, it would almost be humorous when we hear around raising the debt ceiling time from our Republican friends, Oh, we don’t want to increase the debt ceil-ing, oh, no. The debt ceiling. The debt ceiling. We are not going to increase the debt ceiling. Well, you know why the debt ceiling reaches its cap, Mr. Speaker? The reason the debt ceiling needs to be increased is because Congress spends more than it has. It is too late to complain after the fact, Mr. Speaker. It is too late to com-plain after the fact. If you, Congress, spend more than you take in, yes, you are going to need to increase the debt ceiling. It is not rocket science. I think even my kindergartener could do the math. It is addition and subtraction. Yet here we are saying: You know what? Let’s cut government revenues by $33 billion. Well, you know what, Mr. Speaker? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.022 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5356 September 13, 2016 
If this bill were to become law, we would reach the debt ceiling even ear-lier. And, of course, Congress would have to blow the lid on the debt ceiling and increase the national debt. It is math. It is simple math, Mr. Speaker, and families across our country under-stand simple math. They balance their checkbooks. My home State of Colorado requires a balanced budget every year, just as many other States across the country do. I support a balanced budget amend-ment here. I think that Congress, like families across our country, like our States, should balance our budget. But even in the absence of that require-ment, Congress should act responsibly to do it. And this bill is the opposite. It increases our deficit by over $30 billion. It doesn’t pay for it. It mortgages our children’s future for a tax expenditure today. It is the wrong way to go for our country. So while, of course, my Democratic colleagues and I share concern about ensuring access to affordable health care and would be happy to talk about tradeoffs that are involved with any re-duction in revenues, H.R. 3590 is simply not the way to do it. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question and to vote ‘‘no’’ on this restrictive, misguided rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, there is perhaps a fun-damental, philosophic difference be-tween the gentleman and myself. Taxes that are taken from people are just that: it is money that is taken from people under penalty of law. These are not expenditures of the government that we are talking about. We are talk-ing about taking people’s money from them, sometimes forcibly. And in this case, in order to fund what? Well, I don’t know how many people here remember when the Affordable Care Act passed late that night in March of 2010. I don’t know how many people were paying attention to section 9013 of the law, for which they either voted ‘‘yea’’ or ‘‘nay.’’ But let me just remind people what section 9013 said. Mr. Speaker, this is one of the under-lying problems that the Affordable Care Act has had since the git-go. You ask yourself: Why is a law that is giv-ing people stuff so marginally unpopu-lar? And why has that unpopularity persisted over all of this time? Well, one of the reasons for that is the coercive nature of the Affordable Care Act. I mean, the fact that there is an individual mandate: You have to buy it, or we are going to penalize you through the Tax Code. But one of the other reasons was the very duplicitous way in which this bill was passed: We are going to give you stuff today, and then we are going to figure out kind of how to pay for it later. But just listen to the language of sec-tion 9013 that was voted on in this House late in the night in March of 2010: ‘‘(a) In General.—Subsection (a) of section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘7.5 percent’ and inserting ‘10 percent’.’’ Okay. Well and good. We follow that. That is what we have been discussing. The next section: ‘‘(b) Temporary Waiver of Increase for Certain Seniors.—Section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection’’—okay. And now here comes the new subsection: ‘‘‘(f) Special Rule for 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016.—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2017, sub-section (a) shall be applied with respect to a taxpayer by substituting ‘7.5 per-cent’ for ‘10 percent’ if such taxpayer or such taxpayer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year.’.’’ Mr. Speaker, if there was ever a case of hide the ball, if there was ever a case of let’s not be honest with people about what we are actually passing, this bill was it. So today we are going to consider a bill from the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) to protect seniors from this tax increase that is on auto-matic pilot. The skids are greased, and it is going to hit people January 1, 2017, if the Congress doesn’t do something. Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for the consideration of an important bill to undo one of the most harmful tax increases on the middle class cre-ated by the Affordable Care Act. I want to thank Ms. M
CSALLY for this legislation. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 858 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1434) to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1434. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.023 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5357 September 13, 2016 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5620, VA ACCOUNT-ABILITY FIRST AND APPEALS MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 859 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 859 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5620) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on per-formance or misconduct, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on House Resolution 859, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward, on behalf of the Rules Committee today, this rule that provides for consider-ation of H.R. 5620, the VA Account-ability First and Appeals Moderniza-tion Act of 2016. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee and also pro-vides a motion to recommit. Additionally, the rule makes in order several amendments, representing ideas from both sides of the aisle. Yes-terday the Rules Committee received testimony from the chairman and ranking member of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee and heard from nu-merous Members on behalf of amend-ments offered. H.R. 5620 includes provisions of the House-passed versions of H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act; H.R. 280, the legislation related to bonuses paid to VA employees; language from H.R. 5083, the VA Appeals Modernization Act; and H.R. 4138, legislation related to relocation payments for VA employ-ees. The VA Accountability First and Ap-peals Modernization Act continues ef-forts by this Congress to reform the VA and address the bureaucratic mess that has plagued its operations for far too long. b1315 The bill builds on meaningful steps to restore accountability to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and en-sure it is appropriately providing vet-erans with the resources and care they deserve. We have heard time and time again that the Department of Veterans Af-fairs has failed to hold individuals ac-countable for their actions. In the cir-cumstances when the VA has tried to take appropriate disciplinary action against an employee, the process is rarely efficient or meaningful. That is just simply unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. In fact, a recent study done by the GAO found that on average it takes 6 months to a year—or even longer—to remove a permanent civil servant in the Federal Government. This is ridic-ulous on its own. Imagine a private business having underperforming em-ployees but not being able to remove them from their positions and, in some circumstances, even being forced to give them raises or bonuses. Examples range from the typical poor-performing employee to the ab-surd. Projects continue to be mis-managed and cost overruns abound. Then there are the cases bordering on the absurd. In one case, the VA helped a veteran, who was an inpatient of the substance abuse clinic, purchase illegal drugs. This employee continued to work at the VA for over a year before removal proceedings even started. Mr. Speaker, did you catch that? It was a year be-fore the proceedings even started. This is amazing. Another VA employee, a nurse in this case, showed up to work intoxicated and participated in a veteran’s surgery while under the influence. Yet another VA employee participated in an armed robbery. This behavior would not slide in the private sector, and we certainly shouldn’t stand for it when it comes to our Nation’s heroes who have put their lives on the line to serve our country. VA officials have even stated in testi-mony that the process for removing employees is too difficult and lengthy. This means that problem employees continue to work for the VA and inter-act with veterans. These employees aren’t providing services to the agency, and they aren’t providing services to our Nation’s veterans. Employees like this need to be re-moved in a timely way. At the very least, employees need to receive dis-cipline appropriate to the misconduct in a way that discourages poor per-formance or behavior in the future, but that is just not happening right now. Let me be clear—and I want to again emphasize because it may even come up here in just a moment—this is not a broadside attack on all VA employees. This is not something that says that all VA employees are bad. In fact, it is far from it. My office, Mr. Speaker—yours as well, and many others—deal with the VA in a very constructive way, helping many of our veterans get what they need. There are hardworking and won-derful individuals at the VA who are doing all they can to help our Nation’s veterans. In northeast Georgia, my of-fice has a good working relationship with our local VA and especially in Au-gusta and Atlanta in the places we need. This is not an issue of all of the em-ployees. In fact, we have actually heard from employees of the VA. They say we need these changes because they are tired of being dragged down by the an-chors of the bad employees. Those employees who are doing work well, they are just hindered by this bu-reaucracy—and it has got to stop—by a system that fails to remove or dis-cipline those poorly performing coun-terparts. That is not fair to these hard-working individuals who are, in fact, doing their jobs. Most importantly, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.026 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5358 September 13, 2016 
is not fair to the veterans. But I am going to take it a step further as well— it is not fair to the taxpayers. That is why this bill, the VA Ac-countability First and Appeals Mod-ernization Act, will take steps to ad-dress this problem. The bill will pro-vide improved protections for whistle-blowers. It will restrict bonuses for su-pervisors who retaliate against whis-tleblowers and strengthen account-ability of VA senior executive service employees. It would expand senior executive service removal authority and create an expedited removal system that would include an appeals process. It would also eliminate bonuses for VA senior executive service employees for 5 years and streamline authority for the Secretary of the VA to rescind em-ployee bonuses. I wish these steps weren’t necessary, but the ongoing problems plaguing the VA demand strong action. Our veterans deserve better, and we have to take steps to be served by this agency that is supposed to be providing them assistance. In addition to the problems with the VA employee misconduct, the VA’s current appeals process is unquestion-ably broken. As of June 1, 2016, there were almost 457,000 appeals pending in the VA, an increase of over 80,000 pend-ing appeals from the preceding year. In fact, in the Atlanta regional office, there are about 16,500 appeals pending with an approximate 3-year wait time; and the backlog is growing. Case-workers in my Gainesville office have been told that cases from 2013 are, in some cases, just getting on the desk of VA employees. Appeals issues are the most common types of cases that my district office sees. We have some great caseworkers in my Georgia office, but they are not able to speed up the process. They only help navigate the red tape and bureauc-racy. My office is always willing to help veterans in need, and we stand by ready to help when we can. But it shouldn’t take a congressional office to get answers from the VA. The VA should be answering veterans in a timely manner. This process needs to be fixed. As a current, still active member of the United States Air Force Reserve, this is just not what we need. Mr. Speaker, could you think about what we could do with our caseworkers if they were not bogged down in this kind of inefficiency dealing with the VA that we have addressed in this Con-gress on other occasions with funding and with other issues, and they are still dealing with this? When a veteran appeals a claim, they shouldn’t have to wait for years for an answer. But the current system has led to a backlog that leaves many veterans in limbo. This bill takes steps in the right di-rection. H.R. 5630 would streamline the appeals process and help clear the mas-sive backlog of appeals currently stuck and clogging the system. Under the bill, veterans will be able to obtain faster decisions and will be able to retain the original effective date of their claims throughout the ap-peals process. It will protect veterans’ due process rights while updating the antiquated appeals process for VA dis-ability benefits. This is a good bill, Mr. Speaker. It is something that we need to address. We can make all the excuses in the world we want. We have funded this. As my Senator from Georgia has stated, who is the chairman of the Senate Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, money is no longer the biggest issue. They have the resources, and they have the will of the Congress. The question is: Will we give them the tools and will the Secretary, more importantly, actually act upon those? That, I have questions about, but we are here today to pass this rule and to get this bill to help those who need help the most, and that is our vet-erans. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia. I want to point out that with regard to procedures and regular order and how this body works, there is a difference between these two bills, the one that I discussed previously under the other rule and this one. The deficit bill, the $30 billion increase in the deficit that the Republicans want to do, that came through what we call regular order, meaning it was marked up in the Ways and Means Committee. That is nor-mally how things work around here. A bill goes through committee, then it comes to the Rules Committee, and then it goes to the floor. This bill, however, sort of magically appeared in Rules Committee. It didn’t go through the committee of jurisdic-tion which, at the very least, would in-clude the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. It might include other committees as well. It simply appeared and was re-ferred to the floor. So what that means is Members of Congress and a com-mittee did not have a chance to amend it. We don’t even know if it would have had a vote in committee and whether it cleared committee. Instead, it just sort of appeared right now. So, look, we all deeply care, of course, about veterans. I agree with much of what my colleague from Geor-gia said about the need for the VA to do better. In Colorado, I have been very in-volved with our long-overdue, new vet-erans hospital in Aurora. We have been working many years on getting this completed. In fact, delays have cost taxpayers over $300 million. It con-tinues to leave many who served in our Armed Forces, including many of my constituents, without the convenient, quality care that they were promised. So I join my colleagues, Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and many oth-ers from our entire Colorado delega-tion, in, of course, wanting to improve the quality of services at the VA. We had issues as well with fraudulent over-billing and mislabeling of the amount of time that patients waited out of our Fort Collins facility. There are a number of problems with this bill, but one of them that I want to briefly mention is that it can actually lead to less accountability in the VA because it could lead to the punish-ment of whistleblowers, of employees who speak up against mismanagement. When you are looking at passing a thoughtful human resources policy or personnel policy—and I don’t dispute that we need to work with the VA to come up with a better way of doing it— you want to make sure that somebody who is a whistleblower is adequately protected. If somebody comes forward and says, you know what, we are doing mislabeling of timesheets, or, you know what, I know why this project is $300 million over budget, and this might be because of X, Y, or Z, it doesn’t always rise to the Federal level of whistleblower. We just want good employees to not feel that they can be fired for coming forward with the truth about mis-conduct. This bill does not do that. In fact, it will make those who have use-ful information that can lead to sys-temic improvements at the VA more hesitant to come forward with that in-formation. The bill removes a due process pro-tection for VA employees and reduces the amount of time they have to re-spond to a termination by two-thirds, from 30 days to 10 days. We all want to move expeditiously, but it seems like 30 days is a reasonable timeframe. There is no evidence given as to why that 20-day reduction is needed. I haven’t heard any. It also eliminates a requirement that supervisors provide specific examples of poor performance when an employee is terminated—of course, there should be reasons given—opening the door for unnecessary firings and leaving VA em-ployees with no recourse or rebuttal. In any organization, employee mo-rale is critical. And to create an envi-ronment of paranoia in any enter-prise—a company, an agency—is not conducive to furthering the mission. Creating this kind of uncertainty and chaos from a personnel perspective within the VA would likely only make our services to veterans even harder to provide and worse by decreasing em-ployee morale, therefore, making it harder to attract the type of quality caregivers and administrators that we need to facilitate the VA program. Look, this bill is an attempt to make long-overdue reforms. I wish that it was a thoughtful, bipartisan attempt. I wish it had gone through committee. I wish the committee had worked on it, marked it up, and reported it out with bipartisan support; but that is not what has happened here. This bill appeared at the last minute, throws away basic rights of employees, reduces morale, endangers whistle-blowers, and does very little to im-prove the quality of services of the VA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.028 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5359 September 13, 2016 
or, frankly, the accountability of the employees of the VA, both at the man-agement level and at the worker level. Like a lot of ideas that we debate here, of course, there is a kernel of an idea here. Yes, we want to work to-gether to reform the VA. We agree with that. My colleague from Georgia gave a lot of reasons. I could give my own. I mentioned the price overrides in our hospital in Aurora. I have mentioned the manipulated timesheets in Fort Collins. I have mentioned, like my col-league from Georgia, just the indi-vidual cases where I have had constitu-ents that we have had to help navigate an overly complex bureaucracy and they shouldn’t have to go to their Member of Congress. For men and women who have served our country, for men and women who were injured in the line of duty, for men and women who are disabled from a service-related injury, we owe them our very best. They stood up and de-fended our freedom, and we owe them all the highest quality of care to take care of them through our VA system, or through Veterans Choice, and the other types of programs that serve our veterans’ community. Of course, we need to reform and do better in the VA. Again, rather than this kind of irre-sponsible, appeared-out-of-nowhere magical bill that would actually penal-ize the very whistleblowers that we need to tell us about misconduct and would decrease morale even further in an agency where it has already been impacted, let’s start fresh. Let’s work together. Let’s go back to committee. Let’s come up with a thoughtful ap-proach to improving the VA. And let’s make this happen. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, this has to be the slowest magic trick I have ever seen in my life. This actually, as written, was introduced and also noticed for amendment 2 months ago—sort of a delay in timing. That is a pretty good magic trick. I guess in the last 2 months, you haven’t had a chance to read it. Oh, well. Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield to the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. In those 2 months, why wasn’t there a time for this to go through the committee process and regular order? Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reclaim my time. The vast bulk of this bill did. H.R. 1994 passed out of this House. Frankly, this is a good bill that needs to move forward, and it is a protection of bad workers at the expense of the veterans. If you want to vote against this then that is what you are saying. You are wanting to vote to protect bad workers instead of getting the VA where it needs to go. Sixteen whistleblower groups have said this is the strongest whistleblower protection they have ever seen. So this idea that you are punishing whistle-blowers is, again, just a myth. I just have one thing, Mr. Speaker, before I yield to the gentleman from Oregon. Thirty days to respond to showing up drunk for surgery in one of the examples that I gave? You don’t need 30 days to respond to that. You need to be fired immediately. So I am not sure what the argument is here. I will agree with my friend from Col-orado that we need to fix this. I think we may have different ways to go about it. But again, at the expense of the good workers at the VA, we need to address this. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ). b1330 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and the gentleman for yielding and for his comments. You are so spot on. On Saturday morning in Medford, Or-egon, I met with about 40 veterans who are furious about the delays in getting access to care, and the fact that they can’t maintain providers at the local facility. And, by the way, that is not unique just there. I don’t know about you, but I am hearing all across my district, all across Oregon, that these clinics and hospitals are having trouble recruiting people, keeping people. Mo-rale is already bad, and part of it is be-cause there is this lack of discipline. I agree, Mr. C
OLLINS , that if you are a surgeon and you showed up drunk for the surgery, we are going to give you 30 days to dry out and explain yourself? Are you kidding me? If you were a pilot and showed up drunk for the flight, I can tell you what happens, right? You are done. And so this is part of the problem. The people I represent, the veterans, as you say, the men and women who have fought for our freedom, as you have done, they want action, not delay. They want access to care in a timely manner. Everything in this bill, inter-estingly enough, came up in our discus-sion from them. How come you are paying bonuses to people that aren’t doing their job? Why do they get bo-nuses at all? Isn’t that what we pay them to do? This bill fixes that. Why is it when we raise complaints internally, you know, there is retribution? This bill protects whistleblowers. Why isn’t there more transparency about what happens inside the VA? This bill gets at that. Accountability and transparency will lead us to a better VA, and the dedi-cated men and women who work in those facilities will feel better about their organization if they know the people who are letting down the vet-erans that are around them are some-how held accountable. That is true in any organization. I was a small-busi-ness owner for 21 years with my wife. This wasn’t a you show up drunk on the job and we will talk about it in a month. That is not how this works, and nobody expects that kind of thing. So, look, we need to reform the VA. We need to take care of our men and women in uniform. We need to claw back the bonuses. We need to get this ship righted. We have helped 5,000 vet-erans out of my office over the last number of years—5,000. Ask yourself this: Why do we all have to have staff in our district offices to help veterans work their way through the bureaucracy to get the help that they have earned and deserve? Yet we all do because we care and we want to help. But somewhere you have to back up and go: Why do we all have to hire people to help these veterans get to that point? That shouldn’t be nec-essary. They ought to be embraced by the agency. They ought to be cared for immediately, and it should be a com-plete last resort that they have to ac-tually track down their Member of Congress to say: ‘‘Can you help bust through the bureaucracy because my loved one doesn’t get access to care?’’ or ‘‘I can’t get access to care.’’ This is fundamentally a broken sys-tem that needs repair. I think we all agree on that. That is not a partisan issue. None of this should be. We should protect whistleblower rights. This bill does that. We should recoup the bonuses when they were given to undeserving employees, and we should increase transparency. But most of all, we should start with what matters most, and that is the veteran, and build everything out from there. That should be our foremost commitment and our starting place, what is best for that veteran and that veteran’s family. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. L
ARSON ). Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I thank the gentleman from Colorado, and I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), my colleague and the ranking member, for his work on this important issue as well. Mr. Speaker, I was disappointed to see that my amendment was not made in order. I would like to take this op-portunity, really, to expand on some-thing the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) had to say. Congressman T
AKANO and I had sim-ply offered an amendment that would ensure we could improve the process for removing employees for misconduct or performance that warrants removal. It is reprehensible, and it ought to take action. This amendment that we introduced mirrored legislation introduced by our colleagues Senator J
OHNNY ISAKSON  and Senator R
ICHARD BLUMENTHAL . They have developed, by contrast, a bi-partisan bill, the Veterans First Act, which will be a critical step to achiev-ing true accountability that the VA so desperately needs to be an efficient agency for the men and women who serve this Nation. It has more than 44 cosponsors, including Senator B
OOZ-
MAN, Senator B LUNT , Senator R OUNDS , Senator D
AINES . All have supported language that we merely requested be in the bill to improve accountability at the VA that is sorely needed, while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.029 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5360 September 13, 2016 
also protecting—and we have heard this a lot from our colleagues on the other side—due process: the due proc-ess of the whistleblower, the due proc-ess of people who are employed in the Federal Government. We have a bipartisan-supported bill in the Senate that will take much- needed steps for comprehensive due process and accountability within the VA. This is what the American people despise. Here we are in total agreement on what we need to do with veterans, but because of talking points, in the House we are at a difference for polit-ical messaging. We shouldn’t make vet-erans the point of political messaging. We ought to make sure that the vet-erans get the kind of service that they need, and when we have a bill in the Senate that is bipartisanly approved and accepted and does just that, that is the kind of bill that we ought to em-brace. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do appreciate my friend from Connecticut, and the issue was there were two Takano amend-ments. One is made in order that does a similar thing, but also to simply say that the Senate bill, which was re-ported out in May, has never been taken up in the Senate because they have had significant opposition to it. In fact, the only way they got it re-ported out was union groups and oth-ers, they had to make changes to it to get their agreement. I think at this point we are putting veterans first, not these outside inter-est groups. I think we just need to un-derstand that the Senate bill has not moved. The Senate bill, in fact, has not passed out of the Senate and shows no hope of passing out of the Senate at this point, and so why should we take that, frankly, product and come over here when we have a bill that can move. We are offering as many of these amendments as possible. We are going to be voting on my friend from Califor-nia’s amendment as well today. These are the kinds of things where I think we just need to look at this bill for what it is. It is helping veterans. The bottom line is not just simply saying this is what we are doing. This is com-ing from VA employees, VA employees who are saying help us not be, you know, categorized with all the other things that are going on and with those that are actually bringing what we do down, and also trying to help the ap-peals process in this situation. So I appreciate the words of the Members, Mr. Speaker, coming forward on this, but let’s also be very honest with what is happening in both Cham-bers of the bicameral legislature. We have one bill over there that is not going anywhere that was reported out. We have an amendment that will be voted on today that reflects the gen-tleman from California’s concern. We will see how that will be decided by this body. We are moving forward on a bill that will actually help, and we en-courage everybody to be a part of that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ) will control the remainder of the time of the minority. There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule and the underlying bill. All of us, Democrats and Republicans, believe in the need for stronger accountability for employees at the VA to ensure that our veterans get the care they deserve. Unfortunately, this legislation will fall short of that goal and, in doing so, set accountability efforts back for at least a year, if not more. Our Senate colleagues have a bipar-tisan bill that includes accountability provisions that could serve as a founda-tion for legislation in the House. It doesn’t mean it is perfect; it doesn’t mean in its current form it would be voted out of the Senate; but it is a far more bipartisan approach than the one that is before us today. We have an op-portunity to advance language that both parties in both Chambers can agree to and would contribute to a more accountable and more effective VA. H.R. 1994 and the current bill before us, H.R. 5620, both contain flawed ac-countability tools, tools which, if the VA used them, would likely result in adverse judgments in the courts and cost a lot of time and money pursuing with the likely result of those employ-ees being reinstated. Democrats are ready to work with the majority to find the right path for-ward. That is why 75 Democratic or bi-partisan amendments were submitted to the Committee on Rules. Unfortu-nately, only 22 amendments were made in order to be considered by the full Chamber. One of my amendments not made in order included a crucial fix to support and protect student veterans who have their education cut short by a school’s abrupt closure. When a college or uni-versity like ITT Tech or Corinthian shutters its doors on short notice, stu-dent veterans enrolled at these institu-tions are routinely left with their GI Bill and Yellow Ribbon benefits se-verely weakened or even depleted and with no degree or job prospects to show for it. There is urgency to put a fix in place, and my amendment would do that. There are no means in place for a student veteran enrolled at one of these institutions to get any part of their educational benefits restored, and many also lose their housing benefits, which student veterans depend on as a crucial source of housing support. The bipartisan amendment I sub-mitted with Representative SUSAN  B
ROOKS would have restored post-9/11 GI Bill benefits and training time to veterans who are negatively affected by a school’s sudden closure, and it would also allow the VA to continue paying student veterans a monthly housing stipend for a short time fol-lowing a permanent school closure. There are even more important amendments that this House won’t get to consider. Congresswoman D
ELBENEfrom Wash-ington State offered an amendment to update the Advisory Committee on Mi-nority Veterans, including LGBT rep-resentatives, and ensure that this com-mittee better addresses the needs of all minorities. My colleague, Congressman W
ALZ, of-fered an amendment to extend the original deadline issued by the Agent Orange Act of 1991 to ensure that Viet-nam veterans exposed to Agent Orange receive just compensation and care. Another colleague on the House Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, Congress-woman K
USTER , offered an amendment to help improve access to care for vet-erans and strengthen the healthcare workforce by creating a pilot program to train physician assistants who agree to work at the VA in underserved com-munities. She also submitted an amendment to address the opioid crisis by creating a pilot program that improves pain man-agement for veterans suffering from opioid addiction and chronic pain. It also requires the VA to assess its abil-ity to treat opioid dependency. It also requires increased access to opioid overdose reversal medication at VA fa-cilities. Access to care and reducing opioid addiction are some of the most press-ing issues facing veterans today, yet neither of her amendments were made in order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. TAKANO. Instead, the majority has once again introduced a partisan bill that violates the due process rights of VA employees and includes several provisions that are likely to be over-turned by our justice system, which is why the Department of Justice, Office of Personnel Management, and the VA itself have all raised serious objections. Even though 30 percent of VA em-ployees are veterans themselves, the majority is treating their constitu-tional rights as inconvenient obstacles to evade instead of fundamental civil service protections to uphold. Finally, I believe that the majority’s efforts to institute new whistleblower provisions would be overturned for the same reason that the U.S. Attorney General’s office said it would not de-fend an unconstitutional section of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.031 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5361 September 13, 2016 
Choice Act. It violates the Appoint-ments Clause in the Constitution by al-lowing lower level government employ-ees to have the final decisionmaking authority to decide whether an em-ployee will be fired. These are more than minor legal con-cerns. They are reasons why VA em-ployees who commit misconduct will not be held accountable when their ter-minations are challenged in court. We can pass H.R. 5620, but we will be right back here a year from now or 2 years from now when the law is deemed un-constitutional. I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule and the underlying bill. b1345 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I feel for the passion of my friend from California, but let’s also get back to some issues of fact here. His amend-ment that was not made in order would not have helped the ITT Tech students. In fact, the VA itself has already said it wouldn’t. By the way, it also costs $50 million. It wouldn’t help the very ones we are claiming it would help, but the VA says this, not us. Again, are we wanting to help some-body or make, again, a political state-ment about a bill that you are trying to figure out a way to vote against? Maybe that is what we are doing here. Also, this issue of bipartisanship. Thirty pieces of legislation have been passed on VA, of which 29 have had Democrat or bipartisan provisions added in them in this Congress. By the way, the Senate has passed none of those. If you want to know who is actu-ally working to fix the problems in the VA, it is the House. To keep bringing up and having a baseline and say we need the baseline of a Senate bill that can’t move, I mean, that is like saying that I still want to play football for the Atlanta Falcons. It is not happening. It is a great, I guess, aspirational goal, but they haven’t called me lately. So let’s move something that actu-ally works. This idea that it is going to be struck down in court, I am an attor-ney; it is conjecture. You don’t have a ruling that says that. You can say it all you want. I can go to the good judge from Texas, Mr. Speaker. Nobody has made a ruling. So it is conjecture. It sounds good in an argument if you are trying to find a reason to vote against it. This bill would harm veterans be-cause veterans make up 35 percent of the VA’s workforce. This one is the one that bothers me a little bit. As some-one who still serves, when you go through training and you work—and many in this room have served—you are trained in the military to the high-est expectations of your service every day. And if you are forced to work with people who do not live up to those ex-pectations, then the immediate punish-ment in the military is real, severe, and actual. This is ridiculous. We are lowering the standard for appeal when you have done something. There has been this argument that we are just picking on the low-level employees. No, it is not. It is for every-one all the way up the chain. In my own home State, Mr. Speaker, we had a gentleman who was directly implicated in the scheduling issues in Augusta and asked for a transfer to At-lanta because he was not liking the working conditions in Augusta. He should have never got a transfer to De-catur. He should have been fired and prosecuted. Now, if we want to keep coming up with reasons to vote against this bill, fine and dandy. Keep it up. When we look at the honesty here of the questions and we look at how we are discussing this and some of the amendments that were made in order, let’s go back to the amendments. Six-teen Democrat amendments made in order, five Republican, one bipartisan. Many of the applications had dual meaning. They were doing basically the same thing, so we made some in order. And then some of the amend-ments that were not made in order would not have done what they said they were going to do anyway. So we are about a rule, about a bill. If you want to vote against it, if you would rather put the appeals process of bad employees ahead of VA actual serv-ices and veterans who need it, then vote against it. But you just framed it. Go spin that one to your local vet-erans service organizations who sup-port these kinds of measures. Go spin that one to them. It is not going to work. They are not buying it. I have been there for a while. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is not a serious proposal to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs, although we cer-tainly know that needs to be done. I think a major bill should be in order to get that done. And the Veterans Ad-ministration is vastly overstretched and we are concerned for the safety and healing of the veterans. My personal hope is that we can get them out of the building business and just do the busi-ness of taking care of veterans’ health and concerns. We should also be voting on a bill that includes the funding that we need to address the Zika virus. The head of the Centers for Disease Control, Tom Frieden, recently warned that, ‘‘The cupboard is bare. Basically, we are out of money and we need Congress to act.’’ Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up legislation that would fully fund the administra-tion’s request to address this public health crisis. This request was made more than 7 months ago to help com-bat the spread of this virus, when I think we would have done better to control it and accelerate research into finding a vaccine. We have, instead, just been left behind in trying to get caught up on some of that. Over that time, the virus is spreading at an alarming rate, as the range of mos-quito transmission far exceeds the ini-tial estimates. It is beyond time for us to finally act. Just today, I read that they have discovered that the Zika virus can cause brain damage to adults, not just to fetuses. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on or-dering the previous question, the rule, and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I guess, as they always try to say, you start off with some-thing positive. So I will start with positive. I agree with the gentlewoman from New York: they need to get out of the building business. They have proved to-tally incompetent. I agree completely. But then let’s get back to the bill. Let’s get back to what we have talked about. What is amazing to me in this whole rules debate, and I am sure will happen in the general debate on this bill, is there is going to be a lot of reasons given to vote ‘‘no’’ and to say this due process or this employee or that. But the bottom line is, when you look at the evidence, I understand we all have constituencies that have different opinions, but at the Veterans Adminis-tration there is only one constituency that matters, and that is the veteran who has served, who is to be served, and to have their dedication honored. To actually come before this body and advocate for a bill that can’t pass the Senate after it has been watered down, that can’t move forward, to ad-vocate to say that we are making every excuse in the world like, You are going to make them at-will employees at the VA—I heard this last night. No, you are not. There is still the same hiring programs. It is just that, if you do something wrong, there is going to be a process to actually remove you. Frank-ly, Mr. Speaker, if the Secretary at the VA can’t do the things he should do, then maybe he should be removed. At this point in time, this House and the Senate, this Congress, and even this administration, have acted. We have provided funds, we have provided resources, and we have provided direc-tion. But you cannot continue to keep 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.032 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5362 September 13, 2016 
building on a faulty foundation. If you can’t get rid of the bad actors in this, if you can’t have an appeals process in which somebody can get an answer in a shorter time than 3 years, there is a problem. Here is the framing of that, Mr. Speaker. If you believe that is okay, then vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous ques-tion, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill. If you think the Sen-ate can pass something, wait for them. But as they say, for such a time as this, you have a moment. It is a mo-ment of choosing. It is a time to de-cide: Are we going to continue to make excuses or are we going to put the vet-erans first—and those veterans who ac-tually work within the VA system, who are tired of watching others abuse it? To actually say, again, Mr. Speaker, that you are going to harm the vet-erans who work for the VA by dis-ciplining bad employees is an affront to every veteran who works at the VA, every Active Duty servicemember, every reservist and guardsman who have lived to the highest standards of honor and integrity and doing their job. There are bad actors everywhere, even in the military; and when found, they are handled efficiently and quick-ly. That exists everywhere else except here. So if you want to continue the status quo, then make speeches. If you want to move something forward and work toward a solution, then you vote ‘‘yes’’ on the previous question, you vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule, and you vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. Then you can go home to your vet-erans service organizations and people trying to get help and say: I tried to move something. I am actually moving for you. Or you can go back and say: You know, I am protecting the employees and the unions and the appeals process and due process while all at the point in time our veterans are dying because they can’t get services. Easy choice, Mr. Speaker. Easy choice. With that, I challenge my colleagues to continue to work on this issue. We can disagree, but that disagreement should never stop us from helping the veterans who need help to lower their appeals time, to get the sufficient or-ganization that they deserve and this country deserves. Not just our vet-erans, but our taxpayers, the citizens who look up to this Government, they deserve a functioning, operating sys-tem that meets the needs to the high-est integrity that they have been given charge to. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 859 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5044) making supple-mental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 5044. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting House Reso-lution 859, if ordered; ordering the pre-vious question on House Resolution 858; and adopting House Resolution 858, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 170, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 498] YEAS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Hanna Hardy Harper Harris 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.034 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5363 September 13, 2016 
Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—170 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—24 
Brady (PA) Castor (FL) Cicilline Costa DesJarlais Duckworth Fincher Guinta Guthrie Hinojosa Israel Johnson, Sam Kirkpatrick Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Meeks Meng Palazzo Payne Pelosi Pompeo Rush Schiff Sewell (AL) Wagner 
b1419 Mr. LOEBSACK and Mrs. NAPOLI-TANO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ZINKE changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on the reso-lution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 169, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 499] YEAS—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—169 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.008 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5364 September 13, 2016 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—21 
Brady (PA) Cicilline DesJarlais Duckworth Fincher Guinta Guthrie Hinojosa Israel Johnson, Sam Kirkpatrick Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Meeks Meng Palazzo Payne Pelosi Pompeo Rush Schiff Sewell (AL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1426 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3590, HALT TAX IN-CREASES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS AND SENIORS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 858) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3590) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the increase in the in-come threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 171, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 500] YEAS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—23 
Brady (PA) Cicilline Clarke (NY) DesJarlais Duckworth Fincher Guinta Guthrie Hinojosa Israel Johnson, Sam Kirkpatrick Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Meeks Meng Palazzo Payne Pelosi Pompeo Rush Schiff Sewell (AL) Stivers 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1432 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: Rollcall No. 500, ‘‘nay.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 239, noes 169, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 501] AYES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.009 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5365 September 13, 2016 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—169 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—23 
Brady (PA) Cicilline DesJarlais Duckworth Fincher Guinta Guthrie Hinojosa Israel Johnson, Sam Kirkpatrick Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Meeks Meng Palazzo Payne Pelosi Pompeo Price (NC) Rush Schiff Sewell (AL) Waters, Maxine 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1438 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall Nos. 498, 499, 500, and 501. 
f 
RESIGNATIONS AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM AND COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RE-SOURCES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tions as a member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Natural Resources: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 13, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I, Matthew A. Cart-wright, am submitting my resignation from the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform and the House Committee on Natural Resources effective immediately. It has been a privilege and honor to have served on these committees as they fought to make government more accountable, transparent, and effective and worked to protect our envi-ronment and natural resources. I look forward to working to shape spend-ing that can have a tremendous effect on the lives of seniors, veterans, children, students, commuters, federal workers, federal contrac-tors, and military service personnel with my new assignment to the House Committee on Appropriations. I will be a powerful voice for a budget that invests in America, creates more good-paying jobs, and strengthens hard-working families. Sincerely, M
ATTCARTWRIGHT . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignations are accept-ed. There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 862 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives: (1) C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS .—Mr. Cartwright. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
STRENGTHENING CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5587) to re-authorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5587 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Effective date. Sec. 5. Table of contents of the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006. Sec. 6. Purpose. Sec. 7. Definitions. Sec. 8. Transition provisions. Sec. 9. Prohibitions. Sec. 10. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES P
ARTA—A LLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION  Sec. 110. Reservations and State allotment. Sec. 111. Within State allocation. Sec. 112. Accountability. Sec. 113. National activities. Sec. 114. Assistance for the outlying areas. Sec. 115. Tribally controlled postsecondary career and technical institu-tions. Sec. 116. Occupational and employment in-formation. P
ARTB—S TATE PROVISIONS  Sec. 121. State plan. Sec. 122. Improvement plans. Sec. 123. State leadership activities. P
ARTC—L OCAL PROVISIONS  Sec. 131. Local application for career and technical education programs. Sec. 132. Local uses of funds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.012 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5366 September 13, 2016 
TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 201. Federal and State administrative provisions. TITLE III—AMENDMENTS TO THE WAGNER-PEYSER ACT Sec. 301. State responsibilities. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect beginning on July 1, 2017. 
SEC. 5. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE CARL D. PERKINS CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ACT OF 2006. 
Section 1(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: ‘‘Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. ‘‘Sec. 2. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 3. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4. Transition provisions. ‘‘Sec. 5. Privacy. ‘‘Sec. 6. Limitation. ‘‘Sec. 7. Special rule. ‘‘Sec. 8. Prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 9. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES ‘‘P
ARTA—A LLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION  ‘‘Sec. 111. Reservations and State allotment. ‘‘Sec. 112. Within State allocation. ‘‘Sec. 113. Accountability. ‘‘Sec. 114. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 115. Assistance for the outlying areas. ‘‘Sec. 116. Native American programs. ‘‘Sec. 117. Tribally controlled postsecondary career and technical institu-tions. ‘‘P
ARTB—S TATE PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 121. State administration. ‘‘Sec. 122. State plan. ‘‘Sec. 123. Improvement plans. ‘‘Sec. 124. State leadership activities. ‘‘P
ARTC—L OCAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 131. Distribution of funds to secondary education programs. ‘‘Sec. 132. Distribution of funds for postsec-ondary education programs. ‘‘Sec. 133. Special rules for career and tech-nical education. ‘‘Sec. 134. Local application for career and technical education programs. ‘‘Sec. 135. Local uses of funds. ‘‘TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘P
ARTA—F EDERAL ADMINISTRATIVE  P
ROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 211. Fiscal requirements. ‘‘Sec. 212. Authority to make payments. ‘‘Sec. 213. Construction. ‘‘Sec. 214. Voluntary selection and participa-tion. ‘‘Sec. 215. Limitation for certain students. ‘‘Sec. 216. Federal laws guaranteeing civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 217. Participation of private school personnel and children. ‘‘Sec. 218. Limitation on Federal regula-tions. ‘‘Sec. 219. Study on programs of study aligned to high-skill, high-wage occupations. ‘‘P
ARTB—S TATE ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 221. Joint funding. ‘‘Sec. 222. Prohibition on use of funds to in-duce out-of-State relocation of businesses. ‘‘Sec. 223. State administrative costs. ‘‘Sec. 224. Student assistance and other Fed-eral programs.’’. SEC. 6. PURPOSE. 
Section 2 (20 U.S.C. 2301) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘academic and career and technical skills’’ and inserting ‘‘academic knowledge and technical and employability skills’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and programs of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, includ-ing tech prep education’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and pro-grams of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’. 
SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 (20 U.S.C. 2302) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (16), (23), (24), (25), (26), and (32); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), (13), (14), (15), (17), (18), (19), (20), (21), (22), (27), (28), (29), (30), (31), (33), and (34) as paragraphs (9), (10), (13), (16), (17), (19), (20), (23), (25), (27), (28), (30), (32), (35), (39), (40), (41), (44), (45), (46), and (47), respectively; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘5 dif-ferent occupational fields to individuals’’ and inserting ‘‘3 different fields, especially in in-demand industry sectors or occupations, that are available to all students’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘not fewer than 5 different occupational fields’’ and inserting ‘‘not fewer than 3 different oc-cupational fields’’; (4) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘coherent and rigorous con-tent aligned with challenging academic standards’’ and inserting ‘‘content at the secondary level aligned with the challenging State academic standards adopted by a State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)), and at the postsecondary level with the rigorous academic content,’’ (II) by striking ‘‘and skills’’ and inserting ‘‘and skills,’’; and (III) by inserting ‘‘, including in in-demand industry sectors or occupations’’ before the semicolon at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, an indus-try-recognized credential, a certificate, or an associate degree’’ and inserting ‘‘or a recog-nized postsecondary credential, which may include an industry-recognized credential’’; and (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, work-based, or other’’ after ‘‘competency-based’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘contributes to the’’ and inserting ‘‘supports the development of’’; (iii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iv) by striking ‘‘general’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, coordinate between secondary and postsecondary edu-cation programs, which may include early college programs with articulation agree-ments, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-gram opportunities, or programs of study; and ‘‘(D) may include career exploration at the high school level or as early as the middle grades (as such term is defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)).’’; (5) in paragraph (7)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(and parents, as appropriate)’’ and inserting ‘‘(and, as appropriate, parents and out-of- school youth)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘fi-nancial aid,’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘finan-cial aid, job training, secondary and postsec-ondary options (including baccalaureate de-gree programs), dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, work-based learning oppor-tunities, and support services.’’; (6) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) CAREER PATHWAYS .—The term ‘career pathways’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (7) by inserting after paragraph (10) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(11) CTE 
CONCENTRATOR .—The term ‘CTE concentrator’ means— ‘‘(A) at the secondary school level, a stu-dent served by an eligible recipient who has— ‘‘(i) completed 3 or more career and tech-nical education courses; or ‘‘(ii) completed at least 2 courses in a sin-gle career and technical education program or program of study; or ‘‘(B) at the postsecondary level, a student enrolled in an eligible recipient who has— ‘‘(i) earned at least 12 cumulative credits within a career and technical education pro-gram or program of study; or ‘‘(ii) completed such a program if the pro-gram encompasses fewer than 12 credits or the equivalent in total. ‘‘(12) CTE 
PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘CTE participant’ means an individual who com-pletes not less than 1 course or earns not less than 1 credit in a career and technical edu-cation program or program of study of an el-igible recipient.’’; (8) by inserting after paragraph (13) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(14) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT .— The term ‘dual or concurrent enrollment’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(15) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘early college high school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801).’’; (9) by inserting after paragraph (17) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(18) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a consortium that— ‘‘(A) shall include at least two of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) a local educational agency; ‘‘(ii) an educational service agency; ‘‘(iii) an eligible institution; ‘‘(iv) an area career and technical edu-cation school; ‘‘(v) a State educational agency; or ‘‘(vi) the Bureau of Indian Education; ‘‘(B) may include a regional, State, or local public or private organization, including a community-based organization, one or more employers, or a qualified intermediary; and ‘‘(C) is led by an entity or partnership of entities described in subparagraph (A).’’; (10) by amending paragraph (19) (as so re-designated by paragraph (2)) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(19) E
LIGIBLE INSTITUTION .—The term ‘eli-gible institution’ means— ‘‘(A) a consortium of 2 or more of the enti-ties described in subparagraphs (B) through (F); ‘‘(B) a public or nonprofit private institu-tion of higher education that offers and will use funds provided under this title in support of career and technical education courses that lead to technical skill proficiency, an industry-recognized credential, a certificate, or an associate degree; ‘‘(C) a local educational agency providing education at the postsecondary level; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5367 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(D) an area career and technical edu-cation school providing education at the postsecondary level; ‘‘(E) a postsecondary educational institu-tion controlled by the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs or operated by or on behalf of any In-dian tribe that is eligible to contract with the Secretary of the Interior for the adminis-tration of programs under the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or the Act of April 16, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 452 et seq.); or ‘‘(F) an educational service agency.’’; (11) by amending paragraph (20) (as so re-designated by paragraph (2)) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(20) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENT .—The term ‘eligi-ble recipient’ means— ‘‘(A) an eligible institution or consortium of eligible institutions eligible to receive as-sistance under section 132; or ‘‘(B) a local educational agency (including a public charter school that operates as a local educational agency), an area career and technical education school, an educational service agency, or a consortium of such enti-ties, eligible to receive assistance under sec-tion 131.’’; (12) by adding after paragraph (20) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(21) E
NGLISH LEARNER .—The term ‘English learner’ means— ‘‘(A) a secondary school student who is an English learner, as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801); or ‘‘(B) an adult or an out-of-school youth who has limited ability in speaking, reading, writing, or understanding the English lan-guage and— ‘‘(i) whose native language is a language other than English; or ‘‘(ii) who lives in a family environment in which a language other than English is the dominant language. ‘‘(22) E
VIDENCE -BASED .—The term ‘evi-dence-based’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101(21)(A) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(21)(A)).’’; (13) by inserting after paragraph (23) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(24) I
N-DEMAND INDUSTRY SECTOR OR OCCU -
PATION .—The term ‘in-demand industry sec-tor or occupation’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (14) by inserting after paragraph (25) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(26) I
NDUSTRY OR SECTOR PARTNERSHIP .— The term ‘industry or sector partnership’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (15) by inserting after paragraph (28) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(29) L
OCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
BOARD .—The term ‘local workforce develop-ment board’ means a local workforce devel-opment board established under section 107 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act.’’; (16) by inserting after paragraph (30) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(31) O
UT-OF-SCHOOL YOUTH .—The term ‘out-of-school youth’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (17) by inserting after paragraph (32) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(33) P
ARAPROFESSIONAL .—The term ‘para-professional’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(34) P
AY FOR SUCCESS INITIATIVE .—The term ‘pay for success initiative’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801), except that such term does not include an initiative that— ‘‘(A) reduces the special education or re-lated services that a student would other-wise receive under the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); or ‘‘(B) otherwise reduces the rights of a stu-dent or the obligations of an entity under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Rehabilita-tion Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), or any other law.’’; (18) by inserting after paragraph (35) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(36) PROGRAM OF STUDY .—The term ‘pro-gram of study’ means a coordinated, non-duplicative sequence of secondary and post-secondary academic and technical content that— ‘‘(A) incorporates challenging State aca-demic standards, including those adopted by a State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)), that— ‘‘(i) address both academic and technical knowledge and skills, including employ-ability skills; and ‘‘(ii) are aligned with the needs of indus-tries in the economy of the State, region, or local area; ‘‘(B) progresses in specificity (beginning with all aspects of an industry or career cluster and leading to more occupational specific instruction); ‘‘(C) has multiple entry and exit points that incorporate credentialing; and ‘‘(D) culminates in the attainment of a rec-ognized postsecondary credential. ‘‘(37) Q
UALIFIED INTERMEDIARY .—The term ‘qualified intermediary’ means a non-profit entity that demonstrates expertise to build, connect, sustain, and measure partnerships with entities such as employers, schools, community-based organizations, postsec-ondary institutions, social service organiza-tions, economic development organizations, and workforce systems to broker services, resources, and supports to youth and the or-ganizations and systems that are designed to serve youth, including— ‘‘(A) connecting employers to classrooms; ‘‘(B) assisting in the design and implemen-tation of career and technical education pro-grams and programs of study; ‘‘(C) delivering professional development; ‘‘(D) connecting students to internships and other work-based learning opportunities; and ‘‘(E) developing personalized student sup-ports. ‘‘(38) R
ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDEN -
TIAL.—The term ‘recognized postsecondary credential’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (19) in paragraph (41) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2))— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘fos-ter children’’ and inserting ‘‘youth who are in or have aged out of the foster care sys-tem’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘indi-viduals with limited English proficiency.’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners;’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) homeless individuals described in sec-tion 725 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a); and ‘‘(H) youth with a parent who— ‘‘(i) is a member of the armed forces (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code); and ‘‘(ii) is on active duty (as such term is de-fined in section 101(d)(1) of such title).’’; (20) by inserting after paragraph (41) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(42) SPECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instruc-tional support personnel’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(43) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
SERVICES .—The term ‘specialized instruc-tional support services’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801).’’; (21) in paragraph (45) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2)) by inserting ‘‘(including para-professionals and specialized instructional support personnel)’’ after ‘‘supportive per-sonnel’’; and (22) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(48) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .— The term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(49) W
ORK-BASED LEARNING .—The term ‘work-based learning’ means sustained inter-actions with industry or community profes-sionals in real workplace settings, to the ex-tent practicable, or simulated environments at an educational institution that foster in- depth, first-hand engagement with the tasks required of a given career field, that are aligned to curriculum and instruction.’’. 
SEC. 8. TRANSITION PROVISIONS. 
Section 4 (20 U.S.C. 2303) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary determines to be appropriate’’ and inserting ‘‘are nec-essary’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Edu-cation for the 21st Century Act’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘1998’’ and inserting ‘‘2006’’. 
SEC. 9. PROHIBITIONS. 
Section 8 (20 U.S.C. 2306a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Federal Government to mandate,’’ and all that fol-lows through the end and inserting ‘‘Federal Government— ‘‘(1) to condition or incentivize the receipt of any grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment, or the receipt of any priority or pref-erence under such grant, contract, or cooper-ative agreement, upon a State, local edu-cational agency, eligible agency, eligible re-cipient, eligible entity, or school’s adoption or implementation of specific instructional content, academic standards and assess-ments, curricula, or program of instruction (including any condition, priority, or pref-erence to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other aca-demic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, in-structional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards); ‘‘(2) through grants, contracts, or other co-operative agreements, to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, el-igible agency, eligible recipient, eligible en-tity, or school’s specific instructional con-tent, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction (includ-ing any requirement, direction, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards); and ‘‘(3) except as required under sections 112(b), 211(b), and 223— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5368 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(A) to mandate, direct, or control the al-location of State or local resources; or ‘‘(B) to mandate that a State or a political subdivision of a State spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and redesig-nating subsection (e) as subsection (d). 
SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 9 (20 U.S.C. 2307) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are to be authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act (other than sec-tions 114 and 117)— ‘‘(1) $1,133,002,074 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $1,148,618,465 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $1,164,450,099 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(4) $1,180,499,945 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(5) $1,196,771,008 for fiscal year 2021; and ‘‘(6) $1,213,266,339 for fiscal year 2022.’’. TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES PART A—ALLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION 
SEC. 110. RESERVATIONS AND STATE ALLOT-MENT. 
Paragraph (5) of section 111(a) (20 U.S.C. 2321(a)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘No State’’ and inserting ‘‘For each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019, no State’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A), as amended by paragraph (1), the following: ‘‘(B) F
ISCAL YEAR 2020 AND EACH SUCCEEDING  
FISCAL YEAR .—For fiscal year 2020 and each of the succeeding fiscal years, no State shall receive an allotment under this section for a fiscal year that is less than 90 percent of the allotment the State received under this sec-tion for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and (4) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B)’’. 
SEC. 111. WITHIN STATE ALLOCATION. 
Section 112 (20 U.S.C. 2322) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘10 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘1 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘State correctional institu-tions and institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘State correctional institutions, juvenile justice fa-cilities, and educational institutions’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘avail-able for services’’ and inserting ‘‘available to assist eligible recipients in providing serv-ices’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘a local plan;’’ and inserting ‘‘local applications;’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 135’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘section 135— ‘‘(1) in— ‘‘(A) rural areas; ‘‘(B) areas with high percentages of CTE concentrators or CTE participants; and ‘‘(C) areas with high numbers of CTE con-centrators or CTE participants; and ‘‘(2) in order to— ‘‘(A) foster innovation through the identi-fication and promotion of promising and proven career and technical education pro-grams, practices, and strategies, which may include practices and strategies that prepare individuals for nontraditional fields; or ‘‘(B) promote the development, implemen-tation, and adoption of programs of study or career pathways aligned with State-identi-fied in-demand occupations or industries.’’. SEC. 112. ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 113 (20 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘com-prised of the activities’’ and inserting ‘‘com-prising the activities’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (B) and redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (B) in paragraph (1)(B), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘, and State levels of perform-ance described in paragraph (3)(B) for each additional indicator of performance’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
NDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(A) C
ORE INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE FOR  
CTE CONCENTRATORS AT THE SECONDARY  
LEVEL .—Each eligible agency shall identify in the State plan core indicators of perform-ance for CTE concentrators at the secondary level that are valid and reliable, and that in-clude, at a minimum, measures of each of the following: ‘‘(i) The percentage of CTE concentrators who graduate high school, as measured by— ‘‘(I) the four-year adjusted cohort gradua-tion rate (defined in section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); and ‘‘(II) at the State’s discretion, the ex-tended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate defined in such section 8101 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(ii) CTE concentrator attainment of chal-lenging State academic standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)), and measured by the academic assessments described in sec-tion 1111(b)(2) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)). ‘‘(iii) The percentage of CTE concentrators who, in the second quarter following the pro-gram year after exiting from secondary edu-cation, are in postsecondary education or ad-vanced training, military service, or unsub-sidized employment. ‘‘(iv) Not less than one indicator of career and technical education program quality that— ‘‘(I) shall include, not less than one of the following— ‘‘(aa) the percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having attained recognized postsecondary credentials; ‘‘(bb) the percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having attained postsecondary credits in the relevant career and technical educational program or pro-gram of study earned through dual and con-current enrollment or another credit trans-fer agreement; or ‘‘(cc) the percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having partici-pated in work-based learning; and ‘‘(II) may include any other measure of student success in career and technical edu-cation that is statewide, valid, and reliable. ‘‘(v) The percentage of CTE concentrators in career and technical education programs and programs of study that lead to nontradi-tional fields. ‘‘(B) C
ORE INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE FOR  
CTE CONCENTRATORS AT THE POSTSECONDARY  
LEVEL .—Each eligible agency shall identify in the State plan core indicators of perform-ance for CTE concentrators at the postsec-ondary level that are valid and reliable, and that include, at a minimum, measures of each of the following: ‘‘(i) The percentage of CTE concentrators, who, during the second quarter after pro-gram completion, are in education or train-ing activities, advanced training, or unsub-sidized employment. ‘‘(ii) The median earnings of CTE con-centrators in unsubsidized employment two quarters after program completion. ‘‘(iii) The percentage of CTE concentrators who receive a recognized postsecondary cre-dential during participation in or within 1 year of program completion. ‘‘(iv) The percentage of CTE concentrators in career and technical education programs and programs of study that lead to nontradi-tional fields. ‘‘(C) ALIGNMENT OF PERFORMANCE INDICA -
TORS .—In developing core indicators of per-formance under subparagraphs (A) and (B), an eligible agency shall, to the greatest ex-tent possible, align the indicators so that substantially similar information gathered for other State and Federal programs, or for any other purpose, may be used to meet the requirements of this section.’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) S
TATE ADJUSTED LEVELS OF PERFORM -
ANCE FOR CORE INDICATORS OF PERFORM -
ANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each eligible agency, with input from eligible recipients, shall es-tablish and identify in the State plan sub-mitted under section 122, for the first 2 pro-gram years covered by the State plan, levels of performance for each of the core indica-tors of performance described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) for career and technical education activities author-ized under this title. The levels of perform-ance established under this subparagraph shall, at a minimum— ‘‘(I) be expressed in a percentage or numer-ical form, so as to be objective, quantifiable, and measurable; and ‘‘(II) be sufficiently ambitious to allow for meaningful evaluation of program quality. ‘‘(ii) S
TATE ADJUSTED LEVELS OF PERFORM -
ANCE FOR SUBSEQUENT YEARS .—Prior to the third program year covered by the State plan, each eligible agency shall revise the State levels of performance for each of the core indicators of performance for the subse-quent program years covered by the State plan, taking into account the extent to which such levels of performance promote meaningful program improvement on such indicators. The State adjusted levels of per-formance identified under this clause shall be considered to be the State adjusted levels of performance for the State for such years and shall be incorporated into the State plan. ‘‘(iii) R
EPORTING .—The eligible agency shall, for each year described in clauses (i) and (iii), publicly report and widely dissemi-nate the State levels of performance de-scribed in this subparagraph. ‘‘(iv) R
EVISIONS .—If unanticipated cir-cumstances arise in a State, the eligible agency may revise the State adjusted levels of performance required under this subpara-graph, and submit such revised levels of per-formance with evidence supporting the revi-sion and demonstrating public consultation, in a manner consistent with the process de-scribed in subsections (d) and (f) of section 122.’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) A
CTUAL LEVELS OF PERFORMANCE .—At the end of each program year, the eligible agency shall determine actual levels of per-formance on each of the core indicators of performance and publicly report and widely disseminate the actual levels of performance described in this subparagraph.’’; and (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i)(I), by striking ‘‘consistent with the State levels of performance estab-lished under paragraph (3), so as’’ and insert-ing ‘‘consistent with the form expressed in the State levels, so as’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5369 September 13, 2016 
(II) by striking clause (i)(II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(II) be sufficiently ambitious to allow for meaningful evaluation of program quality.’’; (III) in clause (iv)— (aa) by striking ‘‘third and fifth program years’’ and inserting ‘‘third program year’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘corresponding’’ before ‘‘subsequent program years’’; (IV) in clause (v)— (aa) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-clause (I); (bb) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); (cc) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) local economic conditions;’’; (dd) in subclause (III), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘promote continuous improve-ment on the core indicators of performance by the eligible recipient.’’ and inserting ‘‘ad-vance the eligible recipient’s accomplish-ments of the goals set forth in the local ap-plication; and’’; and (ee) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) the eligible recipient’s ability and capacity to collect and access valid, reliable, and cost effective data.’’; (V) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘or changes occur related to improvements in data or measurement approaches,’’ after ‘‘factors de-scribed in clause (v),’’; and (VI) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) R
EPORTING .—The eligible recipient shall, for each year described in clauses (iii) and (iv), publicly report the local levels of performance described in this subpara-graph.’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and redes-ignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (iii) in clause (ii)(I) of subparagraph (B), as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘section 3(29)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 3(40)’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘S
TATE ’’ before ‘‘R
EPORT ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘infor-mation on the levels of performance achieved by the State with respect to the ad-ditional indicators of performance, including the’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘categories’’ and inserting ‘‘subgroups’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii)’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘section 3(29)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 3(40)’’. 
SEC. 113. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
Section 114 (20 U.S.C. 2324) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘The Sec-retary shall, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the Institute for Education Sciences,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘from eligible agencies under section 113(c)’’ after ‘‘pursuant to this title’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EASONABLE COST.—The Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary to secure at reasonable cost the information required by this title. To ensure reasonable cost, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Center for Education Statistics and the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education shall determine the methodology to be used and the frequency with which such information is to be collected.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘, directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-ments,’’ and inserting ‘‘directly or through grants’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and assessment’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, act-ing through the Director of the Institute for Education Sciences,’’ after ‘‘describe how the Secretary’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Director of the Insti-tute for Education Sciences,’’ after ‘‘the Sec-retary’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Di-rector of the Institute for Education Sciences,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘and the plan developed under subsection (c)’’ after ‘‘described in paragraph (2)’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘assessment’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘evalua-tion’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (II) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, which may include individuals with expertise in addressing in-equities in access to, and in opportunities for academic and technical skill attainment; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) representatives of special popu-lations.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘AND AS -
SESSMENT ’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Di-rector of the Institute for Education Sciences,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary’’; (II) by striking ‘‘an independent evaluation and assessment’’ and inserting ‘‘a series of research and evaluation initiatives for each year for which funds are appropriated to carry out this Act, which are aligned with the plan in subsection (c)(2),’’; (III) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ and ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘, contracts, and coopera-tive agreements that are’’ and inserting ‘‘to institutions of higher education or a con-sortia of one or more institutions of higher education and one or more private nonprofit organizations or agencies’’; and (V) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such evaluation shall, whenever possible, use the most recent data available.’’; and (iii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The evaluation required under subparagraph (A) shall include descrip-tions and evaluations of— ‘‘(i) the extent and success of the integra-tion of challenging State academic standards adopted under 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)) and career and technical education for students participating in ca-reer and technical education programs, in-cluding a review of the effect of such integra-tion on the academic and technical pro-ficiency achievement of such students (in-cluding the number of such students that re-ceive a regular high school diploma, as such term is defined under section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 or a State-defined alternative diploma described in section 8101(25)(A)(ii)(I)(bb) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 7801(25)(A)(ii)(I)(bb))); ‘‘(ii) the extent to which career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study prepare students, including special populations, for subsequent employment in high-skill, high-wage occupations (including those in which mathematics and science, which may include computer science, skills are critical), or for participation in postsec-ondary education; ‘‘(iii) employer involvement in, benefit from, and satisfaction with, career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study and career and technical education students’ preparation for employment; ‘‘(iv) efforts to expand access to career and technical education programs of study for all students; ‘‘(v) innovative approaches to work-based learning programs that increase participa-tion and alignment with employment in high-growth industries, including in rural and low-income areas; ‘‘(vi) the impact of the amendments to this Act made under the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act, including comparisons, where ap-propriate, of— ‘‘(I) the use of the comprehensive needs as-sessment under section 134(b); ‘‘(II) the implementation of programs of study; and ‘‘(III) coordination of planning and pro-gram delivery with other relevant laws, in-cluding the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) and the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); ‘‘(vii) changes in career and technical edu-cation program accountability as described in section 113 and any effects of such changes on program delivery and program quality; and ‘‘(viii) changes in student enrollment pat-terns.’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Director of the Institute for Education Sciences,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (bb) in subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘assessment’’ and insert-ing ‘‘evaluation and summary of research ac-tivities carried out under this section’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘2010’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (cc) in subclause (II)— (AA) by striking ‘‘assessment’’ and insert-ing ‘‘evaluation and summary of research ac-tivities carried out under this section’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (II) by adding after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) DISSEMINATION .—In addition to sub-mitting the reports required under clause (i), the Secretary shall disseminate the results of the evaluation widely and on a timely basis in order to increase the understanding among State and local officials and edu-cators of the effectiveness of programs and activities supported under the Act and of the career and technical education programs that are most likely to produce positive edu-cational and employment outcomes.’’; and (C) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) I
NNOVATION .— ‘‘(A) G
RANT PROGRAM .—To identify and support innovative strategies and activities to improve career and technical education and align workforce skills with labor market needs as part of the plan developed under subsection (c) and the requirements of this subsection, the Secretary may award grants to eligible entities to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5370 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(i) create, develop, implement, or take to scale evidence-based, field initiated innova-tions, including through a pay for success initiative to improve student outcomes in career and technical education; and ‘‘(ii) rigorously evaluate such innovations. ‘‘(B) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— ‘‘(i) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .—Except as provided under clause (ii), to receive a grant under this paragraph, an eligible entity shall, through cash or in-kind contributions, provide matching funds from public or pri-vate sources in an amount equal to at least 50 percent of the funds provided under such grant. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive the matching fund requirement under clause (i) if the eligible entity demonstrates excep-tional circumstances. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION .—To receive a grant under this paragraph, an eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary at such a time as the Secretary may require, an application that— ‘‘(i) identifies and designates the agency, institution, or school responsible for the ad-ministration and supervision of the program assisted under this paragraph; ‘‘(ii) identifies the source and amount of the matching funds required under subpara-graph (B)(i); ‘‘(iii) describes how the eligible entity will use the grant funds, including how such funds will directly benefit students, includ-ing special populations, served by the eligi-ble entity; ‘‘(iv) describes how the program assisted under this paragraph will be coordinated with the activities carried out under section 124 or 135; ‘‘(v) describes how the program assisted under this paragraph aligns with the single plan described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(vi) describes how the program assisted under this paragraph will be evaluated and how that evaluation may inform the report described in subsection (d)(2)(C). ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications from eligible entities that will predominantly serve students from low-income families. ‘‘(E) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In awarding grants under this paragraph, the Secretary shall award no less than 25 percent of the total available funds for any fiscal year to eligible entities proposing to fund career and technical edu-cation activities that serve— ‘‘(I) a local educational agency with an urban-centric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) an institution of higher education pri-marily serving the one or more areas served by such a local educational agency; ‘‘(III) a consortium of such local edu-cational agencies or such institutions of higher education; ‘‘(IV) a partnership between— ‘‘(aa) an educational service agency or a nonprofit organization; and ‘‘(bb) such a local educational agency or such an institution of higher education; or ‘‘(V) a partnership between— ‘‘(aa) a grant recipient described in sub-clause (I) or (II); and ‘‘(bb) a State educational agency. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding clause (i), the Secretary shall reduce the amount of funds made available under such clause if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient num-ber of applications of sufficient quality. ‘‘(F) U
SES OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity that is awarded a grant under this paragraph shall use the grant funds, in a manner con-sistent with subparagraph (A)(i), to— ‘‘(i) improve career and technical edu-cation outcomes of students served by eligi-ble entities under this title; ‘‘(ii) improve career and technical edu-cation teacher effectiveness; ‘‘(iii) improve the transition of students from secondary education to postsecondary education or employment; ‘‘(iv) improve the incorporation of com-prehensive work-based learning into career and technical education; ‘‘(v) increase the effective use of tech-nology within career and technical education programs; ‘‘(vi) support new models for integrating academic content and career and technical education content in such programs; ‘‘(vii) support the development and en-hancement of innovative delivery models for career and technical education; ‘‘(viii) work with industry to design and implement courses or programs of study aligned to labor market needs in new or emerging fields; ‘‘(ix) integrate science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics fields, including computer science education, with career and technical education; ‘‘(x) support innovative approaches to ca-reer and technical education by redesigning the high school experience for students, which may include evidence-based transi-tional support strategies for students who have not met postsecondary education eligi-bility requirements; ‘‘(xi) improve CTE concentrator employ-ment outcomes in nontraditional fields; or ‘‘(xii) support the use of career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study in a coordinated strategy to address identified employer needs and workforce shortages, such as shortages in the early childhood, elementary school, and secondary school education workforce. ‘‘(G) EVALUATION .—Each eligible entity re-ceiving a grant under this paragraph shall provide for an independent evaluation of the activities carried out using such grant and submit to the Secretary an annual report that includes— ‘‘(i) a description of how funds received under this paragraph were used; ‘‘(ii) the performance of the eligible entity with respect to, at a minimum, the perform-ance indicators described under section 113, as applicable, and disaggregated by— ‘‘(I) subgroups of students described in sec-tion 1111(c)(2)(B) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(c)(2)(B)); ‘‘(II) special populations; and ‘‘(III) as appropriate, each career and tech-nical education program and program of study; and ‘‘(iii) a quantitative analysis of the effec-tiveness of the project carried out under this paragraph.’’; and (5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $7,523,285 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $7,626,980 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $7,732,104 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(4) $7,838,677 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(5) $7,946,719 for fiscal year 2021; and ‘‘(6) $8,056,251 for fiscal year 2022.’’. 
SEC. 114. ASSISTANCE FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS. 
Section 115 (20 U.S.C. 2325) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘subject to subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to subsection (b)’’; (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c); and (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (b). SEC. 115. TRIBALLY CONTROLLED POSTSEC-ONDARY CAREER AND TECHNICAL INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 117(i) (20 U.S.C. 2327(i)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $8,400,208 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $8,515,989 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $8,633,367 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(4) $8,752,362 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(5) $8,872,998 for fiscal year 2021; and ‘‘(6) $8,995,296 for fiscal year 2022.’’. 
SEC. 116. OCCUPATIONAL AND EMPLOYMENT IN-FORMATION. 
Section 118 (20 U.S.C. 2328) is repealed. PART B—STATE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 121. STATE PLAN. 
Section 122 (20 U.S.C. 2342) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘6-year period’’ and insert-ing ‘‘4-year period’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘6-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘4-year period’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘(includ-ing charter school’’ and all that follows through ‘‘and community organizations)’’ and inserting ‘‘(including teachers, special-ized instructional support personnel, para-professionals, school leaders, authorized pub-lic chartering agencies, and charter school leaders, consistent with State law, employ-ers, labor organizations, parents, students, and community organizations)’’; and (2) by amending subsections (b), (c), (d), and (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) O
PTIONS FOR SUBMISSION OF STATE  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) C
OMBINED PLAN .—The eligible agency may submit a combined plan that meets the requirements of this section and the require-ments of section 103 of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3113), unless the eligible agency opts to submit a single plan under paragraph (2) and informs the Secretary of such decision. ‘‘(2) S
INGLE PLAN .—If the eligible agency elects not to submit a combined plan as de-scribed in paragraph (1), such eligible agency shall submit a single State plan. ‘‘(c) P
LANDEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The eligible agency shall— ‘‘(A) develop the State plan in consultation with— ‘‘(i) representatives of secondary and post-secondary career and technical education programs, including eligible recipients and representatives of two-year Minority-Serv-ing Institutions and Historically Black Col-leges and Universities in States where such institutions are in existence, and charter school representatives in States where such schools are in existence, which shall include teachers, school leaders, specialized instruc-tional support personnel (including guidance counselors), and paraprofessionals; ‘‘(ii) interested community representa-tives, including parents and students; ‘‘(iii) the State workforce development board described in section 101 of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111); ‘‘(iv) representatives of special popu-lations; ‘‘(v) representatives of business and indus-try (including representatives of small busi-ness), which shall include representatives of industry and sector partnerships in the State, as appropriate, and representatives of labor organizations in the State; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5371 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(vi) representatives of agencies serving out-of-school youth, homeless children and youth, and at-risk youth; and ‘‘(vii) representatives of Indian tribes lo-cated in the State; and ‘‘(B) consult the Governor of the State, and the heads of other State agencies with au-thority for career and technical education programs that are not the eligible agency, with respect to the development of the State plan. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES AND PROCEDURES .—The eli- gible agency shall develop effective activi-ties and procedures, including access to in-formation needed to use such procedures, to allow the individuals and entities described in paragraph (1) to participate in State and local decisions that relate to development of the State plan. ‘‘(d) P
LANCONTENTS .—The State plan shall include— ‘‘(1) a summary of State-supported work-force development activities (including edu-cation and training) in the State, including the degree to which the State’s career and technical education programs and programs of study are aligned with such activities; ‘‘(2) the State’s strategic vision and set of goals for preparing an educated and skilled workforce (including special populations) and for meeting the skilled workforce needs of employers, including in-demand industry sectors and occupations as identified by the State, and how the State’s career and tech-nical education programs will help to meet these goals; ‘‘(3) a summary of the strategic planning elements of the unified State plan required under section 102(b)(1) of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3112(b)(1)), including the elements related to system alignment under section 102(b)(2)(B) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3112(b)(2)(B)); ‘‘(4) a description of the career and tech-nical education programs or programs of study that will be supported, developed, or improved, including descriptions of— ‘‘(A) the programs of study to be developed at the State level and made available for adoption by eligible recipients; ‘‘(B) the process and criteria to be used for approving locally developed programs of study or career pathways, including how such programs address State workforce de-velopment and education needs; and ‘‘(C) how the eligible agency will— ‘‘(i) make information on approved pro-grams of study and career pathways, includ-ing career exploration, work-based learning opportunities, guidance and advisement re-sources, available to students and parents; ‘‘(ii) ensure nonduplication of eligible re-cipients’ development of programs of study and career pathways; ‘‘(iii) determine alignment of eligible re-cipients’ programs of study to the State, re-gional or local economy, including in-de-mand fields and occupations identified by the State workforce development board as appropriate; ‘‘(iv) provide equal access to activities as-sisted under this Act for special populations; ‘‘(v) coordinate with the State workforce board to support the local development of ca-reer pathways and articulate processes by which career pathways will be developed by local workforce development boards; ‘‘(vi) use State, regional, or local labor market data to align career and technical education with State labor market needs; ‘‘(vii) support effective and meaningful col-laboration between secondary schools, post-secondary institutions, and employers; and ‘‘(viii) improve outcomes for CTE con-centrators, including those who are members of special populations; ‘‘(5) a description of the criteria and proc-ess for how the eligible agency will approve eligible recipients for funds under this Act, including how— ‘‘(A) each eligible recipient will promote academic achievement; ‘‘(B) each eligible recipient will promote skill attainment, including skill attainment that leads to a recognized postsecondary cre-dential; and ‘‘(C) each eligible recipient will ensure the local needs assessment under section 134 takes into consideration local economic and education needs, including where appro-priate, in-demand industry sectors and occu-pations; ‘‘(6) a description of how the eligible agen-cy will support the recruitment and prepara-tion of teachers, including special education teachers, faculty, administrators, specialized instructional support personnel, and para-professionals to provide career and technical education instruction, leadership, and sup-port; ‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible agen-cy will use State leadership funding to meet the requirements of section 124(b); ‘‘(8) a description of how funds received by the eligible agency through the allotment made under section 111 will be distributed— ‘‘(A) among career and technical education at the secondary level, or career and tech-nical education at the postsecondary and adult level, or both, including how such dis-tribution will most effectively provide stu-dents with the skills needed to succeed in the workplace; and ‘‘(B) among any consortia that may be formed among secondary schools and eligible institutions, and how funds will be distrib-uted among the members of the consortia, including the rationale for such distribution and how it will most effectively provide stu-dents with the skills needed to succeed in the workplace; ‘‘(9) a description of the procedure the eli-gible agency will adopt for determining State adjusted levels of performance de-scribed in section 113, which at a minimum shall include— ‘‘(A) consultation with stakeholders identi-fied in paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) opportunities for the public to com-ment in person and in writing on the State adjusted levels of performance included in the State plan; and ‘‘(C) submission of public comment on State adjusted levels of performance as part of the State plan; and ‘‘(10) assurances that— ‘‘(A) the eligible agency will comply with the requirements of this Act and the provi-sions of the State plan, including the provi-sion of a financial audit of funds received under this Act, which may be included as part of an audit of other Federal or State programs; ‘‘(B) none of the funds expended under this Act will be used to acquire equipment (in-cluding computer software) in any instance in which such acquisition results in a direct financial benefit to any organization rep-resenting the interests of the acquiring enti-ty or the employees of the acquiring entity, or any affiliate of such an organization; ‘‘(C) the eligible agency will use the funds to promote preparation for high-skill, high- wage, or in-demand occupations and non-traditional fields, as identified by the State; ‘‘(D) the eligible agency will use the funds provided under this Act to implement career and technical education programs and pro-grams of study for individuals in State cor-rectional institutions, including juvenile jus-tice facilities; and ‘‘(E) the eligible agency will provide local educational agencies, area career and tech-nical education schools, and eligible institu-tions in the State with technical assistance, including technical assistance on how to close gaps in student participation and per-formance in career and technical education programs. ‘‘(e) CONSULTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The eligible agency shall develop the portion of each State plan relat-ing to the amount and uses of any funds pro-posed to be reserved for adult career and technical education, postsecondary career and technical education, and secondary ca-reer and technical education after consulta-tion with the— ‘‘(A) State agency responsible for super-vision of community colleges, technical in-stitutes, or other 2-year postsecondary insti-tutions primarily engaged in providing post-secondary career and technical education; ‘‘(B) the State agency responsible for sec-ondary education; and ‘‘(C) the State agency responsible for adult education. ‘‘(2) O
BJECTIONS OF STATE AGENCIES .—If a State agency other than the eligible agency finds that a portion of the final State plan is objectionable, that objection shall be filed together with the State plan. The eligible agency shall respond to any objections of such State agency in the State plan sub-mitted to the Secretary. ‘‘(f) P
LANAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove a State plan, or a revision to an ap-proved State plan, unless the Secretary de-termines that the State plan, or revision, re-spectively, does not meet the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(2) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) have the authority to disapprove a State plan only if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) determines how the State plan fails to meet the requirements of this Act; and ‘‘(ii) immediately provides to the State, in writing, notice of such determination and the supporting information and rationale to substantiate such determination; and ‘‘(B) not finally disapprove a State plan, except after making the determination and providing the information described in sub-paragraph (A) and giving the eligible agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. ‘‘(3) T
IMEFRAME .—A State plan shall be deemed approved by the Secretary if the Sec-retary has not responded to the eligible agency regarding the State plan within 90 days of the date the Secretary receives the State plan.’’. 
SEC. 122. IMPROVEMENT PLANS. 
Section 123 (20 U.S.C. 2343) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘percent of an agreed upon’’ and inserting ‘‘percent of the’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘appropriate agencies,’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriate State agencies,’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘including after implemen-tation of the improvement plan described in paragraph (1),’’ after ‘‘purposes of this Act,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Act’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the eligible agency fails to make any improvement in meeting any of the State adjusted levels of perform-ance for any of the core indicators of per-formance identified under paragraph (1) dur-ing the first 2 years of implementation of the improvement plan required under paragraph (1), the eligible agency— ‘‘(i) shall revise such improvement plan to address the reasons for such failure; and ‘‘(ii) shall continue to implement such im-provement plan until the eligible agency meets at least 90 percent of the State ad-justed level of performance for the same core 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5372 September 13, 2016 
indicators of performance for which the plan is revised.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sanc-tion in’’ and inserting ‘‘requirements of’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (4); (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the eligi-ble agency, appropriate agencies, individ-uals, and organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘local stakeholders included in section 134(d)(1)’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘shall work with the eligible recipient to imple-ment improvement activities consistent with the requirements of this Act.’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall provide technical assistance to assist the eligible recipient in meeting its re-sponsibilities under section 134.’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the eligible recipient fails to make any improvement in meeting any of the local adjusted levels of perform-ance for any of the core indicators of per-formance identified under paragraph (2) dur-ing a number of years determined by the eli-gible agency, the eligible recipient— ‘‘(i) shall revise the improvement plan de-scribed in paragraph (2) to address the rea-sons for such failure; and ‘‘(ii) shall continue to implement such im-provement plan until such recipient meets at least 90 percent of an agreed upon local ad-justed level of performance for the same core indicators of performance for which the plan is revised.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘In determining whether to impose sanctions under subparagraph (A), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘waive imposing sanc-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘waive the require-ments of subparagraph (A)’’; (II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (III) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) in response to a public request from an eligible recipient consistent with clauses (i) and (ii).’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (5); and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
LAN DEVELOPMENT .—Except for con-sultation described in subsection (b)(2), the State and local improvement plans, and the elements of such plans, required under this section shall be developed solely by the eligi-ble agency or the eligible recipient, respec-tively.’’. 
SEC. 123. STATE LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES. 
Section 124 (20 U.S.C. 2344) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘shall conduct State leadership activities.’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall— ‘‘(1) conduct State leadership activities di-rectly; and ‘‘(2) report on the effectiveness of such use of funds in achieving the goals described in section 122(d)(2) and the State adjusted levels of performance described in section 113(b)(3)(A).’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) developing statewide programs of study, which may include standards, cur-riculum, and course development, and career exploration, guidance, and advisement ac-tivities and resources; ‘‘(2) approving locally developed programs of study that meet the requirements estab-lished in section 122(d)(4)(B); ‘‘(3) establishing statewide articulation agreements aligned to approved programs of study; ‘‘(4) establishing statewide partnerships among local educational agencies, institu-tions of higher education, and employers, in-cluding small businesses, to develop and im-plement programs of study aligned to State and local economic and education needs, in-cluding as appropriate, in-demand industry sectors and occupations;’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (6) through (9) and inserting the following: ‘‘(6) support services for individuals in State institutions, such as State correc-tional institutions, including juvenile justice facilities, and educational institutions that serve individuals with disabilities; ‘‘(7) for faculty and teachers providing ca-reer and technical education instruction, support services, and specialized instruc-tional support services, high-quality com-prehensive professional development that is, to the extent practicable, grounded in evi-dence-based research (to the extent a State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) that identifies the most effective educator professional development process and is coordinated and aligned with other professional development activities carried out by the State (including under title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.) and title II of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.)), including programming that— ‘‘(A) promotes the integration of the chal-lenging State academic standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)) and relevant tech-nical knowledge and skills; ‘‘(B) prepares career and technical edu-cation teachers, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals to provide appropriate accommodations for stu-dents who are members of special popu-lations, including through the use of prin-ciples of universal design for learning; and ‘‘(C) increases understanding of industry standards, as appropriate, for faculty pro-viding career and technical education in-struction; and ‘‘(8) technical assistance for eligible recipi-ents.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking para-graphs (1) through (17) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) awarding incentive grants to eligible recipients— ‘‘(A) for exemplary performance in car-rying out programs under this Act, which awards shall be based on— ‘‘(i) eligible recipients exceeding the local adjusted level of performance established under section 113(b)(4)(A) in a manner that reflects sustained or significant improve-ment; ‘‘(ii) eligible recipients effectively devel-oping connections between secondary edu-cation and postsecondary education and training; ‘‘(iii) the integration of academic and tech-nical standards; ‘‘(iv) eligible recipients’ progress in closing achievement gaps among subpopulations who participate in programs of study; or ‘‘(v) other factors relating to the perform-ance of eligible recipients under this Act as the eligible agency determines are appro-priate; or ‘‘(B) if an eligible recipient elects to use funds as permitted under section 135(c); ‘‘(2) providing support for the adoption and integration of recognized postsecondary cre-dentials or for consultation and coordination with other State agencies for the identifica-tion, consolidation, or elimination of li-censes or certifications which pose an unnec-essary barrier to entry for aspiring workers and provide limited consumer protection; ‘‘(3) the creation, implementation, and sup-port of pay-for-success initiatives leading to recognized postsecondary credentials; ‘‘(4) support for career and technical edu-cation programs for adults and out-of-school youth concurrent with their completion of their secondary school education in a school or other educational setting; ‘‘(5) the creation, evaluation, and support of competency-based curricula; ‘‘(6) support for the development, imple-mentation, and expansion of programs of study or career pathways in areas declared to be in a state of emergency under section 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5191); ‘‘(7) providing support for dual or concur-rent enrollment programs, such as early col-lege high schools; ‘‘(8) improvement of career guidance and academic counseling programs that assist students in making informed academic and career and technical education decisions, in-cluding academic and financial aid coun-seling; ‘‘(9) support for the integration of employ-ability skills into career and technical edu-cation programs and programs of study; ‘‘(10) support for programs and activities that increase access, student engagement, and success in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics fields (including com-puter science), particularly for students who are members of groups underrepresented in such subject fields, such as female students, minority students, and students who are members of special populations; ‘‘(11) support for career and technical stu-dent organizations, especially with respect to efforts to increase the participation of students who are members of special popu-lations; ‘‘(12) support for establishing and expand-ing work-based learning opportunities; ‘‘(13) support for preparing, retaining, and training of career and technical education teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, such as preservice, professional development, and leadership development programs; ‘‘(14) integrating and aligning programs of study and career pathways; ‘‘(15) supporting the use of career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study aligned with State, regional, or local in-demand industry sectors or occupations identified by State or local workforce devel-opment boards; ‘‘(16) making all forms of instructional content widely available, which may include use of open educational resources; ‘‘(17) support for the integration of arts and design skills, when appropriate, into ca-reer and technical education programs and programs of study; and ‘‘(18) support for accelerated learning pro-grams (described in section 4104(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7114(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV)) when any such program is part of a program of study.’’. PART C—LOCAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 131. LOCAL APPLICATION FOR CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 134 (20 U.S.C. 2354) is amended— (1) in the section heading by striking ‘‘
LOCAL PLAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘ LOCAL APPLICA -
TION’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘L
OCAL  P
LAN’’ and inserting ‘‘L OCAL APPLICATION ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘submit a local plan’’ and inserting ‘‘submit a local application’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Such local plan’’ and in-serting ‘‘Such local application’’; and (3) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5373 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(b) C ONTENTS .—The eligible agency shall determine the requirements for local appli-cations, except that each local application shall contain— ‘‘(1) a description of the results of the com-prehensive needs assessment conducted under subsection (c); ‘‘(2) information on the programs of study approved by a State under section 124(b)(2) supported by the eligible recipient with funds under this part, including— ‘‘(A) how the results of the comprehensive needs assessment described in subsection (c) informed the selection of the specific career and technical education programs and ac-tivities selected to be funded; and ‘‘(B) a description of any new programs of study the eligible recipient will develop and submit to the State for approval; ‘‘(3) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will provide— ‘‘(A) career exploration and career develop-ment coursework, activities, or services; ‘‘(B) career information; and ‘‘(C) an organized system of career guid-ance and academic counseling to students before enrolling and while participating in a career and technical education program; and ‘‘(4) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will— ‘‘(A) provide activities to prepare special populations for high-skill, high-wage, or in- demand occupations that will lead to self- sufficiency; and ‘‘(B) prepare CTE participants for non-traditional fields. ‘‘(c) C
OMPREHENSIVE NEEDS ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive financial assistance under this part, an eligi-ble recipient shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a comprehensive local needs assessment related to career and technical education; and ‘‘(B) not less than once every two years, update such comprehensive local needs as-sessment. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The comprehensive local needs assessment described under para-graph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) an evaluation of the performance of the students served by the eligible recipient with respect to State and local adjusted lev-els of performance established pursuant to section 113, including an evaluation of per-formance for special populations; ‘‘(B) a description of how career and tech-nical education programs offered by the eli-gible recipient are— ‘‘(i) sufficient in size, scope, and quality to meet the needs of all students served by the eligible recipient; and ‘‘(ii)(I) aligned to State, regional, or local in-demand industry sectors or occupations identified by the State or local workforce de-velopment board, including career pathways, where appropriate; or ‘‘(II) designed to meet local education or economic needs not identified by State or local workforce development boards; ‘‘(C) an evaluation of progress toward the implementation of career and technical edu-cation programs and programs of study; ‘‘(D) an evaluation of strategies needed to overcome barriers that result in lowering rates of access to, or lowering success in, ca-reer and technical education programs for special populations, which may include strategies to establish or utilize existing flexible learning and manufacturing facili-ties, such as makerspaces; ‘‘(E) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will improve recruitment, retention, and training of career and technical edu-cation teachers, faculty, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, paraprofessionals, and career, academic, and guidance coun-selors, including individuals in groups under-represented in such professions; and ‘‘(F) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will support the transition to teach-ing from business and industry. ‘‘(d) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the comprehensive needs assessment under sub-section (c), an eligible recipient shall involve a diverse body of stakeholders, including, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) representatives of career and technical education programs in a local educational agency or educational service agency, in-cluding teachers and administrators; ‘‘(2) representatives of career and technical education programs at postsecondary edu-cational institutions, including faculty and administrators; ‘‘(3) representatives of State or local work-force development boards and a range of local or regional businesses or industries; ‘‘(4) parents and students; ‘‘(5) representatives of special populations; and ‘‘(6) representatives of local agencies serv-ing out-of-school youth, homeless children and youth, and at-risk youth (as defined in section 1432 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6472)). ‘‘(e) C
ONTINUED CONSULTATION .—An eligible recipient receiving financial assistance under this part shall consult with the enti-ties described in subsection (d) on an ongoing basis to— ‘‘(1) provide input on annual updates to the comprehensive needs assessment required under subsection (c); ‘‘(2) ensure programs of study are— ‘‘(A) responsive to community employment needs; ‘‘(B) aligned with employment priorities in the State, regional, or local economy identi-fied by employers and the entities described in subsection (d), which may include in-de-mand industry sectors or occupations identi-fied by the local workforce development board; ‘‘(C) informed by labor market informa-tion, including information provided under section 15(e)(2)(C) of the Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 491–2(e)(2)(C)); ‘‘(D) designed to meet current, inter-mediate, or long-term labor market projec-tions; and ‘‘(E) allow employer input, including input from industry or sector partnerships in the local area, where applicable, into the devel-opment and implementation of programs of study to ensure programs align with skills required by local employment opportunities, including activities such as the identifica-tion of relevant standards, curriculum, in-dustry-recognized credentials, and current technology and equipment; ‘‘(3) identify and encourage opportunities for work-based learning; and ‘‘(4) ensure funding under this part is used in a coordinated manner with other local re-sources.’’. 
SEC. 132. LOCAL USES OF FUNDS. 
Section 135 (20 U.S.C. 2355) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 135. LOCAL USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Each eligible recipient that receives funds under this part shall use such funds to develop, coordinate, implement, or improve career and technical education programs to meet the needs iden-tified in the comprehensive needs assessment described in section 134(c). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR USES OF FUNDS .— Funds made available to eligible recipients under this part shall be used to support ca-reer and technical education programs that are of sufficient size, scope, and quality to be effective and— ‘‘(1) provide career exploration and career development activities through an orga-nized, systematic framework designed to aid students, before enrolling and while partici-pating in a career and technical education program, in making informed plans and deci-sions about future education and career op-portunities and programs of study, which may include— ‘‘(A) introductory courses or activities fo-cused on career exploration and career awareness; ‘‘(B) readily available career and labor market information, including information on— ‘‘(i) occupational supply and demand; ‘‘(ii) educational requirements; ‘‘(iii) other information on careers aligned to State or local economic priorities; and ‘‘(iv) employment sectors; ‘‘(C) programs and activities related to the development of student graduation and ca-reer plans; ‘‘(D) career guidance and academic coun-selors that provide information on postsec-ondary education and career options; or ‘‘(E) any other activity that advances knowledge of career opportunities and as-sists students in making informed decisions about future education and employment goals; ‘‘(2) provide professional development for teachers, principals, school leaders, adminis-trators, faculty, and career and guidance counselors with respect to content and peda-gogy that— ‘‘(A) supports individualized academic and career and technical education instructional approaches, including the integration of aca-demic and career and technical education standards and curriculum; ‘‘(B) ensures labor market information is used to inform the programs, guidance, and advisement offered to students; ‘‘(C) provides educators with opportunities to advance knowledge, skills, and under-standing of all aspects of an industry, includ-ing the latest workplace equipment, tech-nologies, standards, and credentials; ‘‘(D) supports administrators in managing career and technical education programs in the schools, institutions, or local edu-cational agencies of such administrators; ‘‘(E) supports the implementation of strat-egies to improve student achievement and close gaps in student participation and per-formance in career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(F) provides educators with opportunities to advance knowledge, skills, and under-standing in pedagogical practices, including, to the extent the eligible recipient deter-mines that such evidence is reasonably avail-able, evidence-based pedagogical practices; ‘‘(3) provide career and technical education students, including special populations, with the skills necessary to pursue high-skill, high-wage occupations; ‘‘(4) support integration of academic skills into career and technical education pro-grams and programs of study to support CTE participants at the secondary school level in meeting the challenging State academic standards adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)) by the State in which the eligible recipient is located; ‘‘(5) plan and carry out elements that sup-port the implementation of career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study and student achievement of the local adjusted levels of performance established under section 113, which may include— ‘‘(A) curriculum aligned with the require-ments for a program of study; ‘‘(B) sustainable relationships among edu-cation, business and industry, and other community stakeholders, including industry or sector partnerships in the local area, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5374 September 13, 2016 
where applicable, that are designed to facili-tate the process of continuously updating and aligning programs of study with skills in demand in the State, regional, or local econ-omy; ‘‘(C) dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, including early college high schools, and the development or implementation of articulation agreements; ‘‘(D) appropriate equipment, technology, and instructional materials (including sup-port for library resources) aligned with busi-ness and industry needs, including machin-ery, testing equipment, tools, implements, hardware and software, and other new and emerging instructional materials; ‘‘(E) a continuum of work-based learning opportunities; ‘‘(F) industry-recognized certification exams or other assessments leading toward industry-recognized postsecondary creden-tials; ‘‘(G) efforts to recruit and retain career and technical education program adminis-trators and educators; ‘‘(H) where applicable, coordination with other education and workforce development programs and initiatives, including career pathways and sector partnerships developed under the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) and other Federal laws and initiatives that provide students with transition-related services, in-cluding the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C.1400 et seq.); ‘‘(I) expanding opportunities for students to participate in distance career and tech-nical education and blended-learning pro-grams; ‘‘(J) expanding opportunities for students to participate in competency-based edu-cation programs; ‘‘(K) improving career guidance and aca-demic counseling programs that assist stu-dents in making informed academic and ca-reer and technical education decisions, in-cluding academic and financial aid coun-seling; ‘‘(L) supporting the integration of employ-ability skills into career and technical edu-cation programs and programs of study; ‘‘(M) supporting programs and activities that increase access, student engagement, and success in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics fields (including com-puter science) for students who are members of groups underrepresented in such subject fields; ‘‘(N) providing career and technical edu-cation, in a school or other educational set-ting, for adults or a school-aged individual who has dropped out of a secondary school to complete secondary school education or up-grade technical skills; ‘‘(O) career and technical student organiza-tions, including student preparation for and participation in technical skills competi-tions aligned with career and technical edu-cation program standards and curriculum; ‘‘(P) making all forms of instructional con-tent widely available, which may include use of open educational resources; ‘‘(Q) supporting the integration of arts and design skills, when appropriate, into career and technical education programs and pro-grams of study; ‘‘(R) where appropriate, expanding oppor-tunities for CTE concentrators to participate in accelerated learning programs (described in section 4104(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7114(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV)) as part of a pro-gram of study; and ‘‘(S) other activities to improve career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(6) develop and implement evaluations of the activities carried out with funds under this part, including evaluations necessary to complete the comprehensive needs assess-ment required under section 134(c) and the local report required under section 113(b)(4)(C). ‘‘(c) P
OOLING FUNDS .—An eligible recipient may pool a portion of funds received under this Act with a portion of funds received under this Act available to not less than 1 other eligible recipient to support implemen-tation of programs of study through the ac-tivities described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Each eligible recipient receiving funds under this part shall not use more than 5 percent of such funds for costs associated with the adminis-tration of activities under this section.’’. TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 201. FEDERAL AND STATE ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in section 311(b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B), (C), or (D), in order for a State to receive its full allotment of funds under this Act for any fiscal year, the Sec-retary must find that the State’s fiscal effort per student, or the aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and tech-nical education for the preceding fiscal year was not less than the fiscal effort per stu-dent, or the aggregate expenditures of such State, for the second preceding fiscal year.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘shall exclude capital expenditures, special 1-time project costs, and the cost of pilot pro-grams.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, at the request of the State, exclude competitive or incen-tive-based programs established by the State, capital expenditures, special one-time project costs, and the cost of pilot pro-grams.’’; and (iii) by adding after subparagraph (C), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) E
STABLISHING THE STATE BASELINE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the State may— ‘‘(I) continue to use the State’s fiscal effort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and tech-nical education, as was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Edu-cation for the 21st Century Act; or ‘‘(II) establish a new level of fiscal effort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and tech-nical education. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the new level described in clause (i)(II) shall be the State’s fiscal effort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education, for the first full fiscal year following the enactment of such Act.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO MEET .—The Secretary shall reduce the amount of a State’s allot-ment of funds under this Act for any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which the State fails to meet the requirement of para-graph (1) by falling below the State’s fiscal effort per student or the State’s aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favor-able to the State), if the State failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive paragraph (2) due to exceptional or uncon-trollable circumstances affecting the ability of the State to meet the requirement of paragraph (1).’’; (2) in section 317(b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘may, upon written re-quest, use funds made available under this Act to’’ and inserting ‘‘may use funds made available under this Act to’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘who reside in the geo-graphical area served by’’ and inserting ‘‘lo-cated in or near the geographical area served by’’; (3) by striking title II and redesignating title III as title II; (4) by redesignating sections 311 through 318 as sections 211 through 218, respectively; (5) by redesignating sections 321 through 324 as sections 221 through 224, respectively; and (6) by inserting after section 218 (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘SEC. 219. STUDY ON PROGRAMS OF STUDY ALIGNED TO HIGH-SKILL, HIGH- WAGE OCCUPATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S COPE OF STUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to evaluate— ‘‘(1) the strategies, components, policies, and practices used by eligible agencies or eli-gible recipients receiving funding under this Act to successfully assist— ‘‘(A) all students in pursuing and com-pleting programs of study aligned to high- skill, high-wage occupations; and ‘‘(B) any specific subgroup of students identified in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(h)(1)(C)(ii)) in pursuing and completing programs of study aligned to high-skill, high-wage occupations in fields in which such subgroup is underrepresented; and ‘‘(2) any challenges associated with rep-lication of such strategies, components, poli-cies, and practices. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study conducted under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with a geographically diverse (including urban, suburban, and rural) rep-resentation of— ‘‘(1) students and parents; ‘‘(2) eligible agencies and eligible recipi-ents; ‘‘(3) teachers, faculty, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, and paraprofes-sionals, including those with expertise in preparing CTE students for nontraditional fields; ‘‘(4) special populations; and ‘‘(5) representatives of business and indus-try. ‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION .—Upon completion, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit the study conducted under sub-section (a) to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate.’’. TITLE III—AMENDMENTS TO THE WAGNER-PEYSER ACT 
SEC. 301. STATE RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 15(e)(2) of the Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49l–2(e)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) consult with eligible agencies (defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302)), State educational agencies, and local educational agencies concerning the provi-sion of workforce and labor market informa-tion in order to— ‘‘(i) meet the needs of secondary school and postsecondary school students who seek such information; and ‘‘(ii) annually inform the development and implementation of programs of study defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5375 September 13, 2016 
Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302), and career pathways;’’; (2) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) provide, on an annual and timely basis to each eligible agency (defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302)), the data and information described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 5587. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5587. Mr. Speaker, a weak economy and advances in technology have dramati-cally changed today’s job market, cre-ating both challenges and opportuni-ties for men and women entering the workforce. This is why equipping to-day’s students with the tools they need to remain competitive is essential. One way we can achieve that goal is by strengthening career and technical education programs for those eager to pursue pathways to success. As cochair of the Career and Tech-nical Education Caucus, I have worked hard to increase awareness about the opportunities available through CTE. For some students, a four-year college is the best path forward. For others, a CTE program might be the best way to shape a fulfilling and successful future, Mr. Speaker. These State and local programs help individuals obtain the knowledge and skills they need to be successful in a number of different occupations and fields—fields like health care, tech-nology, agriculture, and engineering. b1445 However, the law that provides Fed-eral support for these programs has not been updated in more than a decade. Simply put, it does not address the new challenges today’s students, workers, and employers face. That is why I, along with my col-league from Massachusetts, Represent-ative K
ATHERINE CLARK , introduced H.R. 5587, a bill that works to mod-ernize and improve current law to bet-ter reflect those challenges and provide more opportunities for students to pur-sue successful, rewarding careers. Recognizing the importance of en-gagement with community leaders and local businesses, this bill empowers State and local leaders by providing them with the flexibility they need to best prepare their students for the workforce and to respond to the chang-ing needs of their communities. H.R. 5587 also promotes work-based learning and encourages stronger partnerships with employers to help students obtain jobs now and throughout their life-times. I am also proud to say H.R. 5587 takes steps to reduce the Federal role in ca-reer and technical education, while en-suring transparency and accountability amongst CTE programs. By stream-lining performance measures, the bill provides State and local leaders—rath-er than the Federal Government—with the tools they need to hold these pro-grams accountable. These are just some of the important reforms this bill makes to provide Americans with clear pathways to suc-cess. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss not to thank a few people who have made this bill possible: Chairman KLINE and his staff, in particular, James Redstone; Ranking Member S
COTT and his staff; Sam Morgante with Mr. L
ANGEVIN ’s of-fice; and Katie Brown of my staff. Both Sam and Katie have taken the lead staffing the Career and Technical Education Caucus, each providing tire-less advocacy for the policies included in this bill. They have my deep appre-ciation for their hard work. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5587 and help us take a positive step to-wards reforming and strengthening ca-reer and technical education training in America. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5587, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, legislation that I am proud to introduce with the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), as well as Representatives L
ANGEVIN , N
OLAN , CURBELO , and B YRNE , and with the support of the House Education and the Workforce Committee ranking member, Mr. S
COTT, and our chairman, Mr. K
LINE. The bill before us is proof that Demo-crats and Republicans can come to-gether and do the right thing for Amer-ica’s students, workers, and employers. The Perkins Career and Technical Education program reaches over 11 mil-lion American students across the country each year; and for the first time in 10 years, this legislation will comprehensively update the program, overhauling how government invests in our workforce and strengthens Amer-ican competitiveness through job skills training. This bill will help families by preparing them with the skills they need to thrive in high-demand fields as diverse as child care, advanced manu-facturing, carpentry, computer science, automotive technology, culinary arts, and more. This legislation is supported by over 200 leading national organizations, in-cluding educators, trade groups, and major employers across the country. It was reported by the House Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee without a single dissenting vote, which I think reflects the bipartisan, good faith process by which we came to-gether to draft and introduce this bill. Specifically, I am pleased this legis-lation takes steps to help policymakers measure what does and does not work in career and technical education, al-lowing us to build on our past suc-cesses. It ensures our career and tech-nical education programs are aligned with the needs of high-demand growth industries in order to make sure that America is competitive globally. It also supports our work-based learning and apprenticeships. It directly sup-ports our early education and childcare workforce and brings the Perkins pro-gram into the modern 21st century global economy. I am very pleased to have this bill on the floor today. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. WALBERG ), the chairman of the Workforce Protections Sub-committee. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5587, which will help people in Michigan and across the country find meaningful careers in the 21st century workforce by updating our career and technical education pro-grams. As I met with students, teachers, and employers in my district, I have heard consistent support for improving CTE. I know how important it is to mod-ernize this program for today’s jobs, from touring places like Southern Michigan Center for Science and Indus-try in Hudson, Michigan; the Jackson Area Career Center in Jackson, Michi-gan; Monroe County Community Col-lege; and many more. We know that not everyone’s path to success in the workplace is the same and, while many students pursue de-grees at colleges and universities, many others know their sweet spot lies somewhere else. Career and technical education provides those individuals that opportunity and ensures our aspir-ing workforce is getting the hands-on training they need and they want. I am particularly pleased that this bill includes my provisions to address outdated and burdensome occupational licensure requirements which can come at the expense of lower income work-ers, young people, and entrepreneurs who lack the resources to overcome regulatory obstacles. According to the National Bureau of Economic Research, nearly 1 in 3 jobs now require a State-approved license or certification; in 1950, it was 1 in 20. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.015 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5376 September 13, 2016 
This bill will help create pathways to careers by encouraging States to re-view their regulatory climate and en-sure it does not create unnecessary barriers for job growth. I commend the authors of this bill, and I am proud that it emerged from our committee on a unanimous 37–0 vote. I hope my colleagues will vote in sup-port of this bipartisan legislation and work together to help every American pursue their personal paths to the American Dream. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the distinguished ranking member of our committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5587, the Strengthening CTE for the 21st Cen-tury Act, which would reauthorize the Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation program. The research is clear: the United States workforce is suffering from a skills gap. According to one study, 65 percent of all jobs in the United States in the near future will require at least some education or training past the high school level—not necessarily a 4- year degree, but some education and training past the high school level. In Virginia alone, we have thousands of jobs in the tech sector that go unfilled because of the lack of qualified appli-cants. Some of those jobs have salaries of $88,000. Today’s CTE program is not the vo-cational education of the past, where students pursued a career rather than academic studies. Now the current pro-grams integrate the academic cur-riculum which will assist in preparing participants for postsecondary edu-cation and credentials. Mr. Speaker, people in the future will have to learn a new job; but if they don’t have the academic background, we will be doing them a great dis-service. This bill will allow students to pursue a career track; and if they change their mind later on, they are still getting the academics. They can go to a college-ready program. We need to make sure that we have greater accountability for program quality. We want to ensure that we have more inclusive collaboration be-tween educational institutions, indus-tries, employers, and community part-ners. And we need to make sure that those programs are aligned with our re-cent K through 12 education and work-force systems. I would like to thank all of the peo-ple who have been involved in this, par-ticularly the gentlewoman from Massa-chusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON), along with Mr. L ANGEVIN from Rhode Island, who is the chair of the CTE Caucus, and all of the others who have worked across the aisle to bring us together today. This bill, as has been pointed out, has been reported unanimously from the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, has strong support across the aisle, and I trust that we will pass it. I hope the Senate will take it up as soon as possible. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. BYRNE ). Mr. BYRNE. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, earlier this summer, I had the opportunity to visit the new career and technical education class-rooms at Saraland High School. From welding to engineering to IT, these pro-grams are going to make a real dif-ference, and I was so impressed to see CTE getting the attention it deserves. You see, for too long, we have de-valued the importance of career and technical education here in America. The programs were seen as some sort of second-rate option for students who couldn’t make it otherwise. That sim-ply isn’t the case. Instead, CTE programs offer real op-portunities to students of all ages and from all backgrounds. With this bill, we are making it clear that career and technical education is a critical edu-cational option that leads to good-pay-ing jobs. This bill makes important reforms to our CTE programs, with a special em-phasis on ensuring the programs focus on in-demand skill areas in order to close the skills gap and boost economic growth. This is a truly bipartisan, reform-ori-ented bill that deserves our strongest support, and I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of this legislation. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ), without whose leadership and expertise this legislation wouldn’t be in the wonderful form that it is today, and we are very grateful for his role. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Massa-chusetts for yielding and for her out-standing leadership on reauthorizing the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act. I am certainly pleased to join with five other bipar-tisan colleagues as original cosponsors of this bill. I would also, in particular, like to thank my friend and colleague, Rep-resentative G.T. Thompson of Pennsyl-vania, for his unwavering commitment to expanding CTE. As co-chairs of the Career and Technical Education Cau-cus, Representative T
HOMPSON and I have made Perkins reauthorization our top priority; and today it is the cul-mination of over 4 years of our work on the caucus together. I want to thank him and both his staff and my staff for their extraordinary efforts. We should also, of course, recognize everything that Chairman K
LINE, Ranking Member S
COTT, and their staffs did to get this bill to the floor today. Perkins has historically been a bipar-tisan bill, and we are all very happy to continue this tradition. H.R. 5587 was passed unanimously by the Education and the Workforce Committee and is the product of an inclusive and thoughtful process. Again, it passed unanimously. When does that happen, ever, it seems, these days in this Con-gress? This is extraordinary. The bill makes many necessary up-dates to Perkins, with an emphasis on training students for the skills they will need in high-growth sectors in the 21st century economy. I am particu-larly pleased that it emphasizes the role of school counselors in helping students choose their career path, in-corporating ideas from my Counseling for Career Choice Act. By equipping counselors with local labor market in-formation, they can better help stu-dents choose the field that best fits their skills and interests and will ulti-mately lead to a good-paying job. The bill also expands student access to work-based learning opportunities. This will help students to bridge the gap between classroom theory and workplace practice and align skills and training with employer needs. Providing workers with the skills necessary to thrive in the modern economy is essential to our economic prosperity. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill and the Senate to quickly take up this bipartisan legisla-tion. Again, I thank all of my colleagues who were involved in this effort and the staff for bringing this bill to the floor today. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to take a point of personal privilege just as a chance to recognize Chairman KLINE of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee and to thank him for his leader-ship in education, for truly making a difference in the lives of our youth and, quite frankly, people of all ages, like with this piece of legislation. I very much appreciate his leadership. So it is my honor to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE), the chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee. b1500 Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership on this issue and for yield-ing the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. A quality education is vital to suc-ceeding in today’s workforce. However, it is important to know that a quality education doesn’t have to mean a 4- year college degree. Career and tech-nical education can be just as valuable, and, for many individuals, it is the path that is best for them. Earlier this year, members on the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee heard from Paul Tse. Paul 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.049 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5377 September 13, 2016 
struggled as a student, but his life changed when he enrolled in a CTE pro-gram at the Thomas Edison High School of Technology in Silver Spring, Maryland. Today, he has a fulfilling ca-reer and not a dime—Mr. Speaker, not a dime—of student loan debt. There are countless other success stories just like Paul’s. The CTE classes Rob Griffin took as a high school student in Whitfield County, Georgia, prepared him for a successful career at one of the Nation’s leading steel fabricators. The hands-on experience Alex Wolff received at the Santa Barbara County Regional Occupational Program led to a rewarding career in electrical engi-neering. And Jasmine Morgan from the Atlanta area found her passion through CTE coursework and landed a job as a sports marketing specialist. The goal of this legislation is to help more individuals write their own suc-cess stories. This bipartisan legislation will empower State and local leaders to tailor CTE programs to serve the best interests of the students in their com-munities. It will improve transparency and accountability, as well as ensure Federal resources are aligned with the needs of the local workforce and help students obtain high-skilled, high-de-mand jobs. These positive reforms are an impor-tant part of our broader agenda, A Bet-ter Way, which is aimed at helping more men and women achieve a life-time of success. I want to thank Representatives G
LENN THOMPSON and K ATHERINE  C
LARK for their leadership. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). I thank him for his leadership on CTE and all his work for the students and employers of his district and our coun-try. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by recognizing my distin-guished colleague from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE) for the great leadership that he has provided as the chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Make no mistake about it, our educational opportunities and fu-ture are brighter for you having chaired that committee and served in this Chamber. We all owe you a great debt of gratitude and wish you well in your future going forward. The great-est tribute I think that anyone can re-ceive is that we served well and we made a difference. You have done that, and we thank you for that. I would be remiss if I didn’t also thank Ranking Member S
COTT for his great work in this area. I also thank Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, and the other original cosponsors for their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this critically important bipartisan reau-thorization of the Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. Time and again, when I visit with owners and managers of manufacturing facilities throughout my northern Min-nesota district, I am told two things. The first is that the employees they have hired who have participated in ca-reer and technical education programs are the very best that they have in their employment. Employers can’t say enough good things about them and their skills and the work that they do. The second point is that they need more CTE-trained people. All down the line, from health care, to construction, to information technology, to trans-portation, to aviation—and the list goes on—good-paying jobs with living wages are waiting for these people. So this bill adds important new pro-visions to expand and update CTE so jobs can be filled. States get more flexibility to focus on the jobs and ca-reers in high demand within their re-gions. Employers and communities get the tools they need to develop stronger partnerships to engage students and grow our local economies. And stu-dents get the tools that they need to compete and succeed in the 21st cen-tury. That is what this bill is all about. It’s all about more good jobs. More great opportunities to learn and gain valuable skills and knowledge. And—More dynamic growth for an economy in need of the best, most skilled workers America can provide. I urge our colleagues in the Senate to join the House in supporting this critical and impor-tant program and act swiftly to take up and pass this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recog-nize the chairman of the Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Ele-mentary, and Secondary Education that has jurisdiction on this bill. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). Mr. ROKITA. Well, I thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for his kind words. He is a dear friend. I have looked forward to our work together so far and into the future. Mr. Speaker, I have been to probably a hundred schools in my time in public service. I have seen the best of schools, and I have seen the worst of schools. The one thing that I am seeing more and more, not only in our K–12 schools but in others after that, is the need for career and technical education and the need for reform in that area. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not talking about the shop class of old or anything like that. In fact, what we are seeing now is a completely different model. As Indiana’s Governor Pence cited in a congressional hearing last year, to-day’s CTE, today’s career and technical education, is not about, if not plan A, then plan B. It is about having two plan As. And that is exactly what to-day’s CTE courses are bringing to the forefront. Technological advances are con-stantly changing the kinds of jobs that are available, as well as the skills needed to succeed in those careers. That is why career and technical edu-cation is so important. It provides op-portunities for students to gain those specific skills and prepare them to navigate the changing workforce. Now, through a number of common-sense measures, Mr. Speaker, this bill is delivering the reforms that will pro-vide the flexibility to State and local leaders to meet those unique local needs, build stronger engagement with employers, and ensure that CTE pro-grams are delivering results. So I thank Representatives THOMPSON and C
LARK for working together to move this bill forward. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill and help more people gain the skills and hands-on experience that are critical to succeeding in to-day’s workforce. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5587, which addresses the most urgent workforce challenge in our Nation by updating and strengthening career and technical education programs at the secondary education level. First, the good news. All across the country, there is an exciting and grow-ing need for trade and technical skills to fill jobs that young people can build a career and life around. Advanced manufacturing opportunities in aero-space, maritime, and even health care are happening from coast to coast. And the question of the day for many em-ployers is whether our education and job training systems are ready to fill the need. Recent updates to K–12 and job train-ing programs signed into law by Presi-dent Obama in 2014 and 2015 built a positive platform to address this chal-lenge, and passage of this bill for tech-nical programs will add to that capa-bility. In southeastern Connecticut where I hail from, the U.S. Navy’s demand sig-nal for new Virginia class and Colum-bia class submarines is projected to re-quire up to 14,000 new hires in metal trades, design, and engineering over the next 10 years. For my region, pas-sage of this bill is not just feel-good legislation but a critical, existential requirement. I strongly urge passage of this bill and swift concurrence by the Senate. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), a classmate of mine and also another leader in the Education and the Work-force Committee and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, Employ-ment, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5587, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. CTE programs are designed to prepare high school stu-dents and community college students 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.050 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5378 September 13, 2016 
for the workforce. However, the laws supporting these efforts have not been updated in over a decade. In my district, I often hear from businessowners, employers, adminis-trators, and students who all tell me about the need for quality education and training necessary in today’s workplace. Just as the one-size-fits-all approach doesn’t work for health care, it will not work for education and workforce training. Each State, school district, and student is different. Local administrators, teachers, and employ-ers—not the Federal Government— should have these decisionmaking pow-ers. Congress has worked to improve K–12 education and modernize the Nation’s workforce development system, and this bill continues to build on that progress. The recession may have ended in 2009, Mr. Speaker, but too many people are still struggling to make ends meet. We can do better. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5587. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5587, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. A few weeks ago, I got to visit the new Pathways in Technology Early College, P-TECH, program at Skyline High School in Colorado in the St. Vrain Valley School District. P-TECH is a partnership between the St. Vrain Valley School District, Front Range Community College, IBM, and other employers. It allows students to earn a high school diploma and associate’s de-gree in 4 or 5 years. I spoke with a number of students participating in the very first P-TECH class, and they shared with me how this program will equip them with the skills they need to get good, reliable jobs after graduation. That is the kind of innovation Congress should be sup-porting, and this bill allows for that. The bill also allows funds to be used for open access education resources. Open access education resources and open access textbooks are openly li-censed, free to use, and often come with more flexibility than traditional or commercial textbooks. Throughout this country, open education resources are gaining popularity, save resources, and maintain high quality standards. Last year, Congress recognized the cost-saving potential and flexibility of open education resources at the K–12 level in the Every Student Succeeds Act. I am very excited that support for open education resources continues in this bill. I urge this bill’s final passage today, and I call on my colleagues in the Sen-ate to take up this bipartisan legisla-tion as soon as possible. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 5587, the Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act, and the benefit and opportunities it will provide for those looking to enter the job market. We have an opportunity to get rid of the stigma of this vocation path and bring to light the benefits of career and technical education. This bill over-hauls the system to bring the decision-making down to the State and local leaders. It more closely accounts for changes in the job market. It increases the input from groups such as students and business leaders. This legislation empowers leaders from our States and communities by reducing the paperwork for local edu-cation providers and streamlines the requirements process. It supports clos-er partnerships with employers, who know the needs of the workplace, and puts in place accountability bench-marks to ensure that these programs on the secondary level are delivering the training and results they are sup-posed to be providing to students. This bill also allows States and local authorities to develop a curriculum they know that works for their stu-dents and for their communities. I applaud the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee for their hard work and diligence in ad-dressing this matter. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I en-thusiastically support the Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. When I visit communities in Oregon, I hear from business leaders, educators, and students about how hands-on ca-reer and technical education programs engage them and prepare them for suc-cess after high school, regardless of what path they take. This CTE legislation authorizes need-ed increases in funding for CTE pro-grams and takes important steps to help more students excel in school and in the workforce. The bill will improve participation among historically underserved stu-dents, bring needed input from key stakeholders, including parents and in-dustry groups, and help students learn employability skills as well as tech-nical skills. I thank my friend and colleague from New York, the co-chair of the STEAM Caucus, Congresswoman S
TEFANIK , for working with me to include an amend-ment that promotes arts and design education, which is increasingly in high demand in numerous industry sec-tors that value innovation. I thank Chairman K
LINE, Ranking Member S
COTT, and Representatives C LARK and T
HOMPSON for their leadership and commitment to improving CTE pro-grams. I ask my colleagues to join me in ap-proving this legislation and call on the Senate to quickly take action. b1515 Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), also a lead-er on the Committee on Education and the Workforce. She serves as our chair of the Subcommittee on Higher Edu-cation and Workforce Training. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for yield-ing to me and for the work that he has done on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, the Carl D. Perkins Ca-reer and Technical Education Act has provided Federal support to State and local career and technical education programs for more than 30 years. But for far too long there has been a dis-crepancy in what students are learning in the classroom and what employers say they need in the workplace. H.R. 5587 updates the law to reflect today’s economic needs and the chal-lenges that students and workers cur-rently face. This bipartisan bill goes a long way toward ensuring that individ-uals who pursue a technical education have the knowledge and skills they need to succeed. Educational success is about more than just a degree. It is about pre-paring students for a satisfying life and teaching them the quantifiable skills that employers need in their employ-ees. The Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act will help students reach those goals. I encourage my colleagues to support this important legislation. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1
1⁄2min-utes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. D
AVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, career technical education answers the call that we hear from industry and from students alike to train students in fields where high-quality jobs are available. We know that means both equity and quality. Equity, of course, we know because every individual, every man, every woman, people of color, the disabled, all of the groups need to have equal access to a prom-ising education and successful career. The reality is that we can’t fix a problem that we can’t see. So we have to have the data. We have to have the ability to know what we are looking at. But it is equally important to make sure that CTE programs deliver in terms of quality. So how do we do that? I am excited that this bill places an emphasis on teachers getting opportu-nities to advance their knowledge and skills. Teachers need support and training from industry leaders so that they can take their knowledge back to students. The flow of relevant information be-tween industry, between teachers and students has to be highlighted and strengthened. When teachers have di-rect field experience, they are better able to enthusiastically relate accurate and timely industry practices to their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.051 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5379 September 13, 2016 
students, and that makes for stronger professional development for teachers, and that will trickle down to our stu-dents. Successful CTE programs will close the skills gap that undermines our pro-ductivity today. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to take up and pass this overwhelmingly bipartisan legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
LENN  T
HOMPSON for yielding. I am grateful to support the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. Whether I am visiting one of the re-markable schools in South Carolina’s technical education system of Aiken, Midlands, Orangeburg-Calhoun, or a local manufacturing facility, the mes-sage is the same: the job market is changing rapidly. Quality education is vital to competing, which is why ap-prenticeship programs are so impor-tant in leading to the success of BMW, MTU, AGY, SRS, Michelin, Bridgestone, Boeing, and soon Volvo in South Carolina. While existing technical education, which was established by Fritz Hol-lings and Floyd Spence, has played a role in creating jobs, existing legisla-tion has not been updated for the last 10 years. This bill serves as a first step to re-forming technical education programs by helping all Americans enter the workforce for high-skilled, in-demand jobs. Some reforms include empow-ering State and local community lead-ers, limiting Federal mandates, en-couraging employment engagement, and increasing accountability. I am grateful to cosponsor the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. I appreciate the leadership of Chairman G
LENN THOMPSON for sponsoring this leadership, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from North Caro-lina (Ms. A
DAMS ). Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. As a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I am proud to stand here today in support of the Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act. This is commonsense, bipartisan legislation, and it will strengthen our economy and put hardworking Ameri-cans back to work. As elected leaders promoting the wel-fare of the American people, it is our most sacred responsibility, and this is why we must continue to work to-gether to ensure that American work-ers have the skills and the training needed to compete in this modern workforce. In August, I traveled throughout my district, meeting with local employers and workers, and they all shared one major concern: the desperate need to close the skills gap. There are good paying jobs right here at home, but our people aren’t able to fill them, and that is unacceptable. The skills gap is weakening our national and local economies, and we can no longer afford the price of an underpre-pared workforce. That is why I call on my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and to re-authorize CTE. Voting ‘‘yes’’ will not only strength-en our economy, but will help make the American Dream a reality for mil-lions of Americans. Voting ‘‘yes’’ will absolutely make a difference in the lives of those you serve. Today we have an opportunity to get it right, an op-portunity to level the playing field, and to put the needs of the American people first. Let’s make America stronger by passing this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I hope the Sen-ate will move swiftly in also passing this crucial piece of legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Career technical education is critical to the development of a growing work-force. As I go into the schools today, I often ask the students: Why are you getting an education? These are questions that I ask the students: Why is education important? The answer is to get a good job, to build a career. Our schools teach children all the necessary and important subjects, but it is important that we offer programs that prepare students for the work-force. We have to work to bridge the existing gap between the business com-munity and education. That means en-couraging students to find their pas-sions early on and choosing programs that will build their resumes and set them up for their chosen occupation. As a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, a member of the Congressional Career and Technical Education Caucus, and with over 40 years in the business world, I am a strong supporter of this bill. Growing this economy starts with jobs and getting people back to work. So why not start by preparing Amer-ica’s future workforce early? I urge support of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). I would like to thank him for all his leadership and work on promoting American manufacturing, STEM and STEAM education, and CTE. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues, Congress-woman C
LARK and Congressman T
HOMPSON , for their extraordinary leadership, as they always seek ways to advance career and technical education training. According to a recent report, Mr. Speaker, in my home State of Massa-chusetts, three out of five job openings in our Commonwealth 6 years from now will require less than a college de-gree. That means that students who are just starting their second week of middle school this week could walk straight out of their high school grad-uation and into a job in their own backyard. They will only be prepared for those jobs, though, if we ensure that their curriculum is informed by the needs of companies in their communities. Busi-nesses and voc-tech schools in my dis-trict are already creating innovative partnerships that allow students to learn in their classrooms and then gain hands-on experience on factory floors. Guided by their example, I intro-duced the Perkins Modernization Act to align the curriculum that our stu-dents are learning today with the needs of the employers who will hire them to-morrow. I am grateful that the spon-sors of this legislation included that language, and I hope the Senate will follow their lead by quickly taking up and passing this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), another very effective member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. I thank Mr. T
HOMPSON for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank Ms. C
LARK , our chairman, and the ranking member for making this possible. I think all of my colleagues have ex-plained all the details in this bill, the important reforms that are in it, but what I want to focus on is the critical message that it sends young people and, really, all aspiring people all over this country, Mr. Speaker. For a long time—and I was a school board member, so I know this—young people were told that there was only one path to success: a traditional 4- year degree. And anyone who didn’t do that was looked down upon, and we stigmatized a lot of young people in this country. What this Congress is doing today to-gether—Republicans and Democrats—is sending a strong message to students in high school today, students in mid-dle school, and people who are adults but still aspiring and looking to ac-quire job skills so that they can get a good job, that there are many path-ways to success. I think that is equally as important as the reforms, as the changes, as the updating of this impor-tant bill that we are advancing, the strong, wonderful message it is sending to the young people of this country. I thank everyone for their leadership, and I urge all my colleagues to vote for this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.053 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5380 September 13, 2016 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I rise in support of H.R. 5587. First, I want to thank the Members for coming together and certainly their staffs for recognizing the important piece of this legislation where we are going. As we heard before, a 4-year college is a great pathway for some, but it cer-tainly isn’t for everyone. I, myself, am a product of the other 4-year school, an apprenticeship out of the IBEW that al-lowed me for many, many years to sup-port my family being an electrician. In New Jersey, my home State, 7 out of 10 jobs that are coming up in the next few years will require less than that 4-year degree, and that reempha-sizes why we are here today. This important bill will go a long way to provide students with alter-native pathways to earn a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work. I, along with Representative M
CKINLEY , formed the Congressional Building Trades Caucus to work on these issues, and we will be meeting later this week to discuss these important items. Apprenticeships are a partnership between employers and employees. They come together and will increase the outcomes. Once again, I want to thank all those involved for their hard work. I urge the Senate to take this up quickly. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, so I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Today we have heard Democrats and Republicans from across the United States speak in support of H.R. 5587. This legislation builds upon the invest-ments this Chamber has made in the education system and updates CTE to allow our students to be competitive in a global economy. I want to give special thanks to the Committee on Education and the Workforce staff, who worked so hard to support Members in drafting this bill that has received such broad bipartisan support. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, as well as our Senate col-leagues, to quickly take up and ap-prove this commonsense legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, career and technical education helps men and women across the country achieve the American Dream of finding and seizing opportu-nities to work hard and to succeed within the workforce. The Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act makes the positive reforms nec-essary to ensure more Americans are able to access life-changing education and experience that will allow them to do just that, to achieve the American Dream. b1530 I am pleased that we have been able to work across the aisle in a bipartisan manner—my hope is that we will be able to work in a bicameral manner with the Senate, and I encourage swift action in the Senate—to ensure that this generation is equipped with the tools needed to remain competitive in today’s workforce. I believe this is an effort that we can all support. Mr. Speaker, the title of this bill is Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. Normally, we usually find some kind of an acronym—something short and catchy—to call this. Those initials don’t lend to that process, but I would have to say I like to refer to this legis-lation as the opportunity bill. It is the opportunity for those young people who are looking to enter the workforce and want to go on to a path to be able to earn a family-sustaining wage, to be successful through career and technical education training. It is an opportunity bill for those families who today find themselves de-pressed and caught in unemployment and looking to get back into the work-force and greater opportunity. It is an opportunity bill. It is an opportunity bill for those families that, maybe, for generations have found themselves trapped in poverty and without an exit strategy, Mr. Speaker. This bill is an opportunity bill. It is an exit ramp from poverty for those families, those Americans. For those who are job creators who can’t grow or maybe even start their business or sustain their business be-cause they can’t find qualified and trained workers, this is an opportunity bill, Mr. Speaker. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5587. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5587, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HALT TAX INCREASES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS AND SENIORS ACT Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 858, I call up the bill (H.R. 3590) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the increase in the income threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 858, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 3590 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Halt Tax In-creases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF INCREASE IN INCOME THRESHOLD FOR DETERMINING MEDICAL CARE DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 213(a) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘10 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘7.5 percent’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 213 of such Code is amended by striking subsection (f). (2) Section 56(b)(1)(B) of such Code is amend-ed by striking ‘‘without regard to subsection (f) of such section’’ and inserting ‘‘by substituting ‘10 percent’ for ‘7.5 percent’’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3590, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Over the last few months, the Amer-ican people have witnessed one ObamaCare failure after another. Major insurers are fleeing the ex-changes, healthcare premiums are con-tinuing to just skyrocket, and only 7 of ObamaCare’s 23 public option co-ops re-main. After New Jersey’s announce-ment yesterday that it will close its co-op, we will be down to merely 6 at the end of the year. That means nearly three-quarters of a million Americans have been or will soon be kicked off their current healthcare insurance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.054 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5381 September 13, 2016 
Every week, the news about this law gets worse. That is why House Repub-licans are taking action right now to protect seniors across our country from another looming negative con-sequence of the President’s healthcare law. I am honored today to speak in support of Congresswoman M
ARTHA  M
CSALLY ’s Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act. Before the Affordable Care Act, Americans could find some relief in their ability to deduct high-cost, out- of-pocket medical expenses from their taxes, but this important source of re-lief is about to get further out of reach for seniors, thanks to ObamaCare. For Americans under 65 years of age, a provision of the Affordable Care Act has already raised the previous 7.5 per-cent income threshold up to 10 percent. Starting January 1, just 3 months from now, the provision will go into effect for America’s seniors and elderly as well. In fact, the American Association of Retired Persons—or AARP, as many know them—in their letter endorsing this legislation stated that ‘‘56 percent of all returns claiming the deduction had at least one member of the house-hold age 65 or older.’’ In other words, this is hitting seniors in retirement years, where every dollar matters. This ObamaCare provision is a tax hike, plain and simple. It makes paying for care even more difficult for individ-uals, families, and seniors who may al-ready be struggling to afford the care they need. Mr. Speaker, this law gets more unaffordable and burdensome every day, and it is the middle class and sen-iors who are being hurt most. With the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, we can repeal this provision and stop another painful ObamaCare tax hike in its tracks. I am grateful for Representative M
CSALLY ’s leadership on this impor-tant, bipartisan legislation. I would note that, as AARP said, more than half of those impacted are seniors. Nearly half are the middle class. They make between $40,000 and $70,000 a year. Every dollar in their family budg-et matters as well. This solution, this targeted ObamaCare repeal, is another example of how House Republicans are deliv-ering the patient-focused solutions Americans deserve. Most importantly, this repeal takes meaningful steps to make health care more affordable and accessible for the American people. I am proud of the leadership of Con-gresswoman M
CSALLY on behalf of our seniors and our middle class. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), the chairman of the Health Subcommittee, be permitted to control the remainder of the time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is going no-where, but there are lessons to be learned from it being voted on today. It is an exercise Republicans hope will help them politically, and yet another one of their attempts to undermine the Affordable Care Act. The Joint Committee on Taxation es-timates that this bill would increase the deficit by nearly $33 billion over the next 10 years. This bill does not in-clude any offsets to address this cost. This is a vivid contradiction of worn- out Republican rhetoric claiming time and time again to be concerned about the deficit of this country. Earlier this year, the President re-quested $1.9 billion to address the growing threat of the Zika virus in this country. Republicans ignored this re-quest, disregarded our Nation’s top public health officials, and, instead, combined lower funding levels with poison pill policy riders. Nearly 12,000 Americans, including nearly 1,400 pregnant women, have con-firmed cases of Zika in this country. The Centers for Disease Control and prevention has stated it is running out of resources to fight the virus. So far, no action. Zika is an emergency. The Repub-licans say, Pay for it. Oh, but not a dime for this $35 billion tax cut. How can we afford to provide for an enor-mous tax cut, like the one before us today, but we can’t afford to spend just one-fifteenth of that amount to protect Americans from a devastating disease impacting families and children? The opioid epidemic. We passed some important legislation to address it, but no money, no action to make sure that it would really be meaningful. But today, we can pass an unpaid-for tax cut of $35 billion? Flint, Michigan. Thousands of kids were poisoned. Drinking water still cannot be consumed, and water can’t be otherwise used in Flint—but no ac-tion today. No action, but we can pass this $35 billion bill, unpaid for? Let’s be clear about the ACA, which, once again, the Republicans are trying to repeal, in part. The ACA was fully paid for—fully. And since the ACA passed 6 years ago, the majority has failed to offer any meaningful alter-native to the ACA to reduce the ranks of the uninsured and provide affordable coverage to American families. Their response has been ‘‘nada,’’ in terms of anything meaningful. According to the JCT data, approxi-mately two-thirds of the tax benefits from H.R. 3590 will accrue to taxpayers earning $100,000 and more over the next 10 years. In 2013, only 6.1 percent of all returns claimed the medical expense deduction, and only 11 percent of seniors did so. We know that the higher a household’s income, the more likely it is to itemize deductions. So low-income seniors would receive little or no benefit from this bill since much of their income comes from Social Security. For these reasons, the administra-tion has issued a Statement of Admin-istration Policy. I want to read it be-cause it underlines how, as I said at the beginning, the Republicans here, once again, are going through the motions. This isn’t going to become law, but it says something important: don’t pay for, be reckless, claim you care, and also take another step to undo ACA. I quote from the Statement of Ad-ministration Policy: ‘‘The Administration strongly op-poses House passage of H.R. 3590. It would repeal a provision of the Afford-able Care Act that limits a regressive, poorly targeted tax break for health care spending. This repeal would dis-proportionately benefit high-income Americans, while increasing national health care spending. Additionally, it would increase the Federal deficit by $32.7 billion over ten years, according to the Congressional Budget Office. ‘‘The Administration is always will-ing to work with the Congress on fis-cally responsible ways to further im-prove health care affordability and the Affordable Care Act. The President’s Budget offers a number of proposals to do so. However, H.R. 3590 would be a step in the wrong direction because it would increase health care spending and increase the Federal deficit, while doing little to improve the afford-ability of health care for middle-class families. ‘‘If the President were presented with H.R. 3590, his senior advisors would rec-ommend that he veto the bill.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, is a commonsense bill that repeals an oner-ous tax on 3.8 million households in America; 3.8 million households in America in 2016 alone. We should encourage patients to seek the care they need, not to create more burdens and restrict access to medical care, as this ObamaCare tax does. Now, if Americans out there watch-ing listened to the previous speaker say things like ‘‘politically motivated bill,’’ ‘‘undermine Affordable Care Act,’’ ‘‘a contradiction,’’ here is the contradiction. This bill was introduced over a year ago by Congresswoman MARTHA MCSALLY from Arizona, but this isn’t the first time this bill has been introduced. It was introduced in the last session of Congress by a gen-tleman whose name is Ron Barber, a former Congressman from Arizona and a Democrat. How interesting. What a contradiction that is. So, this so-called politically moti-vated bill, according to AARP—this is AARP saying this, which supports the legislation—56 percent of all returns claiming this deduction had at least one member of their household age 65 years or older. My mom and dad, over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.057 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5382 September 13, 2016 
65, on a fixed income. But, yet, some are opposed to this bill. Let me tell you who is for it. AARP, Americans for Prosperity, National Taxpayers Union, Americans for Tax Reform, 60 Plus, Association of Mature American Citizens, Campaign for Lib-erty, Small Business & Entrepreneurial Council. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud cosponsor of this bill, and I would like to thank Congresswoman M
ARTHA MCSALLY  from Arizona for her passion for this legislation, her tireless work for this legislation, testifying before the Ways and Means subcommittee on this legis-lation, and trying to help those 3.8 mil-lion households in America, many low- income and middle-income households in America, and bringing this impor-tant issue to light today. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman T
IBERI as well as Chairman B
RADY . I truly appreciate their willing-ness to work with me on this legisla-tion that will peel back this lesser- known tax increase buried in the Af-fordable Care Act that is already hurt-ing middle class families and will begin to hurt seniors early next year. H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, is a bill I introduced earlier in this Con-gress, and it will protect seniors from this tax hike and it will roll it back for middle class families. With the costs of health care rising and becoming significantly harder for families and seniors to find, this legis-lation is necessary to provide relief to Americans with expensive medical bills. Since 2005, healthcare costs have steadily risen faster than inflation in every year except one. Additionally, the trend towards ris-ing health insurance deductibles and premiums are leaving people exposed to increased out-of-pocket costs. We should be working to reduce this bur-den, not making it worse; but that is not what this hidden tax hike in the Affordable Care Act would do. Currently, the IRS allows Americans with high healthcare costs to deduct certain out-of-pocket expenses from their taxes. Prior to 2013, individuals could deduct out-of-pocket costs that exceed 7.5 percent of one’s adjusted gross income, or AGI. The Affordable Care Act changed this for Americans under the age of 65 already by moving that threshold to 10 percent, effectively raising taxes on middle class Ameri-cans. To make matters worse, that same tax increase is scheduled to hit Ameri-cans 65 and older starting January 1, 2017. This is particularly concerning to me because, according to the Census Bureau’s 2014 American Community Survey, approximately 140,000 individ-uals, roughly one-fifth of my constitu-ents, are over the age of 65. Though it has not received much at-tention, the medical expense deduction means a great deal to some of the most vulnerable Americans. According to re-cent data from the IRS, more than 8 million people use this deduction, with more than 80 percent earning less than $100,000 a year and 49 percent earning less than $50,000 a year. This deduction is extremely important for low-and middle-income Americans who have al-ready spent thousands in out-of-pocket costs and cannot afford another shock to their wallets and pocketbooks. The same goes for seniors, many who already live on fixed incomes and struggle to make ends meet. According to the AARP, seniors make up 56 per-cent of all claimants of the medical ex-pense deduction. If the threshold is raised, many seniors who have saved for their whole lives and have carefully planned for retirement will suddenly be faced with hundreds of dollars in extra taxes on top of the out-of-pocket med-ical costs they already pay. That is why I introduced this bill. It is a bipartisan bill to stop this tax in-crease for seniors and roll it back for those under 65. The impetus for this legislation came from one of my constituents in Green Valley, Arizona. His name is Loren Thorsen. Tragically, Loren passed away earlier this year, but he knew the importance of raising awareness of this tax hike and he was committed and passionate to doing what he could do to stop it. I am honored to be standing here today in order to advance this ef-fort, Loren’s effort, one step further. In closing, I want to thank the 17 co-sponsors, including Chairman T
IBERI , Congresswoman L
YNN JENKINS , Con-gressman B
OBDOLD, and Congressman J
ASON SMITH, all members of the Ways and Means Committee, as well as my colleague, the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. S
INEMA ). I would also like to thank the var-ious supporting groups, including the AARP, Americans for Prosperity, 60 Plus, Americans for Tax Reform, the Association of Mature American Citi-zens, and the National Taxpayers Union. I would urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill in order to en-sure we protect the American people from another harmful healthcare tax increase that they simply cannot af-ford. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a member of our committee. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy for permitting me to add my voice to this discussion. I think we are all deep-ly concerned about impacts that we have on our constituents, whether it is in terms of tax, expenses in terms of health care, or challenges in their day- to-day life. What is deeply concerning to me is an inability for us to step back and look at these things in a broader con-text to be able to prioritize and deal with these items in a way that actually provides some sense of balance. Now, I will be the first to admit that I had some reservations about some of the funding elements that were part of the Affordable Care Act. I would not have used exactly the same structure, but bear in mind that the investment in the Affordable Care Act has provided significant healthcare subsidies for millions of Americans, which my friend and colleague, Congressman LEVIN, can go through in great detail. But what we are looking at here are three problems. One, if this bill were to move for-ward, it would invest $33 billion, either added to the deficit or cutting other programs. Now, I think it is important to bear in mind that this Congress has been tied in knots, unable to come up with a billion or two to deal with the Zika crisis, the infections that are taking place, the potential of an epidemic starting in places like Florida and Puerto Rico, but putting people at risk around the country. This is an imme-diate healthcare crisis. Congress is paralyzed, and we can’t come up with a billion or two, let alone $33 billion over the next 10 years. We have watched, on an ongoing basis, people picking away at items of the Af-fordable Care Act, which was developed as a comprehensive package that had things that some people supported, some people were opposed, but collec-tively was able to provide these bene-fits that resulted in having the lowest uninsured rate in American history. We are watching people starting to try and pick away at elements here that either add to the deficit or undermine the integrity of the Affordable Care Act. Now, one of the things that has been frustrating for me is that we had a complete collapse of the legislative process. There were many things that we could have done to refine and im-prove the Affordable Care Act. Nobody would have designed the bill exactly like it went through, but that is what happened when the Senate Republicans stopped legislating, and we used the reconciliation package to take what we had, enable it to go forward with the expectation over the course of the last 6 years we would be working together to refine it, like we have done with every single major piece of social legis-lation in our history. We work on it. None of these things are perfect. We refine it. We look at the changes that can come forward and try to improve it for the American peo-ple. That has not been what has hap-pened in the 6 years that my Repub-lican friends have been in charge of the House of Representatives. I have deep affection and respect for my friend, Mr. T
IBERI . We work on lots of things together. One thing we haven’t been able to work on in 6 years is an opportunity to refine the Afford-able Care Act, to be able to work to-gether cooperatively to build on it. We have had an agenda. I lost track at 65 the number of times the votes were to repeal it, not to be able to work together. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.058 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5383 September 13, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. But to repeal it and to get rid of it, to try to high-light—in fact, there were a number of votes that have taken place to actually make it worse, to have a bigger impact on low- and moderate-income families, have a bigger cliff for people who have changes in their economic cir-cumstances, to have a larger penalty rather than smoothing, refining, and making it better. We have an opportunity to be able to deal meaningfully with things that will improve the health of the American people. If we don’t agree on the refine-ment of the Affordable Care Act—I am hoping that we might have a more re-sponsible and slightly better Congress next time, but there are things we could do right now in areas of medical research. I mentioned Zika. We have opportunities to move for-ward. This takes off the top something that has been in the legislation for some time that focuses one element, but doesn’t improve the quality of health care; that doesn’t deal with re-fining and strengthening the Afford-able Care Act; that doesn’t deal with the crisis of Zika; doesn’t beef up med-ical research. We have many priorities. We have many opportunities. The easiest thing in the world to do is come in and try to cut taxes, add more deductions, make changes, particularly if we are not going to pay for those changes, if we are just going to add to the deficit greater borrowing for the future. This is cotton candy. This is not seri-ous legislation. There are no tradeoffs involved here. It is just making it out of whole cloth, moving forward and let-ting somebody else bear the con-sequences. I don’t think that is what we should be doing. I do think there are people who are serious about reduc-ing the deficit. I think there are people who are serious about improving health care for the American people. There are people who are deadly seri-ous about dealing with the Zika crisis. There are things that we could be doing cooperatively to make things better and focus on priorities. This bill is not that. This bill is cotton candy, unpaid for; cut taxes and let the con-sequences fall to somebody else. I think we can do better. I hope we do better. I hope people get this out of their system and make their point. I understand it. In a perfect world, there are things that we would have done dif-ferently. b1600 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I have great affection for my colleague from Oregon as well, but today we are mak-ing this piece of legislation, this thing called the Affordable Care Act, better. In fact, JCT says that, in 10 years, nearly 10 million households in Amer-ica will be paying this new tax—again, moderate- and low-income households. For those 10 million people, we are making it better. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). He is from suburban Chicago, a member of the Ways and Means Committee, and has been active in supporting this leg-islation and helping get it passed out of committee. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yielding the time. I also want to join him in saying to my colleague and good friend from Oregon that I welcome the opportunity to try to dive in to the Affordable Care Act to make it better, and I look at the legislation that is in front of us as a step to be able to do some of those things. Now, again, this is just one step, so I don’t believe that it is cotton candy be-cause, as we look at premiums that are going right through the roof, deductibles that have gone sky high, hardworking American taxpayers are looking and saying: What is going on? Mr. Speaker, the debate today, which I am pleased to join, about H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, is a common-sense piece of legislation and a bipar-tisan piece of legislation that actually is talking about rolling back a tax that was put into the Affordable Care Act. What is interesting is that this tax, in essence, enabled people to be able to deduct expenses that were over 7.5 per-cent of their adjusted gross income. Think about that. That is a pretty size-able amount of resources. So as of 2013, Mr. Speaker, the Af-fordable Care Act raised the floor of this 7.5 percent to 10 percent. They raised it on individuals—hardworking American taxpayers—that are out there that are trying to get by and make ends meet to provide a better life for their family. Currently, seniors age 65 and older still are able to deduct those that are above 7.5 percent of the adjusted gross income. But that is not going to be for very long because, beginning in 2017, they are also going to lose that ability, and it is going to go up to 10 percent. Here is why that seemingly very small change is a big problem. Individ-uals, families, and seniors claiming this deduction are already spending a large amount of resources of their per-sonal income on medical bills. Those who depend on this deduction most often have complex, high-cost health conditions. The bill in front of us today will fix the Affordable Care Act’s counter-productive tax increase that has al-ready been imposed on individuals and families, and it will protect seniors from facing the same tax increase by permanently allowing everyone to de-duct qualified medical expenses above the pre-ACA level, the Affordable Care Act level, of 7.5 percent. This isn’t cotton candy, I hope. I cer-tainly hope this isn’t cotton candy, as my friend from Oregon said. This is a meaningful and, I do believe, impor-tant piece of legislation as families all across our country are looking at healthcare costs that are going through the roof, and they are saying: Wait a second; can I please get some re-lief? According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, 40 percent of those who would receive immediate relief from this piece of legislation, from this bill, make between $40,000 and $75,000 per year. This is not millionaires and bil-lionaires—$40,000 to $75,000 a year. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. DOLD. Additionally, according to the AARP, 56 percent of all tax re-turns claiming this as an expense are seniors, have a senior in the household making that claim. Fixing this coun-terproductive tax puts in place, I be-lieve, the right message that we want people to be able to pay for their med-ical expenses. Ultimately, what we are doing is we are seeing these costs continue to rise. I know I am not the only Member of Congress that hears it from their con-stituents. In talking to my colleagues, frankly, on both sides of the aisle, I know they hear it. The costs are going up, premiums and deductibles. Ultimately, we want to provide good, quality coverage and health care to families, hardworking taxpayers, and seniors all across our country. This is a commonsense, bipartisan piece of legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to step forward and support this legisla-tion. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. S
INEMA ). Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman L
EVIN for yielding, and I thank Congresswoman M
CSALLY for working with me on introducing this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act. As the cost of health care shifts onto households, Congress must act to make sure that hardworking families can make ends meet. This bill provides commonsense and needed relief for hardworking Arizona families. It low-ers the adjusted gross income threshold for claiming the medical expense de-duction back to 7.5 percent and pre-vents a looming tax hike on Arizona seniors. According to a 2014 CRS report, med-ical expenses are the second largest de-duction for taxpayers with adjusted gross incomes of under $50,000. Middle- income families who itemize deduc-tions are more likely and more able to claim this deduction than high-income earners. According to 2014 IRS data, 98 per-cent of those claiming this deduction have incomes less than $200,000, and 84 percent claiming this deduction make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.059 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5384 September 13, 2016 
less than $100,000 a year. More than half of those who claim this deduction earn less than $55,000 a year. So if we talk dollars, 94 percent of the dollars that go back to hardworking families to cover medical expenses went to fil-ers who earn under $200,000 a year. While the annual growth in healthcare spending has slowed to his-torically low rates, the out-of-pocket costs for hardworking families con-tinue to rise. This legislation provides modest relief for middle class families and seniors, and that is why it is strongly supported by the AARP. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank my col-league from Arizona for her bipartisan work on this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 3590. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), who is a leader on the Ways and Means Committee on healthcare issues. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, and I thank the sponsor, Ms. M
CSALLY , for her work on this important legislation. Under ObamaCare, more Americans have been pushed into high deductible plans that force them to incur massive out-of-pocket costs before insurance kicks in. Yet, just as Americans are shelling out more for health costs, ObamaCare upped the amount of money you have to spend on medical expenses in order to qualify for a tax deduction. Seniors initially got a reprieve from this ObamaCare tax hike, but that ends next year. This means that, on top of dealing with ObamaCare’s cuts to Medicare, the harmful medical device tax, and the looming threat of the law’s Independent Payment Advisory Board—or, commonly called, IPAB— seniors will also be forced to adjust to a new tax rule that hits them right in their pocketbook. This is yet another example of how the President’s healthcare law hurts the very people that it pretends to help. Mr. Speaker, I have always said that, until we can repeal and replace ObamaCare altogether, we must act to ease the damage of this law wherever possible. That is why I am supporting today’s legislation. This bill repeals the ObamaCare tax increase and reinstates the previous threshold of medical expenses as a por-tion of income that qualify for a tax deduction. It just makes sense that, if Americans are already paying more for their health expenses, Washington shouldn’t pile on with a tax hike to make matters worse. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), our majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his work in this House and for the American people. Mr. Speaker, many words have been said on this floor about ObamaCare, about losing doctors and insurance, about losing jobs and hours at work, and about premium increases and deductibles so high it makes insurance nearly worthless. Do you know what? It is all true. ObamaCare only makes worse two of the biggest problems holding America back: jobs and cost of living. For Amer-ica to succeed, we need good-paying jobs for people to make ends meet, and we need costs for services like health care to be low enough so people can af-ford it. I have spoken too many times, Mr. Speaker, on how ObamaCare is hurting job growth and keeping people from full employment. I wish I didn’t have to keep talking about it, but as long as people continue to be hurt by this law, they need a voice. With insurers drop-ping out of the marketplace in droves, insurance premiums are going up, some by as much as 50 percent more than the year before. On top of that, before ObamaCare, the rule was that if you spent 7.5 per-cent of your income on medical ex-penses, you could start deducting how-ever much you paid above that from your taxes. The idea was that, if you are really sick, the last thing you need is government making your medical costs even more difficult. Well, I am sure you will be surprised, but ObamaCare wasn’t happy with low-ering your taxes, so they moved it up. President Obama and the Democrats in this Congress that passed this terrible bill raised taxes on the sickest people in America, those who spend the most on medical expenses. Now, I don’t understand how they could accept this. I know they didn’t read the bill before they passed it, but now they can try to do something about it. They can make one thing right. M
ARTHA MCSALLY ’s bill today, part of the House’s Better Way agenda, brings that threshold back down to where it was before, 7.5 percent. Now, it doesn’t solve the problem, but at least it gives the American peo-ple a break. Seniors and the middle class, those facing the highest medical bills, will all finally get some relief. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, I don’t see how anyone in this body can be against this. We all know ObamaCare is failing. We all know the American people and our country can’t afford this law. So let’s pass this bill and help those that need it the most. Mr. LEVIN. I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ). Dr. B OUSTANY is the Tax Policy Subcommittee chair-man of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, but more importantly, an ex-pert on healthcare policy, due to his life’s work as a physician. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman TIBERI for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act. This is a critical piece of legislation that addresses one—just one—of many contradictory and damaging provisions of ObamaCare. ObamaCare was passed in 2009 in a very partisan way, and we have seen steady increases in health insurance premium rates, double-digit increases year upon year, as well as out-of-pock-et deductible costs that Americans must cover before their health insur-ance coverage even kicks in. Now, we have to do something about this. Unfortunately, many American fami-lies have had to forgo the ability to de-duct the majority of their total med-ical expenses since 2013 when this ObamaCare provision took effect for those under age 65. Yet to make mat-ters worse, on January 1, 2017, Amer-ica’s cash-strapped seniors will also be hit with this harmful provision. Today, more than 56 percent of those claiming the medical expense deduc-tion are aged 65 or older. This is puni-tive. This is damaging. It is destruc-tive, and it is unacceptable. b1615 That is why I stand in support of Representative M
CSALLY ’s critical piece of legislation, which will afford American families and seniors a small measure of the financial relief they desperately need right now. For people on a fixed income this is difficult. We should be doing everything we can to help them and not hurt them and espe-cially protect them from the ravaging consequences of this horrible law that has devastated and really wrecked our health care system. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important bill, and I urge passage. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I think we are fortunate that the ma-jority leader spoke. It is very clear from his remarks what this is all about, at least in good measure, or I should say bad measure. This is another effort to attack ACA, the healthcare reform bill. Let me just mention the latest information we have about ACA that came out in to-day’s Census report. Prior to the ACA, there were nearly 50 million uninsured in the United States. That was dis-graceful, and the Republicans twiddled their thumbs while those uninsured re-mained uninsured. That number dropped to 29 million in 2015. The uninsured rate fell sharply in 2015 from 10.4 percent to 9.1 percent. Four million fewer Americans were un-insured in 2015 than in 2014—4 million— and it was the fifth straight year the uninsured rate has fallen since health reform’s enactment in 2010. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.060 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5385 September 13, 2016 
The bill, in terms of this provision, has been in effect for nonseniors for several years. It won’t go into effect as to seniors until next year. If there is a need to look at ACA, it can be done next year. Why the rush here? It is be-cause we are just a couple of months away from an election. I want to say one thing about the balance here in terms of this provision. If you look at the information that we received from the Joint Tax Com-mittee on the distributional effect, here is what it would look like in 2024. This bill would provide less than $100 million in tax relief for those earning less than $40,000, while providing over $2.7 billion in tax relief for those earn-ing over $100,000. That shows another real problem with this bill. I want to close by just talking about the lack of any kind of perspective, any kind of balance, and any real sensi-tivity. Essentially, this House majority is saying this: pay-for money for Zika, pay for it; pay-for money for the people of Flint; pay-for money to carry out and implement opioid legislation. But don’t pay for this tax bill, don’t pay for it—$33 billion. All of this shows the bankruptcy of the House majority, bankrupt in terms of sensitivity to an action for the over-whelming needs of the people of this country, whether it is Zika, whether it is the opioid epidemic, whether it is Flint, or other issues. And also in terms of bankruptcy just spiraling this Nation towards more and more debt, a party that once said it cared but, once again, just goes forth recklessly. I urge very much that we vote ‘‘no’’ on this. We are going through the mo-tions, but motions that are very ill- conceived and motions that will be reckless if ever carried out. That will not happen because the Senate will not act, and it will not happen because if the Senate ever did, the President would veto and his veto would be sus-tained. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Let’s go through the latest of the ACA. I concur. More Americans have insurance today. Many have it through Medicaid. In my State, we tried to apply for a Medicaid waiver program that the administration denied. In my district, there are people who have Medicaid today, but that doesn’t mean they have better health care. In fact, you could have insurance, but not have access to your doctor. You can have insurance, but not have access to the hospital where your doc-tor practices. That is an increasing problem throughout my district. You could have insurance, but the deduct-ible is too high. You could have insur-ance, but the premiums are going up. In fact, the average proposed rate hike in the individual market is 24.3 percent. In the 17 States that have ap-proved final rates for next year, the av-erage increase is 26 percent. You are paying more oftentimes and getting less. That is an update that I haven’t heard from the other side. Paying for it. Picking away at it. In December of 2015, just last year, this Congress voted in a bipartisan way to delay the medical device tax, to delay the excise tax on high cost em-ployer health care plans, known as the Cadillac tax, delay the tax on health insurance, none of it paid for, and, oh, by the way, signed by President Barack Obama. Ladies and gentlemen watching today—Bob and Betty Buckeye in Ohio—this must be a surreal debate that you are listening to. Yes, this Re-publican bill, sponsored by M
ARTHA  M
CSALLY , was first introduced by a Democrat last session of Congress, a Democrat from Arizona. But yet, today, someone will make this par-tisan. That is unfortunate to the 3.8 million households, Mr. Speaker, who would be positively impacted by this bill if it be-came law this year, or the 10 million households, most of whom are middle class and low-income. That is why the AARP supports this bill. This is about commonsense legisla-tion. This is about helping regular peo-ple. This is about fixing a problem within the Affordable Care Act, which has been bipartisan until today, appar-ently. With healthcare costs continuing to rise, Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman M
ARTHA MCSALLY takes a step in the right direction with this bill by pro-viding relief from ObamaCare taxes. Among all of the harmful policies in-cluded in the President’s health care law, this one is really unsettling be-cause it targets our sickest Americans and our seniors. The only way you benefit from this is if you have thousands of dollars of out- of-pocket costs. We could strive to make it easier for these people, most of whom are middle- and low-income, to afford their complex and expensive care. But instead, the Affordable Care Act makes it more difficult. This is easy. This shouldn’t be partisan. This is common sense. Join me, Congresswoman M
CSALLY , and groups like the AARP in sup-porting this commonsense legislation to help our most vulnerable. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 858, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5-minute votes on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5587 and the motion to suspend the rules and agree to H. Res. 729. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 261, nays 147, not voting 23, as follows: [Roll No. 502] YEAS—261 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.081 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5386 September 13, 2016 
Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—147 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal O’Rourke Pallone Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—23 
Brady (PA) Cicilline DesJarlais Duckworth Fincher Guinta Guthrie Hinojosa Israel Johnson, Sam Kirkpatrick Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Meeks Meng Palazzo Payne Pelosi Reed Rush Schiff Scott, David Sewell (AL) Wilson (FL) 
b1648 Messrs. SIRES and ELLISON changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. NOLAN changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5587) to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 405, nays 5, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 503] YEAS—405 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—5 
Amash Buck Jones Massie Stutzman 
NOT VOTING—21 
Brady (PA) Cicilline DesJarlais Duckworth Fincher Guinta Guthrie Hinojosa Israel Johnson, Sam Kirkpatrick Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Meeks Meng Palazzo Payne Pelosi Rush Schiff Sewell (AL) Wilson (FL) 
b1655 Mr. SANFORD changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 502 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 503. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR A NEW MEMORANDUM OF UNDER-STANDING ON MILITARY ASSIST-ANCE TO ISRAEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.019 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5387 September 13, 2016 
the resolution (H. Res. 729) expressing support for the expeditious consider-ation and finalization of a new, robust, and long-term Memorandum of Under-standing on military assistance to Israel between the United States Gov-ernment and the Government of Israel on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 405, nays 4, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 504] YEAS—405 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—4 
Amash Duncan (TN) Jones Massie 
NOT VOTING—22 
Amodei Brady (PA) Cicilline DesJarlais Duckworth Fincher Guinta Guthrie Hinojosa Israel Johnson, Sam Kirkpatrick Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Meeks Meng Neal Palazzo Payne Pelosi Rush Schiff Sewell (AL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1703 Mr. CARSON of Indiana changed his vote from ‘‘present’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 502, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 503, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 504. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5351, PROHIBITING THE TRANSFER OF ANY DETAINEE AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STA-TION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 5226, REGULATORY INTEGRITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–744) on the resolution (H. Res. 863) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5351) to prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5226) to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relating to pending agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS EXPIRING AUTHORITIES ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5985) to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5985 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Expir-ing Authorities Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. References to title 38, United States Code. Sec. 3. Scoring of budgetary effects. TITLE I—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO HEALTH CARE Sec. 101. Extension of authority for collec-tion of copayments for hospital care and nursing home care. Sec. 102. Extension of requirement to pro-vide nursing home care to cer-tain veterans with service-con-nected disabilities. Sec. 103. Extension of authorization of ap-propriations for assistance and support services for caregivers. Sec. 104. Extension of authority for recovery from third parties of cost of care and services furnished to veterans with health-plan con-tracts for non-service-con-nected disability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.068 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5388 September 13, 2016 
Sec. 105. Extension of authority for pilot program on assistance for child care for certain veterans receiv-ing health care. Sec. 106. Extension of authority to make grants to veterans service orga-nizations for transportation of highly rural veterans. Sec. 107. Extension of authority for pilot program on counseling in re-treat settings for women vet-erans newly separated from service. Sec. 108. Extension of deadline for report on pilot program on use of commu-nity-based organizations and local and State government en-tities to ensure that veterans receive care and benefits for which they are eligible. TITLE II—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO BENEFITS Sec. 201. Extension of authority for the Vet-erans’ Advisory Committee on Education. Sec. 202. Extension of authority for calcu-lating net value of real prop-erty at time of foreclosure. Sec. 203. Extension of authority relating to vendee loans. Sec. 204. Extension of authority to provide rehabilitation and vocational benefits to members of the Armed Forces with severe inju-ries or illnesses. TITLE III—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO HOMELESS VETERANS Sec. 301. Extension of authority for home-less veterans reintegration pro-grams. Sec. 302. Extension of authority for home-less women veterans and home-less veterans with children re-integration program. Sec. 303. Extension of authority for referral and counseling services for vet-erans at risk of homelessness transitioning from certain in-stitutions. Sec. 304. Extension of authority to provide housing assistance for homeless veterans. Sec. 305. Extension and modification of au-thority to provide financial as-sistance for supportive services for very low-income veteran families in permanent housing. Sec. 306. Extension of authority for grant program for homeless veterans with special needs. Sec. 307. Extension of authority for the Ad-visory Committee on Homeless Veterans. Sec. 308. Extension of authority for treat-ment and rehabilitation serv-ices for seriously mentally ill and homeless veterans. TITLE IV—OTHER EXTENSIONS AND MODIFICATIONS OF AUTHORITY AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 401. Extension of authority for trans-portation of individuals to and from Department facilities. Sec. 402. Extension of authority for oper-ation of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs regional office in Manila, the Republic of the Philippines. Sec. 403. Extension of authority for monthly assistance allowances under the Office of National Veterans Sports Programs and Special Events. Sec. 404. Extension of requirement to pro-vide reports to Congress regard-ing equitable relief in the case of administrative error. Sec. 405. Extension of authorization of ap-propriations for adaptive sports programs for disabled veterans and members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 406. Extension of authority for Advi-sory Committee on Minority Veterans. Sec. 407. Modification to authorization of appropriations for comprehen-sive service programs for home-less veterans. Sec. 408. Extension of authority for tem-porary expansion of eligibility for specially adapted housing assistance for certain veterans with disabilities causing dif-ficulty ambulating. Sec. 409. Extension of authority for specially adapted housing assistive tech-nology grant program. Sec. 410. Extension of authority to guar-antee payment of principal and interest on certificates or other securities. Sec. 411. Extension of authority to enter into agreement with the Na-tional Academy of Sciences re-garding associations between diseases and exposure to dioxin and other chemical compounds in herbicides. Sec. 412. Extension of authority for perform-ance of medical disabilities ex-aminations by contract physi-cians. Sec. 413. Restoration of prior reporting fee multipliers. Sec. 414. Extension of requirement for an-nual report on Department of Defense-Department of Vet-erans Affairs Interagency Pro-gram Office. Sec. 415. Extension of authority to approve courses of education in cases of withdrawal of recognition of ac-crediting agency by Secretary of Education. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO TITLE 38, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. SCORING OF BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the House Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. TITLE I—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO HEALTH CARE 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR COL-LECTION OF COPAYMENTS FOR HOS-PITAL CARE AND NURSING HOME CARE. 
Section 1710(f)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO PRO-VIDE NURSING HOME CARE TO CER-TAIN VETERANS WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
Section 1710A(d) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES FOR CARE-GIVERS. 
Section 1720G(e) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) $734,628,000 for fiscal year 2017.’’. SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR RECOV-ERY FROM THIRD PARTIES OF COST OF CARE AND SERVICES FURNISHED TO VETERANS WITH HEALTH-PLAN CONTRACTS FOR NON-SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITY. 
Section 1729(a)(2)(E) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. 
SEC. 105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT PROGRAM ON ASSISTANCE FOR CHILD CARE FOR CERTAIN VET-ERANS RECEIVING HEALTH CARE. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (e) of section 205 of the Caregivers and Vet-erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1144; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (h) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, and 2017’’. 
SEC. 106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO MAKE GRANTS TO VETERANS SERVICE OR-GANIZATIONS FOR TRANSPOR-TATION OF HIGHLY RURAL VET-ERANS. 
Section 307(d) of the Caregivers and Vet-erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1154; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 107. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT PROGRAM ON COUNSELING IN RE-TREAT SETTINGS FOR WOMEN VET-ERANS NEWLY SEPARATED FROM SERVICE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (d) of section 203 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 163; 124 Stat. 1143; 38 U.S.C. 1712A) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, and 2017’’. 
SEC. 108. EXTENSION OF DEADLINE FOR REPORT ON PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF COMMUNITY-BASED ORGANIZA-TIONS AND LOCAL AND STATE GOV-ERNMENT ENTITIES TO ENSURE THAT VETERANS RECEIVE CARE AND BENEFITS FOR WHICH THEY ARE ELIGIBLE. 
Section 506(g)(1) of the Caregivers and Vet-erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 38 U.S.C. 523 note) is amended by striking ‘‘180 days after the com-pletion of the pilot program’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. TITLE II—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO BENEFITS 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE VETERANS’ ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION. 
Section 3692(c) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 202. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR CALCU-LATING NET VALUE OF REAL PROP-ERTY AT TIME OF FORECLOSURE. 
Section 3732(c)(11) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. 
SEC. 203. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO VENDEE LOANS. 
Section 3733(a)(7) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.024 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5389 September 13, 2016 
SEC. 204. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-VIDE REHABILITATION AND VOCA-TIONAL BENEFITS TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH SEVERE INJURIES OR ILLNESSES. 
Section 1631(b)(2) of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 458; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. TITLE III—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO HOMELESS VETERANS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR HOME-LESS VETERANS REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2021(e)(1)(F) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR HOME-LESS WOMEN VETERANS AND HOME-LESS VETERANS WITH CHILDREN REINTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
Section 2021A(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 303. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR REFER-RAL AND COUNSELING SERVICES FOR VETERANS AT RISK OF HOME-LESSNESS TRANSITIONING FROM CERTAIN INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 2023(d) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 304. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-VIDE HOUSING ASSISTANCE FOR HOMELESS VETERANS. 
Section 2041(c) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 305. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AU-THORITY TO PROVIDE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR SUPPORTIVE SERVICES FOR VERY LOW-INCOME VETERAN FAMILIES IN PERMANENT HOUSING. 
Subparagraph (E) of section 2044(e)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(E) $320,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017.’’. 
SEC. 306. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR GRANT PROGRAM FOR HOMELESS VET-ERANS WITH SPECIAL NEEDS. 
Section 2061(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 307. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON HOME-LESS VETERANS. 
Section 2066(d) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 308. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TREAT-MENT AND REHABILITATION SERV-ICES FOR SERIOUSLY MENTALLY ILL AND HOMELESS VETERANS. 
(a) G ENERAL TREATMENT .—Section 2031(b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES AT CERTAIN LOCA-
TIONS .—Section 2033(d) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. TITLE IV—OTHER EXTENSIONS AND MODI-FICATIONS OF AUTHORITY AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 401. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANS-PORTATION OF INDIVIDUALS TO AND FROM DEPARTMENT FACILI-TIES. 
Section 111A(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 402. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR OPER-ATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS REGIONAL OF-FICE IN MANILA, THE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES. 
Section 315(b) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. SEC. 403. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR MONTHLY ASSISTANCE ALLOW-ANCES UNDER THE OFFICE OF NA-TIONAL VETERANS SPORTS PRO-GRAMS AND SPECIAL EVENTS. 
Section 322(d)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 404. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO PRO-VIDE REPORTS TO CONGRESS RE-GARDING EQUITABLE RELIEF IN THE CASE OF ADMINISTRATIVE ERROR. 
Section 503(c) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS FOR ADAPTIVE SPORTS PROGRAMS FOR DISABLED VETERANS AND MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 521A is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (2) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE ON MINORITY VETERANS. 
Section 544(e) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 407. MODIFICATION TO AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR COMPREHEN-SIVE SERVICE PROGRAMS FOR HOMELESS VETERANS. 
Section 2013(7) is amended by striking ‘‘$250,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$257,700,000’’. 
SEC. 408. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TEM-PORARY EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SPECIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN VET-ERANS WITH DISABILITIES CAUSING DIFFICULTY AMBULATING. 
Section 2101(a)(4) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 409. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR SPE-CIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING ASSIST-IVE TECHNOLOGY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 2108(g) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 410. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO GUAR-ANTEE PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ON CERTIFICATES OR OTHER SECURITIES. 
Section 3720(h)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 411. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AGREEMENT WITH THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES RE-GARDING ASSOCIATIONS BETWEEN DISEASES AND EXPOSURE TO DIOXIN AND OTHER CHEMICAL COM-POUNDS IN HERBICIDES. 
Section 3(i) of the Agent Orange Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–4; 38 U.S.C. 1116 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 412. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PER-FORMANCE OF MEDICAL DISABIL-ITIES EXAMINATIONS BY CONTRACT PHYSICIANS. 
Subsection (c) of section 704 of the Vet-erans Benefits Act of 2003 (38 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 413. RESTORATION OF PRIOR REPORTING FEE MULTIPLIERS. 
Section 406 of the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–175; 38 U.S.C. 3684 note) is amended by striking ‘‘two-year’’ and insert-ing ‘‘three-year’’. SEC. 414. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR AN-NUAL REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS INTERAGENCY PRO-GRAM OFFICE. 
Section 1635(h)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 415. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO AP-PROVE COURSES OF EDUCATION IN CASES OF WITHDRAWAL OF REC-OGNITION OF ACCREDITING AGENCY BY SECRETARY OF EDUCATION. 
Section 3679(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any course’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), any course’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) In the case of a course of education that would be subject to disapproval under paragraph (1) solely for the reason that the Secretary of Education withdraws the rec-ognition of the accrediting agency that ac-credited the course, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Education, and notwithstanding the withdrawal, may continue to treat the course as an approved course of education under this chapter for a period not to exceed 18 months from the date of the withdrawal of recognition of the accrediting agency, unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the ap-propriate State approving agency determines that there is evidence to support the dis-approval of the course under this chapter. The Secretary shall provide to any veteran enrolled in such a course of education notice of the status of the course of education.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 5985, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5985, as amended, would extend a number of expiring au-thorities and critical programs at both the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Labor. These in-clude extensions for veterans’ health care and homeless programs, benefits for disabled veterans and their care-givers, vocational rehabilitative pro-grams for servicemembers and vet-erans, home loan programs, and a vari-ety of advisory committees and pilot programs. Absent passage of this legislation today, these important and non-controversial authorizations and pro-grams are set to expire at the end of this fiscal or this calendar year. These are not new programs, and the costs as-sociated with them have either been fully offset or have been assumed in the baseline budget for fiscal year 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.024 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5390 September 13, 2016 
Furthermore, both the majority and minority of the House and Senate Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs have worked on this language and agree on the need to extend all of these pro-grams. H.R. 5985, as amended, includes an ex-tension of authority which would allow VA to continue to approve schools for GI Bill benefits for up to 18 months, even if the school’s accreditor loses formal recognition by the Department of Education. Mr. Speaker, this change is necessary to provide student veterans with the same protections that students using title IV funds would have, and it would ensure that our Nation’s veterans don’t immediately have their GI Bill bene-fits, including their housing allow-ances, halted by a DOE decision to no longer recognize an accrediting body. This provision is a must-pass, as there is possibly an imminent decision by the Department of Education to do just that and to withdraw the approval of the Accrediting Council for Inde-pendent Colleges and Schools. While I am not going to comment today on the Secretary of Education’s decision, we have been told it could come as early as this month, and it is this body’s duty to protect an esti-mated 18,000 veterans from losing their benefits instantaneously through abso-lutely no fault of their own. The language in this bill would mir-ror language that is already included in the law governing nonveteran stu-dent aid and is supported by numerous veterans service organizations and other stakeholders, including the American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, Student Veterans of America, and the National Association of State Approving Agen-cies. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers to support H.R. 5985, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5985, a bill to extend certain expiring provi-sions related to care at the Department of Veterans Affairs. This bill makes sure that some of the vital programs we have in place to take care of our veterans continue past the end of the fiscal year and continue to help our veterans. Included in this bill are pro-visions related to health care, benefits, homeless veterans, and other related issues. I am pleased to support extending programs related to support services for caregivers, child care for certain veterans receiving health care, and a pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly sep-arated from the service. It also has provisions to extend the authority related to rehabilitation and vocational benefits to members of the armed services with severe injuries or illnesses, homeless veterans’ reintegra-tion programs, homeless women vet-erans and homeless veterans with chil-dren and providing housing assistance for homeless veterans. The final section of the bill deals with the GI Bill and when an institu-tion of higher education loses its ac-creditation. This section aligns GI Bill benefits in law with all other higher education benefits, such as Pell and Federal student loans. Now, this provision is crucial because soon the Department of Education may withdraw recognition of the Accred-iting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools. I support this move by the Department of Education. It is a long time coming. But without section 415, when this happens, GI Bill benefits will be cut off for student veterans in schools accred-ited by this agency. It puts the 37,000 student veterans and dependents re-ceiving GI Bill benefits in schools ac-credited by this agency on the same footing as all other students receiving Federal higher education benefits. It allows them the time they need to re-coup. Section 415 is strongly supported by veterans service organizations such as Student Veterans of America and is the result of bipartisan agreement. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from the Fifth District of Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ), a very active member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the great work. We are going to miss his leadership next year when he goes into other pursuits. He will be sorely missed, and veterans will miss him. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak of a missed opportunity in H.R. 5985. At present, the VA is pushing a rule that permits certified registered nurse anes-thetists to practice without the super-vision of a physician. This is a huge mistake. This bill should extend a 1- year period where the VA cannot im-plement this rule. Opponents to this provision cited conditions present in forward-deployed locations as justification for imple-menting a change of this magnitude. Be that as it may, just because certain practices are permitted in forward-de-ployed locations due to military neces-sity does not mean that those risky practices should be forced upon our veterans at all other times and places. Our veterans deserve the absolute best care possible. They should not be used as test subjects when the VA tries to change how it delivers services. It is not right for the VA to give our vet-erans unsafe and risky health care. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I simply want to urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5985, as amended. I want to thank, sincerely, the work that we have done together with Chairman M
ILLER on this legislation. I am so pleased that we are passing this in the manner we are. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 5985, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MIL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5985, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY FIRST AND APPEALS MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on H.R. 5620. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OUSTANY ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 859 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5620. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1716 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5620) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my bill, the VA Ac-countability First and Appeals Mod-ernization Act of 2016, would do two very important things for our Nation’s veterans. First, it would provide the Secretary of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs with more tools needed to enforce accountability at VA. Second, it would help modernize VA’s current 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.071 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5391 September 13, 2016 
appeals process, which is not just bro-ken but is preventing VA from pro-viding veterans with the benefits they deserve in a timely manner. I want to first take a moment to dis-cuss the important and forward-think-ing accountability measures that are included in the bill before us today. H.R. 5620 would allow the VA Sec-retary to remove or demote any em-ployee for poor performance or mis-conduct; would allow the recoupment of a bonus given inappropriately to an employee; reduce a senior executive’s pension if they are found guilty of a felony that influenced their job per-formance; make modifications to the Secretary’s authority to remove senior executives that was granted in the Choice Act; and recoup any location and moving expenses if the Secretary determines that the employee com-mitted any acts of waste, fraud, or malfeasance. Furthermore, despite comments made by some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, my bill also con-tains language that increases protec-tions. Let me say that again. It in-creases protections of whistleblowers. These new whistleblower protections would stipulate that any employee can-not be removed under this new author-ity if they have an open claim at the Office of Special Counsel. To add even more protections for those who blow the whistle at VA, my bill would also set up a new process to be used in addition to any other proc-ess that is currently allowed by law. This will protect whistleblowers from retaliation and removal while they bring issues to light up through their chain of command. These protections are unprecedented and strengthen existing whistleblower protections. In fact, 16 whistleblower groups signed a letter of support for the whistleblower provisions of this particular bill and stated that section 8 of my bill is ‘‘ . . . a major break-through in the struggle for VA whistle-blowers to gain credible rights when defending the integrity of the agency mission and disclosing quality of care concerns. Further, section 8 of the bill would provide a system to hold em-ployees accountable for their actions when they retaliate against those ex-posing waste, fraud, or abuse.’’ Mr. Chair, as I have always said, I agree with all of my colleagues that the vast majority of the employees at the Department of Veterans Affairs are hardworking public servants who are dedicated to providing quality health care and the benefits that our veterans have earned. But it is beyond com-prehension that, with as much outright malfeasance as our committee has un-covered at the Department of Veterans Affairs and increased scrutiny that we have placed on the Department over the past 5 years and their need to hold employees accountable, we still see far too many instances of VA employees not living up to the standards that America expects. It is even more in-comprehensible that anyone would op-pose this bill. For example, we have shown an em-ployee showing up drunk to work to scrub in for a surgery on a veteran; an employee taking a recovering addict to a crack house and buying him drugs and the services of a prostitute; a VA employee participating in an armed robbery; and senior managers retali-ating against whistleblowers, at which point VA then has to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to the whistle-blower in restitution. Not only are all of these acts egre-gious and not only are all of these in-stances factual, they really are just the tip of the iceberg. But what causes me to stand before you today is that in none of these instances did the VA hold these employees accountable in any reasonable timeframe, if they did at all. I blame many factors for this, but mainly I blame an antiquated system that has left VA managers unwilling to jump through the many hoops to do what is right. Mr. Chair, it is well past time that we not allow the current system to continue. It is certainly our duty to fi-nally take action and enact meaningful change at VA that puts their veterans and their families first and foremost. Everything else should come second. That includes the power of the public sector unions. As I have said before, VA is not sacred. Our veterans are. Unfortunately, since the VA Com-mittee began placing a greater focus on changing the civil service as it pertains to the VA, the unions have pushed back at every single turn, even telling com-mittee staff that anything other than the status quo would never garner their support. Well, if the list of em-ployees I mentioned before of who were not held accountable is not a clear ex-ample of how broken the status quo is, then I don’t know what is. Mr. Chair, it is time that we put poli-tics and the misguided rhetoric of op-ponents of change aside and, instead, align ourselves with our Nation’s vet-erans and the organizations that rep-resent them. Eighteen veterans service organiza-tions support the bill that is before us today: The American Legion, The Vet-erans of Foreign Wars of the United States, Disabled American Veterans, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Stu-dent Veterans of America, AMVETS, Association of the United States Navy, the Military Order of Purple Heart, Na-tional Association for Uniformed Serv-ices, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Concerned Veterans for America, the Fleet Reserve Associa-tion, Military Officers Association of America, Reserve Officers Association, The Enlisted Association of the Na-tional Guard of the United States, VetsFirst, Vietnam Veterans of Amer-ica, and The United States Army War-rant Officers Association. That is 18 groups, Mr. Chairman. These groups represent millions of vet-erans and their families, not public em-ployee unions who support the status quo that has led to the litany of prob-lems at the Department of Veterans Affairs. The choice is clear. Each of us is now faced with either siding with the veterans of this country or corrupt union bosses. Everyone in government knows that the civil service laws that were once meant to promote the efficiency of government are now obsolete and make it almost impossible to remove a poor- performing employee. Even last year, VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson sat before our committee and admitted it was too difficult to fire a substandard employee. Another former senior VA employee, then Act-ing Under Secretary for Benefits, stat-ed at a committee hearing last year that ‘‘. . . With our GS employees, it’s the rules, the regulations, the protec-tions are such that it’s almost impos-sible to do anything.’’ The Government Accountability Of-fice studied the government’s ability to hold low-performing employees ac-countable. They found that it took 6 months to a year, on average, and sometimes significantly longer, to fire poor-performing government employ-ees. When the Choice Act was signed into law in 2014, even President Obama said at the bill signing: ‘‘If you engage in an unethical practice, if you cover up a se-rious problem, you should be fired. Pe-riod. It shouldn’t be that difficult.’’ While I know the administration has changed its tone since the Choice Act was signed into law, since this legisla-tion would now affect all VA employ-ees, even unionized ones, I strongly be-lieve we should maintain the same ex-pectations for rank and file employees at VA as we do senior officials, regard-less of your title or rank within the agency. It is a privilege to work at VA and to serve the veterans of this coun-try. It is not a right. Last summer, the House passed the removal section for all VA employees in H.R. 1994. At the time, I received a lot of pushback from my colleagues on the minority side about the account-ability language. I was told I was try-ing to make all VA employees at-will and completely destroy the civil serv-ice system. As I said then and I say now, that was not and is not my intention. But I believe that the current system is ham-pering VA from moving forward into an organization that is deserving of the veterans that it serves. In short, I want a civil service system at VA that serves and protects veterans, not bad employees. I continue to hear concerns that this bill will hurt the Department’s ability to recruit and retain good employees and will hurt morale. I also know that, last night, the administration released a statement about its concerns with the accountability measures in this bill and that this language would impede rather than support VA’s ability to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.073 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5392 September 13, 2016 
carry out its duties. I think these argu-ments are nothing more than scare tac-tics. Mr. Chairman, what is impeding VA from carrying out its duties is decades of tolerating poor performance and even criminal or unethical behavior. The antiquated civil service laws are binding the Department’s hands and permitting the toxic behavior of a few to overcome the good work of a major-ity. If we do not at least try to give the Secretary the tools needed to hold VA employees accountable, then we are just as culpable for any future VA fail-ures as the antiquated civil service laws that foster these failures now. That is why this legislation is not punitive, but it is necessary if we truly want to make the ability for the changes in this Congress. The Amer-ican people and, most importantly, our veterans expect this to occur. The best way to improve morale is to make it easier to get rid of the roots of dys-function that we currently see throughout the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. I have been told that VA can’t fire its way to excellence, but neither can you tolerate malfeasance and expect excel-lence to become routine. Most Ameri-cans would be appalled with the com-plexity that is now baked into our civil service system. In the real world, if you don’t do your job effectively or if you engage in unethical conduct, you get removed from the payroll. It is that simple. We only need to look at the news that broke last week regarding 5,300 employees at the Wells Fargo Bank that were fired for creating hundreds of thousands of fake deposit accounts and cheating customers by charging them bogus fees. b1730 That is how disciplinary actions are handled in the private sector. They were fired. And I believe it is some-thing the public sector needs to learn from. Compare that to the fewer than 10 VA employees held accountable for the wait time manipulation at the center of the largest scandal in VA history, and it is no wonder why Americans are losing faith in their government. There is not a doubt in my mind that all of my colleagues here, all of them, care about our Nation’s veterans, and we can show that by passing this bill before us today. I also want to touch on a provision in my bill that would improve the appeals process of disability claims at the VA. VA should process veterans’ claims for disability benefits accurately, consist-ently, and in a timely fashion. How-ever, if a veteran disagrees with the de-cision and decides to file an appeal, VA’s appeals process should be thor-ough, it should be swift, and it should be fair. The truth is that VA’s current ap-peals process is broken. It is a lengthy, complicated, and confusing process for our veterans and their families. The appeals reform section was drafted by the Department in collaboration with VSOs and other veterans advocates. The intent of the bill is to modernize their existing cumbersome appeals process and to ensure that veterans re-ceive appeals decisions in a timely fashion. My bill, based entirely off committee member D
INATITUS’ bill, would allow the veteran to remove a traditional ap-peal with a hearing and opportunity to new evidence in support of their claim. Additionally, the bill would give vet-erans the option of choosing a faster process in which the veteran would not submit new evidence or have a hearing but would receive an expedited deci-sion. Although there are many questions about how VA is going to implement this proposal, we don’t have the luxury of time in these closing days, and the backlog of pending appeals is explod-ing. As of the first of January of this year, there were 375,000 appeals pending in VA, including at the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals. On the first of June of this year, there were almost 457,000 ap-peals pending, an increase of 82,000 pending appeals in less than 18 months. Moreover, the Board of Veterans’ Ap-peals estimates that the number of ap-peals certified to the Board will rise from 88,000 to almost 360,000 in fiscal year 2017, a 400 percent increase in 1 year. It is obvious that Congress needs to act now. This bill offers the best chance to improve VA’s appeals process and provide veterans with the best pos-sible decision on their claim. Mr. Chairman, today we have a meaningful package that makes changes to VA’s civil service system, while maintaining due process rights, as well as making progressive steps in changing the antiquated system that veterans are currently stuck in when appealing their disability claims. And finally, it is vital for our col-leagues to keep in mind that H.R. 5620 is truly a bipartisan bill. It combines two of the biggest legislative priorities proposed by both the Republicans and the Democrats. And as we near the end of this Congress, we have the oppor-tunity to put politics aside to make real and lasting change to a broken system. Today, we can decide to stand with our veterans, or we can stand with the status quo and the unions that perpet-uate the status quo which, I believe, has failed them and the American pub-lic for far, far too long. I hope you will join me and the 18 veterans service organizations who support this legislation. Do what is right for our veterans. Pass H.R. 5620. Let’s put accountability first so that transformative reforms can succeed. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington DC, September 8, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016. As you know, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs received an original referral and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was intro-duced on July 5, 2016. I recognize and appre-ciate your desire to bring this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives in an expe-ditious manner, and accordingly, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill, as amended. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 5620 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our under-standing. Sincerely, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington DC, September 8, 2016. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : In reference to your letter on September 8, 2016, I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 5620, as amended. I appreciate the House Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform’s waiver of consideration of provisions under its juris-diction and its subject matter. I acknowl-edge that the waiver was granted only to ex-pedite floor consideration of H.R. 5620, as amended, and does not in any way waive or diminish the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s jurisdictional in-terests over this legislation or similar legis-lation. I will support a request from the House Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform for appointment to any House- Senate conference on H.R. 5620, as amended. Finally, I will also support your request to include a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record dur-ing floor consideration. Again, thank you for your assistance with these matters. With personal regards, I am Sincerely, J
EFFMILLER , Chairman. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume, and I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5620. Now, there is no dispute whether Congress should take action to in-crease accountability at the VA. On both sides of the aisle, we recognize that VA employees have a patriotic duty to provide veterans the care they have earned, and there should be con-sequences when they fail to meet that standard. But we must also recognize that VA employees, nearly a third of whom are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.074 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5393 September 13, 2016 
veterans themselves, have constitu-tional rights. In several ways, H.R. 5620 violates those rights and, therefore, will not achieve our shared goal of a more accountable VA workforce. In fact, passing this bill will move us fur-ther away from a strong accountability system that will improve the quality of service VA provides to veterans. This flaw in the legislation is not without precedent. The accountability provisions included in the 2014 Vet-erans Choice Act could not be enforced after the Attorney General determined they violated due process rights. And President Obama threatened to veto a previous version of the bill, H.R. 1994, for the very same reason. Now, unfortunately, the majority continues to treat the constitutional rights of VA employees as inconvenient obstacles to evade, instead of funda-mental civil service protections to up-hold. The strict time requirements H.R. 5620 puts on administrative bodies, such as the Office of Personnel Man-agement and the U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board, to decide appeals cases would meaningfully impact the ability of every VA employee to get a fair and proper hearing. This bill improperly hands power to the VA Secretary with respect to set-ting standards for bonuses. According to the Non-Delegation Doctrine, Con-gress cannot shift its authority to agencies without providing an intel-ligent framework for carrying out that authority. As written, H.R. 5620 vio-lates that doctrine. Finally, I believe the majority’s ef-fort to institute new whistleblower provisions would be overturned for the same reason that the U.S. Attorney General’s Office said it would not de-fend an unconstitutional section of the Choice Act: it violates the Appoint-ments clause in the Constitution by al-lowing lower-level employees to have the final decisionmaking authority to decide whether an employee will be fired. Now, these are more than minor legal concerns; they are reasons why VA em-ployees who commit misconduct will not be held accountable when their ter-minations are challenged in court. We can pass H.R. 5620, but we will be right back here a year from now or 2 years from now when the law is deemed un-constitutional. Our Senate colleagues have a bipar-tisan bill that includes accountability provisions that could serve as a founda-tion for legislation in the House. We had an opportunity to advance lan-guage that both parties and both Chambers can agree to, and I am dis-appointed that we are not pursuing that path. I am also disappointed that this bill includes a moratorium on bonuses for VA’s senior executives. Recruiting and retaining strong leadership at the VA is critical to its long-term success, and this provision will damage the Depart-ment’s efforts to maintain a talented workforce that can address the under-lying systematic issues that are caus-ing poor performance. Now I am not alone in this assess-ment. The American Legion, the Mili-tary Officers Association of America, and others have expressed reservations about this punitive approach to the VA’s senior executives. Finally, I am frustrated—I am par-ticularly frustrated that the majority has attached to this bill a desperately needed bipartisan fix for the VA ap-peals process. The VA Appeals Mod-ernization Act of 2016, introduced by my friend and colleague, Congress-woman D
INA TITUS, has unanimous support and would sail through the House and Senate on its own. It is nearly the product of 4 years of work, and both sides agree to it. Yet, you would attach it to a bill that we cannot agree to. It makes no sense that we are holding up this mag-nificent legislation that both sides worked on and that was the hard work of my friend and colleague from Ne-vada. This legislation would move the VA away from an inefficient and con-voluted unified appeals process and re-place it with differentiated lanes, which give veterans clear options after receiving an initial decision on a claim. In sum, it would allow veterans to have a clear answer and path for-ward on their appeal within 1 year from filing. By attaching it to this bipartisan ac-countability bill, the majority is pre-venting VA appeals reform from mov-ing forward, denying veterans the streamlined appeals process they de-serve. I strongly urge the majority to allow Congresswoman T
ITUS’ legislation to come to the floor as a stand-alone bill so we can accomplish a critical objec-tive for the veterans community. Free the Titus bill. Let it come to the floor. Now, the chairman talks about ac-countability and improving the culture at the VA. I would like to remind my friend from Florida that last week we heard testimony from the co-chairs of the Commission on Care. This Commis-sion was appointed in a bipartisan way by the President, by the Speaker, by the minority leader of this House, and by the majority and minority leaders of the Senate; and the co-chairs gave us a report on their recommendations. When asked about should there be an easier way to fire people, should there be a way to streamline the account-ability process, to my surprise, they both answered ‘‘no’’ to a question posed by one of the Republican Mem-bers. They recommended that more in-vestment and more time be devoted to leadership training within the VA. They both lead private sector health organizations, and they both stated how they are obligated to the due proc-ess concerns with their employees. They were shocked at the relative under-appreciation for the personnel function at the VA. They did not emphasize stripping away due process rights for workers. Instead, they strongly urged our com-mittee to look at supporting the per-sonnel function of the VA and improv-ing leadership development and mana-gerial skills of our managers. So I recommend that we take this legislation back to committee, back to regular order, instead of considering it on a rushed basis and suspending the rules. Mr. Chairman, all of us, Democrats and Republicans, believe in the need for stronger accountability for employ-ees at the VA to ensure that our vet-erans get the care they deserve. Unfor-tunately, this legislation falls short of that goal. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I would remind my good friend, the ranking member over on the mi-nority side, that this bill has been sit-ting out there for 6 weeks, in time for 80 amendments to have been filed, so it definitely was not rushed. I remember back in high school the three branches of government, and the executive branch is supposed to enforce the laws that this body, Congress, writes. I don’t believe it is the Attor-ney General’s responsibility. She may wish she was a judge, but she is not. She is the Attorney General. She can-not deem something unconstitutional. Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the leadership of Chairman J
EFF MILLER , both in the committee and with this particular piece of legis-lation. Mr. Chairman, our veterans demand the strong accountability tools con-tained in H.R. 5620. Since the Phoenix wait-list scandals, very few individuals have been held accountable. Fewer still are those whose disciplinary actions have not been overturned by the Merit System Protection Board. This state of affairs is deplorable. This bill provides VA leadership with the tools to hold all VA employees ac-countable for their performance and misconduct, not just those members of the Senior Executive Service. This bill is long overdue. Veterans within my district are still experi-encing poor service from the VA. VA employees have openly joked in front of our veterans about their immunity to any disciplinary actions for their poor performance. Mr. Chairman, our veterans have earned the privilege of interacting with VA employees who put the veteran first, not their own careers. I urge my colleagues to support this vital piece of legislation. b1745 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ne-vada (Ms. T
ITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.076 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5394 September 13, 2016 
thank the chairman. Even though we may disagree on this piece of legisla-tion, I believe he has been a fair chair-man to work with all members of the committee. When I became a member of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee and the rank-ing member of the Disability Assist-ance and Memorial Affairs Sub-committee back in 2013, much of the focus was on the disability claims backlog. It had ballooned, and it was causing some veterans to wait almost 2 years just for their initial claim deci-sion. After that backlog was reduced, after considerable work by Congress and the administration, the problem shifted to the appeals process, where 450,000 vet-erans are currently waiting in an over-burdened and overcomplicated system. The average claim takes more than 3 years to adjudicate, and claims that progress to the Board of Veterans Ap-peals can languish for more than 2,000 days. Both of these figures are also ris-ing. So, if we miss this historic oppor-tunity to reform the outdated and overcomplicated appeals system, the wait for our Nation’s heroes will con-tinue to lengthen. By 2027, we will be telling our veteran constituents that they will likely have to wait a decade for their appeal to be resolved. That is just unacceptable. It is important to keep in mind that the appeals process was first developed back in 1933, and it was last updated in the late 1980s; so, surely, true reform is long overdue. Accordingly, this has be-come a top priority for the VA and for veterans service organizations, and it should be a priority for Congress as well. Over the past months, the VA has been working closely with experts from the VSOs and other veterans advocacy groups to reform this broken system and replace it with a streamlined proc-ess designed to provide quicker out-comes for veterans while also pre-serving their due process rights. Before you in this bill is the result of that effort. The new plan creates three lanes from which veterans can choose to appeal their claim. The first is a high-level de novo review for veterans who want to have a fresh set of well- trained eyes review their claim. The second is a lane for veterans who wish to add additional information or evi-dence to their claim. The third is for veterans who choose to have a full re-view done by the board, either with new evidence or as an expedited review without new supporting documents. Veterans will be able to choose their own lane, depending on the specifics of their particular case. As part of this new system, the VA will provide more details to veterans when their initial claim decisions are delivered. This en-hanced claims decision will better help veterans decide if they want to appeal and which lane will best suit their needs. I appreciate that so many veterans organizations, including Disabled American Veterans, The American Le-gion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, AMVETS, Paralyzed Veterans of Amer-ica, and others have all endorsed this appeals reform legislation. It is unfortunate that my bill has been attached to controversial legisla-tion regarding accountability at the VA. While we all agree that account-ability for employees at the VA is crit-ical for ensuring that our veterans re-ceive the services and the care that they have earned and deserved, we should separate the two issues, pass ap-peals reform, and then work in a bipar-tisan manner on the accountability proceedings. Last summer, this House passed an accountability bill; so, rather than passing another one that is very simi-lar and which we know the administra-tion opposes and feels is unconstitu-tional, let’s get the appeals reform process done instead of playing politics that could hurt our Nation’s heroes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I would remind my good friend that the very same group that she says supported her appeals reform is the very same one that supports my ac-countability legislation. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) from the State of Florida’s Dis-trict 12. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Mod-ernization Act, and I thank the chair-man for filing the bill. H.R. 5620 provides additional re-sources and flexibility to the Secretary to remove employees for poor perform-ance or misconduct. What is wrong with that? It further improves the protections of whistleblowers that continue to receive retaliation from simply wanting to do the right thing. I thank the chairman for putting that language in there. Additionally, this bill improves the veterans appeals process with reforms sought to decrease excessive wait times for those waiting on a disability rating. I thank Representative T
ITUS for that language, as well. In my district, I still hear veterans waiting too long for a decision to be made, which could take additional years on average in the appeals proc-ess—much too long. Mr. Chairman, this process is broken and needs to be modernized right now. So again, with that, I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I wish to comment on the assertion that it is the Attorney General’s and the President’s responsi-bility to enforce the law, as it does say that and as it is reflected in the Con-stitution. However, the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States also has the duty to make sure that the taxpayers’ money is well used. I often hear on the other side of the aisle a concern about unnecessary litigation or litigation that goes beyond the bounds of what is reasonable. The Attorney General also has the obligation to take a look at the laws and to examine whether or not they would withstand constitutional mus-ter. The American people do not de-mand of their Attorney General to liti-gate laws that are clearly unconstitu-tional. That would be a waste of money. In the case of an accountability law and an accountability bill that clearly have flawed tools, tools which would be deemed unconstitutional, it would re-sult in the following: it would result in managers taking actions against em-ployees, money being spent on lawyers to dismiss these employees or other-wise discipline them, but employees being able to get their day in court and find that the provisions under which they are being disciplined are unconsti-tutional being reinstated after a lot of expense. This is precisely why I would like to see this legislation go back to com-mittee and for us to consult attorneys on both sides and not pass laws that are clearly going to not pass constitu-tional muster. Yes, 81 amendments were filed be-cause there are many problems with this legislation. Only 22 were ruled in order. I think we should go back to the drawing board and take the Senate leg-islation, which has bipartisan support, as a starting point. As for the whistleblower protections, I have already stated my comments that these whistleblower protections in H.R. 5620 are also flawed. I believe that they would be ruled and deemed uncon-stitutional and, therefore, are also flawed. Mr. Chairman, passing this legisla-tion does not pass constitutional mus-ter. It won’t solve our problem. We need a real fix to improving VA ac-countability, and H.R. 5620 is not the solution. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I would remind my good friend that the Attorney General did com-ment on one particular live case. As a matter of fact, Sharon Helman, the person at the very center of the wait time debacle in Phoenix, believe it or not, is suing to get her job back, and the Attorney General has taken excep-tion with one minor part of the law that was passed in 2014, the Veterans Choice Act. We have actually fixed her questions as relate to the Appoint-ments Clause in the piece of legisla-tion, so that problem should have been resolved at this point. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the State of Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE). Dr. R OEis from the First Congressional District of Ten-nessee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.078 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5395 September 13, 2016 
Modernization Act sponsored by my friend and colleague and VA Com-mittee chair, J
EFFMILLER . This legislation would bring much- needed relief for veterans who are cur-rently waiting months, and sometimes even years, for the disability benefit appeal to be adjudicated. It also grants the Secretary the expanded authority he needs to remove VA employees for poor performance or misconduct. Mr. Chairman, at the beginning of 2015, there were roughly 375,000 pending appeals within the VA system. A mere 18 months later, in June of 2016, that number had exploded to 457,000, a 1.2 percent increase per month. With that in mind, it is clear that the VA appeals process is fundamentally broken. By its own admission, the Board of Veterans’ Appeals annual report for fis-cal year 2015 stated that the number of appeals certified to the Board from the regional offices will increase from 88,183 in 2016 to 359,000 in 2017, an al-most 400 percent increase in 12 months. We must work now, not later, to ad-dress this backlog before things get even more out of hand. By implementing the reforms in-cluded in this legislation, the VA will be operating under streamlined proc-esses needed to draw down this back-log. This bill also gives veterans some amount of control over how they wish their appeal to be reviewed. Under H.R. 5620, a veteran will be given the option of having their appeal heard by the re-gional office or having it bumped di-rectly to the Board of Veterans’ Ap-peals for adjudication. By allowing veterans to waive or re-quest a hearing and to limit or intro-duce new evidence in support of their claim, the veteran will have more con-trol over who reviews their appeal, when it is reviewed, and what evidence is reviewed. Without this legislation, veterans will continue to be treated by VA as a mere case number, not as a veteran of the United States Armed Forces. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield the gentleman an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Also included in this legislation is an important management tool for the Secretary to better maintain order within its work-force by expanding the authority of the Secretary to discipline or fire senior executive employees granted under the Veterans Choice Act to all VA employ-ees. In an effort to protect employees who speak out from suffering retalia-tion, this bill provides comprehensive whistleblower protections. These provisions are not meant to discourage or reduce morale for good, honest VA employees. In fact, it should accomplish just the opposite. The oppo-nents of this provision are looking to protect the nurse who showed up drunk for surgery, the employees who pur-chased illegal drugs for veterans, or the managers who cooked the books on scheduling appointments and resulted in veterans dying. As someone who spent time working in a VA facility, I feel very strongly that the expedited removal of these types of employees improves the corrosive nature within the VA and makes the VA a safer, more respectful place to work. Veterans deserve the best care, and I would challenge anyone to explain to me how these bad employees con-tribute to delivering quality of care. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am concerned that the bill before us today will actually undermine whistleblower protections rather than strengthen them. The Of-fice of Special Counsel echoes my con-cerns. Their statement regarding the bill reads: ‘‘Section 8 of this act may undermine whistleblower protections and accountability by creating a new and unnecessary process for reporting concerns. Section 8 also creates an un-reasonable expectation that super-visors will be able to evaluate an em-ployee concern within 4 business days. This process is overly burdensome for employees and supervisors and may be entirely unworkable in many in-stances.’’ We should go back to the drawing board. Let’s go through regular order back in committee and not do this under the suspended rules and try to fix things on the floor of the House. I continue the quote of the Special Counsel: ‘‘This approach is not the best method for improving accountability or evaluating supervisory efforts to support and protect whistleblowers. OSC believes that reinforcing existing channels for reporting concerns would better protect the interests of VA whis-tleblowers.’’ Whistleblowers are essential for prop-er oversight. Accountability measures that undermine whistleblowers or deter them from coming forward will make it harder. Again, the whistleblower protections in this bill may actually undermine our ability to protect them. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1800 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I quote from a letter to Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK from the Office of Special Counsel: ‘‘We appreciate the bipartisan sup-port for stronger whistleblower protec-tions for VA employees, as reflected in H.R. 5620.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ), from the First District. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman, and appreciate his strong, effective leadership in the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. At a committee hearing last year, the VA publicly admitted to me it was too difficult to fire bad employees. The situation is so dire that dozens of bla-tantly negligent employees and con-victed criminals continue to work at the VA with zero consequences for their behavior. I was a quick cosponsor of this bill when introduced by the chairman be-cause it provides necessary solutions to a problem that has persisted far too long. This bill will expand the VA Sec-retary’s removal authority to include all VA employees and speed up the process. It will put in place additional whistleblower protections and give the Secretary the authority and responsi-bility to rescind bonuses and expense payments for corrupt employees. And it reforms the current broken claims process by providing veterans more choices when it comes to appealing VA claims. It might not be talked about much around here, but inside Washington ev-eryone knows there is almost no ac-countability in the Federal civil serv-ice. In fact, a recent nonpartisan GAO study found, on average, it takes 6 months to a year, and often longer, to remove a bad bureaucrat. In the VA, we have seen example after example of Federal employees more concerned with defending a cou-ple of bad apples than caring for our veterans. It is not unreasonable to de-mand VA employees be held account-able for their performance, just like our veterans were during their military service and how millions of hard-working Americans must do in their jobs every single day. It is my hope this bill will begin a long-overdue cultural shift within the VA. Until that happens, we will con-tinue to see headlines about employees dealing heroin to patients, operating on patients while drunk, keeping their job despite an armed robbery charge, and giving years of paid leave to bad doctors. We can all agree: our veterans deserve better, and the VA should be held accountable for this obligation. I urge my colleagues in the House to support passage of this very important bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include in the RECORD a letter from the Office of Special Counsel to Rep-resentative K
IRKPATRICK praising her for her amendment. I understand the majority also supports the Kirkpatrick amendment, so it is bipartisan support. 
U.S. O FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL , Washington, DC, September 13, 2016. Re Pending Legislation to Protect VA Whis-tleblowers. Hon. A
NNKIRKPATRICK , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE KIRKPATRICK : The Office of Special Counsel (OSC) has received thousands of whistleblower retaliation com-plaints and disclosures from Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) employees. Based on this experience, we write to express our strong support for your amendment to H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Ap-peals Modernization Act. Based on our re-view of the amendment, we believe it will ad-vance the interests of VA whistleblowers. Importantly, the amendment establishes the Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection (OAWP). OSC’s ongoing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.079 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5396 September 13, 2016 
work with VA whistleblowers will benefit from having a high-level point of contact with the statutory authority to identify, cor-rect, and prevent threats to patient care and to discipline those responsible for creating them. The establishment of similar offices at other agencies, including the Federal Avia-tion Administration, has significantly im-proved the whistleblower experience at those agencies. And OAWP, with a Senate-con-firmed leader, will have the authority and a mandate to make a significant difference. For these and other reasons, we believe your amendment will best advance the inter-ests of VA whistleblowers and the Veterans served by the Department. If you are in need of additional information, please contact Adam Miles, Deputy Special Counsel for Pol-icy and Congressional Affairs, at 202–254–3607. We appreciate the bipartisan support for stronger whistleblower protections for VA employees, as reflected in H.R. 5620, and be-lieve this amendment will greatly enhance this effort. Sincerely, C
AROLYN N. L ERNER . 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) to ask him a question. Was the quotation the gentleman read from this letter of the special counsel to Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ? Mr. MILLER of Florida. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. TAKANO. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I don’t know what the letter is you are holding in your hand. I have one dated September 13. Mr. TAKANO. Yes, September 13. And it is regarding pending legislation to protect VA whistleblowers? Mr. MILLER of Florida. That is cor-rect. Mr. TAKANO. The quotation was from that letter. I want to clarify that letter from the Office of Special Counsel was in sup-port of Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ’s amendment, not in support of the entire bill H.R. 5620, and I am pleased that the major-ity joins us in support of that amend-ment. My colleague, Chairman M
ILLER , mentioned that we have already cov-ered our concerns in the Choice Act, and President Obama lauded the Choice Act when signing it into law. I will re-mind the chairman that the court—not Congress and not the President or the VA—determine whether a law meets constitutional muster. I am concerned that the strict and arbitrary time limits in section 3 of H.R. 5620 violate constitutional due process and notions of basic fairness. The lack of any clear standard of misbehavior by a VA employee that would trigger the Secretary’s new fir-ing authority also concerns me. Courts have allowed less notice if the behavior of a civil servant threatens the safety of others, but due process may not be limited simply to make it more con-venient for Federal managers to get rid of employees they don’t like. That is why my amendment would pass constitutional muster and achieve the chairman’s stated policy outcome more effectively than section 3 of H.R. 5620. It would give the Secretary a brand new authority to immediately remove, without pay, any VA employee whose behavior threatens veterans. My amendment would address many of the egregious examples of terrible VA employees whose behavior has lit-erally threatened veterans’ lives, like the employee who took a veteran to a crack house. Under my alternative, that VA employee would be imme-diately suspended without pay and fired after a fair investigation. The problem with passing a bill that limits due process is that if it were to become law, a VA employee fired under this new authority would inevitably sue. By the time the case wound its way through the court system and po-tentially found to be an unconstitu-tional violation of due process, the VA would have to reinstate with back pay any employee fired under the author-ity. Instead, I would urge us to replace section 3 with my amendment lan-guage, or the Senate’s language in the Veterans First Act, which contains more fairness and due process while still bringing accountability to the VA. In our criminal justice system, we are innocent until proven guilty. The same concept applies to due process for VA employees. They should get to tell their side of the story before losing their jobs for what could be a miscommunication, or worse, discrimi-nation or retaliation on the part of their supervisor. H.R. 5620 is bad policy that sets the VA apart from all other Federal agen-cies and will make it harder for the VA to recruit exceptional medical pro-viders and managers. H.R. 5620 would return us to the po-litical spoils system that was so prob-lematic before the advent of civil serv-ice protections. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I agree wholeheartedly with Mr. TAKANO that it is the courts of the United States of America that would rule something unconstitutional and not the Attorney General of this coun-try. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from the Third District of Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ). Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I have long fought for the highest qual-ity health care for our veterans and ac-countability, and I applaud Chairman M
ILLER for bringing H.R. 5620 to the floor for a vote. It is long overdue. This will not only provide greater op-tions for veterans going through the VA’s broken appeals process, but it also makes vital reforms to the Depart-ment’s employee performance policies. This is commonsense legislation. It will improve outcomes for veterans in my home State of Louisiana, where the VA has a long history of very poor per-formance. The bill’s provisions will make it easier for the VA Secretary to fire, de-mote, and recoup bonuses from employ-ees who don’t do their job. Veterans in Louisiana have dealt with the VA’s ineffective bureauc-racy—and, in some cases, downright wrongdoing—for far too long. We des-perately need more stringent account-ability measures in place for the agen-cy charged with caring for America’s veterans. This has gone on far too long. Chair-man MILLER and I have fought with others for a very long time to do the very best for our veterans. Enough is enough. Enough is enough. It is time for a change. It is time for true ac-countability. I am proud to stand with Chairman M
ILLER and others to support this leg-islation, and I urge all my colleagues to support it. It is urgently needed. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think it is important that we con-sider the impact our actions will have on the hardworking frontline VA em-ployees, many of whom are veterans themselves and even whom my friend from Florida, Chairman M
ILLER , says the vast majority of whom are very good employees. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the American Federation of Govern-ment Employees. 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF  G
OVERNMENT EMPLOYEES , AFL–CIO, Washington, DC, September 9, 2016. Re AFGE Opposition to H.R. 5620. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : I am writing on be-half of nearly 700,000 federal employees rep-resented by the American Federation of Gov-ernment Employees, AFL–CIO (AFGE), in-cluding 230,000 employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to urge you to op-pose H.R. 5620, a bill introduced by Rep-resentative Jeff Miller (R–FL) to provide for removal or demotion of VA employees, and for other purposes. The drastic reductions in due process rights for every frontline VA em-ployee proposed by this bill represents an-other familiar attempt to weaken the VA by weakening its dedicated workforce. Changes proposed by H.R. 5620, including reduced time to respond to notices of pro-posed removals, reduced time to appeal to the Merit System Protection Board (MSPB), the loss of MSPB rights if that agency is backlogged, and unfair processes for recoup-ing bonuses and work expenses, will decrease accountability by subjecting vocal employ-ees who speak up against mismanagement and patient harm to more retaliation and harassment. The bill also would directly un-dermine the Department’s progress in filling vacancies and recruiting and retaining a strong VA workforce. Shorter Notice of Proposed Removal: Under current law, VA employees, like most government employees, are entitled to at least thirty days’ advance written notice be-fore they are terminated or demoted (See 5 U.S.C. 7513(b)(1)). H.R. 5620 would reduce that notice period by two-thirds to only ten days. A ten-day period is completely inadequate for allowing an employee to respond to a no-tice of proposed removal or demotion, re-ceive his or her evidence file, present an ef-fective answer with supporting evidence and secure representation. Loss of Additional Rights for Petformance- Based Removals: VA employees facing re-moval on poor performance would lose addi-tional due process rights under this bill, making it nearly impossible to prepare an ef-fective response. Currently, management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.026 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5397 September 13, 2016 
must inform employees of specific instances of unacceptable performance and the critical elements for the position involved. (See 5 CFR 1201.22(b)(1).) The bill eliminates both these rights to essential information to pre-pare one’s answer. Reduced Time to File MSPB Appeal: Cur-rently, employees seeking MSPB review of the agency’s decision have 30 calendar days from effective date of the action or within 30 days of receipt of agency decision, whichever is later to file an MSPB appeal. H.R. 5620 would reduce that filing deadline by more than 75 percent to only 7 days after the date of the removal or demotion. This extremely tight filing deadline is likely to have a dis-proportionate effect on lower wage employ-ees who cannot afford representation. Loss of All MSPB Appeal Rights if MSPB Fails to Meet Shorter Timeframe: MSPB suf-fers from a chronic shortage of staff and other resources. Like H.R. 1994, Representa-tive Miller’s 2015 ‘‘firing bill’’ to eliminate the due process rights of every front-line VA employee, this bill would take away all MSPB appeal rights if a decision is not issued within 60 days, and instead, the VA’s final decision would stand. AFGE is very concerned that this may violate constitu-tional due process. In addition, this is an ex-tremely unrealistic time frame and employ-ees will be the ones to suffer as a result. Re-cent MSPB data indicates an average proc-essing time for initial Administrative Judge appeals of 93 days and average of 281 days for Board review. ‘‘Safe Harbor’’ for Whistleblower Claims Will Overburden the Office of Special Coun-sel and Harm Whistleblowers: Like H.R. 1994, this bill requires the Office of Special Coun-sel (OSC) to review all agency decisions of employees who file OSC whistleblower com-plaints. OSC is already facing a significant increase in claims and does not currently re-view agency decisions to remove or demote employees. This added responsibility will in-crease the OSC’s backlog and encourage the filing of less meritorious whistleblower com-plaints. Complainants with more meritorious matters will be adversely affected by addi-tional delays. Reductions in Senior Executive Retire-ment Annuities: AFGE also urges you oppose this provision that would remove covered service in calculating the annuities of VA senior executives who have been convicted of certain crimes. Pension recoupment is un-necessary and punitive, and would set an ex-tremely dangerous precedent throughout the federal government for requiring forfeiture of earned compensation. Unfair Bonus Recoupment Process: H.R. 5620 provides the VA Secretary with unfet-tered discretion to set the criteria for recoupment of bonuses already paid to em-ployees. In addition, the bill is ambiguous about the appeals process that employees could utilize to challenge an unfair bonus recoupment decision. Unfair Process for Recoupment of Pay-ments for Relocation and Other Work Ex-penses: H.R. 5620 would give management overly broad authority to recoup allegedly improper reimbursements of work-related expenses. This overly broad and possibly un-constitutional provision could lead to more mismanagement and targeting of employees. VA already has ample authority to recoup improper payments, and payments made through misfeasance and malfeasance. In ad-dition, the Department already addressed abuse of relocation bonuses by eliminating its Appraised Value Offer program. The lack of appeal rights in the bill is likely to give rise to an unconstitutional taking. This pro-vision would further erode the morale of the VA workforce and discourage employees from relocating to hard-to-recruit locations to fill vacancies. Thank you for considering the views of AFGE. If you need more information, please contact Marilyn Park of my staff. Sincerely yours, J. D
AVID COX, Sr., National President. 
Mr. TAKANO. The letter reads: ‘‘The drastic reductions in due process rights for every frontline VA employee pro-posed by this bill represents another familiar attempt to weaken the VA by weakening its dedicated workforce. ‘‘Changes proposed by H.R. 5620, in-cluding reduced time to respond to no-tices of proposed removals, reduced time to appeal to the Merit System Protection Board (MSPB), the loss of MSPB rights if that agency is back-logged, and unfair processes for recoup-ing bonuses and work expenses, will de-crease accountability by subjecting vocal employees who speak up against mismanagement and patient harm to more retaliation and harassment. The bill also would directly undermine the Department’s progress in filling vacan-cies and recruiting and retaining a strong VA workforce.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include in the R
ECORD the letters from five veterans service organiza-tions in support of this legislation, H.R. 5620. 
THEAMERICAN LEGION , July 12, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. C
HAIRMAN MILLER : On behalf of the more than 2 million members of The American Le-gion, I express qualified support for H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Ap-peals Modernization Act of 2016. The bill would bring additional accountability meas-ures to the Department of Veterans Affairs while strengthening protections for whistle-blowers. Additionally, the bill would reform the department’s disability benefits appeals process—a top priority for VA leaders and many veterans service organizations. Veterans deserve a first rate agency to pro-vide for their needs, and the VA is an excel-lent agency that is unfortunately marred from time to time by bad actors that the complicated system of discipline makes dif-ficult to remove. Legislation to improve that process and make it easier to deal with these few, problem employees would help restore trust in what is otherwise an excellent sys-tem. However, we cannot support the prohi-bition on VA senior executives from receiv-ing awards or bonuses over the next five years. This overly punitive form of collective punishment is unfair and counterproductive to efforts to rebuild a leadership cadre after the extensive turnover experienced since the 2014 wait time scandal. We wholeheartedly support the appeals modernization provisions in this legislation. They represent a combined team effort be-tween VA, Congress, and the Veteran Service Organizations to produce highly needed re-forms to the complex disability claims ap-peals system and The American Legion is proud of the work accomplished here. The American Legion thanks you for the leadership you have shown to bring improve-ment and more accountability to VA. We are committed to working with you and your House and Senate colleagues to shepherd a veterans benefits legislative package before this session ends that we can all be proud of. Sincerely, DALEBARNETT , National Commander. 
DAV, July 14, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MILLER : On behalf of DAV and our 1.3 million members, all of whom were injured or made ill during wartime service, I write to offer our support for H.R. 5620, the ‘‘VA Accountability First and Ap-peals Modernization Act of 2016.’’ This legis-lation could significantly improve the abil-ity of veterans to receive more timely and accurate decisions on their claims and ap-peals for earned benefits. As you know, the number of appeals await-ing decisions has risen dramatically—to al-most 450,000—and the average time for an ap-peal decision is between three and five years, a delay that is simply unacceptable. To ad-dress this challenge, VA convened a workgroup in March consisting of DAV, other stakeholders and VA officials in order to seek common ground on a new framework for appeals. After months of intensive ef-forts, the workgroup reached consensus on a new framework for the appeals process that could offer veterans quicker decisions, while protecting their rights and prerogatives. H.R. 5620, which contains the new appeals framework, would make fundamental changes to the appeals process by creating multiple options to appeal or reconsider claims’ decisions, either formally to the Board or informally within the Veterans Benefits Administration. The central feature of the legislation would provide veterans three options, or ‘‘lanes,’’ to appeal unfavor-able claims decisions; and if they were not satisfied with their decisions, they could continue to pursue one of the other two op-tions. As long as a veteran continuously pur-sues a new appeals option within one year of the last decision, they would be able to pre-serve their earliest effective date. This legis-lation also allows veterans to present new evidence and have a hearing before the Board or VBA if they so desire. If faithfully implemented as designed by the workgroup, and if fully funded by Con-gress and VA in the years ahead, H.R. 5620 would make a marked improvement in the ability of veterans to get timely and accu-rate decisions on appeals of their claims. We urge the House to swiftly approve this legis-lation and then work with the Senate to reach agreement on final legislation that can be sent to the President to sign this year. Respectfully, G
ARRY J. A UGUSTINE , Executive Director, Washington Headquarters. 
VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS, September 6, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MILLER : On behalf of the men and women of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States (VFW) and our Auxiliaries, we are pleased to offer our sup-port for H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016. Your legislation would allow the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to expeditiously remove or demote any VA employee based on poor performance or mis-conduct. For far too long, under performing employees have been allowed to continue working at VA, simply because the processes for removal are so protracted. The VFW be-lieves that employees should have some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.027 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5398 September 13, 2016 
layer of protection, but that true account-ability must be enforced for those who will-fully fail to meet the standard. This is crit-ical to ensuring that VA consistently pro-vides the highest quality services, as well as continuing to restore veterans’ faith in the Department. Additionally, your legislation works to ad-dress concerns related to the appeal of a vet-eran’s disability compensation claim. Today, there are more than 450,000 appeals awaiting the years-long process to a final decision by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals. While the VFW insists that the right of the veteran to appeal must be continued and protected, common sense changes like those included in this legislation will help to eliminate back-logs, reduce the amount of time that vet-erans wait for their earned benefits, and still ensure that veterans receive the assistance needed when completing such appeals. The VFW commends your leadership on this issue and your commitment to meaning-ful VA reforms. We look forward to working with you to ensure the passage of this impor-tant legislation. Sincerely, R
AYMOND C. K ELLEY , Director, VFW National Legislative Service. 
PARALYZED VETERANS OF AMERICA , July 11, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MILLER : On behalf of Para-lyzed Veterans of America (PVA), I would like to offer our support for H.R. 5620, the ‘‘VA Accountability First and Appeals Mod-ernization Act.’’ This important legislation focuses on two important issues that must be addressed within the Department of Vet-erans Affairs (VA)—accountability at all lev-els and reform of the veterans’ claims ap-peals process. As you are aware, PVA has supported ef-forts to ensure proper accountability at all levels of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). Unfortunately, in recent years there have been numerous accounts of bad actors in VA senior management (and frankly lower level management) who have failed to fulfill the responsibility of their positions and in some cases arguably violated the law. The focus on accountability in this proposal strikes a reasonable balance to ensure VA leadership has the ability to manage per-sonnel while affording due process protec-tions to VA employees. Additionally, while work remains to en-sure appropriate implementation, this legis-lation advances critically needed appeals re-form. PVA, and our partners in the veterans’ service organization community, has been directly engaged with VA to affect meaning-ful appeals reform. This legislation reflects much of that work. However, we must em-phasize that VA needs a definitive plan to address implementation, specifically a plan to deal with the current inventory of ap-peals. Mr. Chairman, we applaud your commit-ment to strong accountability and meaning-ful appeals reform at the VA. We hope that the Committee will consider and approve this important legislation expeditiously. Respectfully, S
HERMAN GILLUMS , Jr., Executive Director, Paralyzed Veterans of America 
MILITARY OFFICERS  A
SSOCIATION OF AMERICA , August 16, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MILLER : On behalf of MOAA’s more than 390,000 members, I am writing to express our appreciation for your continuing efforts to improve accountability across the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and modernize the disability claims system through sponsorship of H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Mod-ernization Act of 2016. This bill builds upon your earlier legisla-tion, H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act of 2015, by further strengthening protections for whistleblowers, providing for removal or demotion of employees based on performance or misconduct, and reforming the disability benefits appeals process. MOAA appreciates your commitment to providing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the additional authority to remove employ-ees for sub-standard performance and mis-conduct. However, we do have some concerns about setting a long-term prohibition on Senior Executive Service employee bonuses for the period 2017 to 2021, mentioned in Sec-tion 10. MOAA anticipates VA employees, who are striving to solve these very difficult problems, should have the ability to be re-warded for making progress. MOAA would prefer to see conditions placed on receipt of bonuses rather than implement a blanket prohibition. MOAA believes the result of change should be outcome-driven. That is, accountability mechanisms should be placed on achieving a desired outcome versus prescribing each step taken to reach that outcome. We support the restructuring of the VA claims adjudication process and the goal of providing veterans with more expeditious claim resolution. That said, we are concerned the proposed bill appears to eliminate the VA’s duty to assist veterans with their claims during the appeal process. MOAA believes continuing the VA’s duty to assist veterans during the appeal will be important to fair resolution of the claim. In closing, MOAA urges the House and Sen-ate Committees on Veterans’ Affairs to work together to reach agreement on how best to move forward on H.R. 5620 and S. 2921, the Veterans First Act, incorporating the nec-essary elements of accountability and ap-peals in order to achieve meaningful and sub-stantive reform before Congress adjourns this year. We deeply appreciate your support of our nation’s servicemembers, veterans and their families. MOAA looks forward to continuing cooperation with you in helping to resolve these important issues. Sincerely, LT. GEN. DANAT. A TKINS , USAF (R ET), President and CEO. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, for all of the foregoing arguments that were made today, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 5620. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge all Members to support H.R. 5620, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. The bill shall be consid-ered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5620 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. References to title 38, United States Code. Sec. 3. Removal or demotion of employees based on performance or mis-conduct. Sec. 4. Reduction of benefits for members of the Senior Executive Service within the Department of Vet-erans Affairs convicted of cer-tain crimes. Sec. 5. Authority to recoup bonuses or awards paid to employees of De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 6. Authority to recoup relocation ex-penses paid to or on behalf of employees of Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 7. Senior executives: personnel actions based on performance or mis-conduct. Sec. 8. Treatment of whistleblower com-plaints in Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Sec. 9. Appeals reform. Sec. 10. Limitation on awards and bonuses paid to senior executive em-ployees of Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO TITLE 38, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. REMOVAL OR DEMOTION OF EMPLOYEES BASED ON PERFORMANCE OR MIS-CONDUCT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Employees: removal or demotion based on performance or misconduct ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may re-move or demote an individual who is an em-ployee of the Department if the Secretary determines the performance or misconduct of the individual warrants such removal or demotion. If the Secretary so removes or de-motes such an individual, the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) remove the individual from the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5); or ‘‘(2) demote the individual by means of— ‘‘(A) a reduction in grade for which the in-dividual is qualified and that the Secretary determines is appropriate; or ‘‘(B) a reduction in annual rate of pay that the Secretary determines is appropriate. ‘‘(b) P
AY OF CERTAIN DEMOTED INDIVID -
UALS .—(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any individual subject to a de-motion under subsection (a)(2)(A) shall, be-ginning on the date of such demotion, re-ceive the annual rate of pay applicable to such grade. ‘‘(2) An individual so demoted may not be placed on administrative leave or any other category of paid leave during the period dur-ing which an appeal (if any) under this sec-tion is ongoing, and may only receive pay if the individual reports for duty. If an indi-vidual so demoted does not report for duty, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.036 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5399 September 13, 2016 
such individual shall not receive pay or other benefits pursuant to subsection (e)(5). ‘‘(c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after removing or demoting an indi-vidual under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives notice in writing of such re-moval or demotion and the reason for such removal or demotion. ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURE .—(1) Subsection (b) of sec-tion 7513 of title 5 shall apply with respect to a removal or a demotion under this section, except that the period for notice and re-sponse, which includes the advance notice period required by paragraph (1) of such sub-section and the response period required by paragraph (2) of such subsection, shall not exceed a total of ten calendar days. ‘‘(2) The procedures under chapter 43 of title 5 shall not apply to a removal or demo-tion under this section. ‘‘(3)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B) and subsection (e), any removal or demotion under subsection (a) may be appealed to the Merit Systems Protection Board under sec-tion 7701 of title 5. ‘‘(B) An appeal under subparagraph (A) of a removal or demotion may only be made if such appeal is made not later than seven days after the date of such removal or demo-tion. ‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED REVIEW BY MSPB.—(1) Upon receipt of an appeal under subsection (d)(3)(A), the Merit Systems Protection Board shall expedite any such appeal under such section and, in any such case, shall issue a decision not later than 60 days after the date of the appeal. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding section 7701(c)(1)(B) of title 5, the Merit Systems Protection Board shall uphold the decision of the Sec-retary to remove or demote an employee under subsection (a) if the decision is sup-ported by substantial evidence. ‘‘(3) The decision of the Merit Systems Protection Board under paragraph (1), and any final removal or demotion described in paragraph (4), may be appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit pursuant to section 7703 of title 5. Any decision by such Court shall be in compli-ance with section 7462(f)(2) of this title. ‘‘(4) In any case in which the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board cannot issue a deci-sion in accordance with the 60-day require-ment under paragraph (1), the removal or de-motion is final. In such a case, the Merit Systems Protection Board shall, within 14 days after the date that such removal or de-motion is final, submit to Congress and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and House of Representatives a report that explains the reasons why a decision was not issued in accordance with such require-ment. ‘‘(5) The Merit Systems Protection Board may not stay any removal or demotion under this section. ‘‘(6) During the period beginning on the date on which an individual appeals a re-moval from the civil service under sub-section (d) and ending on the date that the Merit Systems Protection Board issues a final decision on such appeal, such individual may not receive any pay, awards, bonuses, incentives, allowances, differentials, student loan repayments, special payments, or bene-fits. ‘‘(7) To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall provide to the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board such information and assistance as may be necessary to ensure an appeal under this subsection is expedited. ‘‘(f) W
HISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION .—(1) In the case of an individual seeking corrective action (or on behalf of whom corrective ac-tion is sought) from the Office of Special Counsel based on an alleged prohibited per-sonnel practice described in section 2302(b) of title 5, the Secretary may not remove or de-mote such individual under subsection (a) without the approval of the Special Counsel under section 1214(f) of title 5. ‘‘(2) In the case of an individual who has filed a whistleblower complaint, as such term is defined in section 741 of this title, the Secretary may not remove or demote such individual under subsection (a) until a final decision with respect to the whistle-blower complaint has been made. ‘‘(g) TERMINATION OF INVESTIGATIONS BY  O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Spe-cial Counsel (established by section 1211 of title 5) may terminate an investigation of a prohibited personnel practice alleged by an employee or former employee of the Depart-ment after the Special Counsel provides to the employee or former employee a written statement of the reasons for the termination of the investigation. Such statement may not be admissible as evidence in any judicial or administrative proceeding without the consent of such employee or former em-ployee. ‘‘(h) R
ELATION TO OTHER AUTHORITIES .— The authority provided by this section is in addition to the authority provided by sub-chapter V of chapter 74 of this title, sub-chapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, chapter 43 of such title, and any other authority with respect to disciplining an individual. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘individual’ means an indi-vidual occupying a position at the Depart-ment but does not include— ‘‘(A) an individual, as that term is defined in section 713(g)(1); or ‘‘(B) a political appointee. ‘‘(2) The term ‘grade’ has the meaning given such term in section 7511(a) of title 5. ‘‘(3) The term ‘misconduct’ includes ne-glect of duty, malfeasance, or failure to ac-cept a directed reassignment or to accom-pany a position in a transfer of function. ‘‘(4) The term ‘political appointee’ means an individual who is— ‘‘(A) employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5 (re-lating to the Executive Schedule); ‘‘(B) a limited term appointee, limited emergency appointee, or noncareer ap-pointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), re-spectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5; or ‘‘(C) employed in a position of a confiden-tial or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
LERICAL .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘715. Employees: removal or demotion based on performance or mis-conduct.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING .—Section 4303(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-graph (2); (B) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) any removal or demotion under sec-tion 715 of title 38.’’. 
SEC. 4. REDUCTION OF BENEFITS FOR MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERV-ICE WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CONVICTED OF CERTAIN CRIMES. 
(a) R EDUCTION OF BENEFITS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 7 is further amended by inserting after section 715, as added by section 3, the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 717. Senior executives: reduction of bene-fits of individuals convicted of certain crimes ‘‘(a) REDUCTION OF ANNUITY FOR REMOVED  E
MPLOYEE .—(1) The Secretary shall order that the covered service of an individual re-moved from a senior executive position for performance or misconduct under section 713 of this title, chapter 43 or subchapter V of chapter 75 of title 5, or any other provision of law shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with re-spect to such individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— ‘‘(A) the individual is convicted of a felony that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the senior executive posi-tion; and ‘‘(B) before such order is made, the indi-vidual is afforded— ‘‘(i) notice of the order and an opportunity to respond to the order; and ‘‘(ii) consistent with paragraph (2), an op-portunity to appeal the order to another de-partment or agency of the Federal Govern-ment. ‘‘(2) If a final decision on an appeal made under paragraph (1)(B)(ii) is not made by the applicable department or agency of the Fed-eral Government within 30 days after receiv-ing such appeal, the order of the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be final and not subject to further appeal. ‘‘(b) R
EDUCTION OF ANNUITY FOR RETIRED  E
MPLOYEE .—(1) The Secretary may order that the covered service of an individual who is subject to a removal or transfer action for performance or misconduct under section 713 of this title, chapter 43 or subchapter V of chapter 75 of title 5, or any other provision of law but who leaves employment at the De-partment prior to the issuance of a final de-cision with respect to such action shall not be taken into account for purposes of calcu-lating an annuity with respect to such indi-vidual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— ‘‘(A) the individual is convicted of a felony that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the senior executive posi-tion; and ‘‘(B) before such order is made, the indi-vidual is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing conducted by another depart-ment or agency of the Federal Government. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall make such an order not later than seven days after the date of the conclusion of a hearing referred to in paragraph (1)(B) that determines that such order is lawful. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS .—(1) Not later than 30 days after the Secretary issues an order under subsection (a) or (b), the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement shall recalculate the annuity of the individual. ‘‘(2) A decision regarding whether the cov-ered service of an individual shall be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity under subsection (a) or (b) is final and may not be reviewed by any department or agency or any court. ‘‘(d) L
UMP-SUMANNUITY CREDIT .—Any indi- vidual with respect to whom an annuity is reduced under subsection (a) or (b) shall be entitled to be paid so much of such individ-ual’s lump-sum credit as is attributable to the period of covered service. ‘‘(e) S
POUSE OR CHILDREN EXCEPTION .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Office of Personnel Management, shall prescribe regu-lations that may provide for the payment to the spouse or children of any individual re-ferred to in subsection (a) or (b) of any amounts which (but for this subsection) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.028 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5400 September 13, 2016 
would otherwise have been nonpayable by reason of such subsections. Any such regula-tions shall be consistent with the require-ments of section 8332(o)(5) and 8411(l)(5) of title 5, as the case may be. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered service’ means, with respect to an individual subject to a removal or transfer for performance or misconduct under section 713 of this title, chapter 43 or subchapter V of chapter 75 of title 5, or any other provision of law, the period of service beginning on the date that the Secretary de-termines under such applicable provision that the individual engaged in activity that gave rise to such action and ending on the date that the individual is removed or trans-ferred from the senior executive position or leaves employment at the Department prior to the issuance of a final decision with re-spect to such action, as the case may be. ‘‘(2) The term ‘lump-sum credit’ has the meaning given such term in section 8331(8) or section 8401(19) of title 5, as the case may be. ‘‘(3) The term ‘senior executive position’ has the meaning given such term in section 713(g)(3) of this title. ‘‘(4) The term ‘service’ has the meaning given such term in section 8331(12) or section 8401(26) of title 5, as the case may be.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 715, as added by section 3, the following new item: ‘‘717. Senior executives: reduction of benefits of individuals convicted of cer-tain crimes.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 717 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), shall apply to any action of removal or transfer under section 713 of title 38, United States Code, commencing on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORITY TO RECOUP BONUSES OR AWARDS PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 is further amended by inserting after section 717, as added by section 4, the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 719. Recoupment of bonuses or awards paid to employees of Department ‘‘(a) R
ECOUPMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may issue an order directing an employee of the Department to repay the amount, or a por-tion of the amount, of any award or bonus paid to the employee under title 5, including under chapters 45 or 53 of such title, or this title if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary determines such repay-ment appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed under subsection (c); and ‘‘(2) before such repayment, the employee is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing conducted by another department or agency of the Federal Government. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW .—(1) Upon the issuance of an order by the Secretary under subsection (a), the employee shall be afforded— ‘‘(A) notice of the order and an opportunity to respond to the order; and ‘‘(B) consistent with paragraph (2), an op-portunity to appeal the order to another de-partment or agency of the Federal Govern-ment. ‘‘(2) If a final decision on an appeal made under paragraph (1)(B) is not made by the ap-plicable department or agency of the Federal Government within 30 days after receiving such appeal, the order of the Secretary under subsection (a) shall be final and not subject to further appeal. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 4, is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 717 the following new item: ‘‘719. Recoupment of bonuses or awards paid to employees of Department.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 719 of title 38, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall apply with respect to an award or bonus paid by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to an employee of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to modify the certification issued by the Office of Personnel Management and the Office of Management and Budget re-garding the performance appraisal system of the Senior Executive Service of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO RECOUP RELOCATION EX-PENSES PAID TO OR ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 721. Recoupment of relocation expenses paid on behalf of employees of Department ‘‘(a) R
ECOUPMENT .—(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may direct an employee of the Department to repay the amount, or a portion of the amount, paid to or on behalf of the employee under title 5 for relocation expenses, includ-ing any expenses under section 5724 or 5724a of such title, or this title if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) the employee has committed an act of fraud, waste, or malfeasance; and ‘‘(ii) such repayment is appropriate pursu-ant to regulations prescribed under sub-section (c); and ‘‘(B) before such repayment is ordered, the individual is afforded— ‘‘(i) notice of the determination of the Sec-retary and an opportunity to respond to the determination; and ‘‘(ii) consistent with paragraph (2), an op-portunity to appeal the determination to an-other department or agency of the Federal Government. ‘‘(2) If a final decision on an appeal made under paragraph (1)(B)(ii) is not made by the applicable department or agency of the Fed-eral Government within 30 days after receiv-ing such appeal, the order of the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be final and not subject to further appeal. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW .—A decision regarding a re-payment by an employee pursuant to sub-section (a)(1)(B)(ii) is final and may not be reviewed by any department, agency, or court. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘721. Recoupment of relocation expenses paid to or on behalf of employees of Department.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 721 of title 38, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall apply with respect to an amount paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to or on behalf of an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs for reloca-tion expenses on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section may be construed to modify the certification issued by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment and the Office of Management and Budget regarding the performance appraisal system of the Senior Executive Service of the Department of Veterans Affairs. SEC. 7. SENIOR EXECUTIVES: PERSONNEL AC-TIONS BASED ON PERFORMANCE OR MISCONDUCT. 
(a) E XPANSION OF COVERED PERSONNEL AC-
TIONS .—Section 713 is amended in subsection (a)(1) by inserting after ‘‘such removal.’’ the following: ‘‘If the Secretary determines that the performance or misconduct of such an in-dividual does not merit removal from the senior executive service position, the Sec-retary may suspend, reprimand, or admonish the individual.’’. (b) R
EMOVAL OF APPEAL TO MERIT SYSTEMS  P
ROTECTION BOARD .—Section 713 is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘so re-moves’’ and inserting ‘‘removes’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) On the date that is 5 days before tak-ing any personnel action against a senior ex-ecutive under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide the individual with— ‘‘(A) notice in writing of the proposed per-sonnel action, including the reasons for such action; and ‘‘(B) an opportunity to respond to the pro-posed personnel action within the 5-day pe-riod.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 723’’; and (B) by striking the second sentence; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘30’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and the reason for such re-moval or transfer’’ and inserting ‘‘, the rea-son for such removal or transfer, the name and position of the employee, and all charg-ing documents and evidence pertaining to such removal or transfer’’; (4) by striking subsections (d) and (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURE .—(1) The procedures under title 5 shall not apply to any personnel ac-tion under this section. ‘‘(2) A personnel action under this sec-tion— ‘‘(A) may be appealed to the Senior Execu-tive Disciplinary Appeals Board under sec-tion 723; and ‘‘(B) may not be appealed to the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board under section 7701 of title 5.’’; (5) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (6) in subsection (f), as redesignated by paragraph (5), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) The term ‘suspend’ means the placing of an individual in a temporary status with-out duties and pay for a period greater than 14 days.’’. (c) R
EMOVAL OF EXPEDITED PROCEDURES .— Section 707 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (38 U.S.C. 713 note) is amended by— (1) striking subsection (b); and (2) redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively. (d) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVE DISCIPLINARY AP-
PEALS BOARD .—Chapter 7 is further amended by inserting after section 721, as added by section 6, the following new section: ‘‘§ 723. Senior Executive Disciplinary Appeals Board ‘‘(a) The Secretary shall from time to time appoint a board to hear appeals of any per-sonnel action taken under section 713. Such board shall be known as the Senior Execu-tive Disciplinary Appeals Board (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’). Each Board shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.028 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5401 September 13, 2016 
consist of 3 employees of the Department. The Board shall have exclusive jurisdiction to review any personnel action under section 713. ‘‘(b) Upon an appeal of such a personnel ac-tion, the Senior Executive Disciplinary Ap-peals Board shall— ‘‘(1) review all evidence provided by the Secretary and the appellant; and ‘‘(2) issue a decision not later than 21 days after the date of the appeal. ‘‘(c) The Board shall afford an employee appealing a personnel action an opportunity for an oral hearing. If such a hearing is held, the appellant may be represented by counsel. ‘‘(d) The Board shall uphold the decision of the Secretary if— ‘‘(1) there is substantial evidence sup-porting the decision; and ‘‘(2) the applicable personnel action is within the tolerable bounds of reasonable-ness. ‘‘(e) If the Board issues a decision under this section that reverses or otherwise miti-gates the applicable personnel action, the Secretary may reverse the decision of the Board. Consistent with the requirements of subsection (g), the decision of the Secretary under this subsection shall be final. ‘‘(f) In any case in which the Board cannot issue a decision in accordance with the 21- day requirement under subsection (b)(2), the personnel action is final. ‘‘(g) A petition to review a final order or final decision of the Secretary or the Board under this section shall be filed in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit. Any decision by such Court shall be in compliance with section 7462(f)(2) of this title. ‘‘(h) During the period beginning on the date on which an individual appeals a re-moval from the civil service under section 713(d) and ending on the date that the Board or Secretary issues a final decision on such appeal, such individual may not receive any pay, awards, bonuses, incentives, allowances, differentials, student loan repayments, spe-cial payments, or benefits.’’. (e) T
ECHNICAL AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The section heading of section 713 is amended to read as follows: Senior executives: personnel actions based on performance or misconduct . (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents for such chapter is further amend-ed— (A) by striking the item relating to section 713 and inserting the following: ‘‘713. Senior executives: personnel actions based on performance or mis-conduct.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘723. Senior Executive Disciplinary Appeals Board.’’. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or section 731 of title 38, United States Code, (as added by subsection (c)) shall be construed to apply to an appeal of a removal, transfer, or other personnel action that was pending before the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 8. TREATMENT OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-PLAINTS IN DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 is further amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS ‘‘§ 741. Whistleblower complaint defined ‘‘In this subchapter, the term ‘whistle-blower complaint’ means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a po-tential violation of any law, rule, or regula-tion, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safe-ty. ‘‘§ 742. Treatment of whistleblower com-plaints ‘‘(a) FILING .—(1) In addition to any other method established by law in which an em-ployee may file a whistleblower complaint, an employee of the Department may file a whistleblower complaint in accordance with subsection (g) with a supervisor of the em-ployee. ‘‘(2) Except as provided by subsection (d)(1), in making a whistleblower complaint under paragraph (1), an employee shall file the initial complaint with the immediate su-pervisor of the employee. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—(1) Not later than four business days after the date on which a su-pervisor receives a whistleblower complaint by an employee under this section, the su-pervisor shall notify, in writing, the em-ployee of whether the supervisor determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that the complaint discloses a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. The supervisor shall re-tain written documentation regarding the whistleblower complaint and shall submit to the next-level supervisor a written report on the complaint. ‘‘(2) On a monthly basis, the supervisor shall submit to the appropriate director or other official who is superior to the super-visor a written report that includes the num-ber of whistleblower complaints received by the supervisor under this section during the month covered by the report, the disposition of such complaints, and any actions taken because of such complaints pursuant to sub-section (c). In the case in which such a direc-tor or official carries out this paragraph, the director or official shall submit such month-ly report to the supervisor of the director or official. ‘‘(c) P
OSITIVE DETERMINATION .—If a super-visor makes a positive determination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint of an employee, the supervisor shall include in the notification to the em-ployee under such subsection the specific ac-tions that the supervisor will take to address the complaint. ‘‘(d) F
ILING COMPLAINT WITHNEXT-LEVEL  S
UPERVISORS .—(1) If any circumstance de-scribed in paragraph (3) is met, an employee may file a whistleblower complaint in ac-cordance with subsection (g) with the next- level supervisor who shall treat such com-plaint in accordance with this section. ‘‘(2) An employee may file a whistleblower complaint with the Secretary if the em-ployee has filed the whistleblower complaint to each level of supervisors between the em-ployee and the Secretary in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A circumstance described in this para-graph are any of the following cir-cumstances: ‘‘(A) A supervisor does not make a timely determination under subsection (b)(1) re-garding a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(B) The employee who made a whistle-blower complaint determines that the super-visor did not adequately address the com-plaint pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(C) The immediate supervisor of the em-ployee is the basis of the whistleblower com-plaint. ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF EMPLOYEE WHOFILES W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT .—If a supervisor makes a positive determination under sub-section (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower com-plaint filed by an employee, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) inform the employee of the ability to volunteer for a transfer in accordance with section 3352 of title 5; and ‘‘(2) give preference to the employee for such a transfer in accordance with such sec-tion. ‘‘(f) PROHIBITION ON EXEMPTION .—The Sec- retary may not exempt any employee of the Department from being covered by this sec-tion. ‘‘(g) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT FORM.—(1) A whistleblower complaint filed by an em-ployee under subsection (a) or (d) shall con-sist of the form described in paragraph (2) and any supporting materials or documenta-tion the employee determines necessary. ‘‘(2) The form described in this paragraph is a form developed by the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Special Counsel, that in-cludes the following: ‘‘(A) An explanation of the purpose of the whistleblower complaint form. ‘‘(B) Instructions for filing a whistleblower complaint as described in this section. ‘‘(C) An explanation that filing a whistle-blower complaint under this section does not preclude the employee from any other meth-od established by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(D) A statement directing the employee to information accessible on the Internet website of the Department as described in section 745(c). ‘‘(E) Fields for the employee to provide— ‘‘(i) the date that the form is submitted; ‘‘(ii) the name of the employee; ‘‘(iii) the contact information of the em-ployee; ‘‘(iv) a summary of the whistleblower com-plaint (including the option to append sup-porting documents pursuant to paragraph (1)); and ‘‘(v) proposed solutions to complaint. ‘‘(F) Any other information or fields that the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) The Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, shall develop the form described in paragraph (2) by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘§ 743. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohibited per-sonnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) In accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall carry out the following adverse actions against super-visory employees whom the Secretary, an administrative judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Coun-sel, an adjudicating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the In-spector General of the Department deter-mines committed a prohibited personnel ac-tion described in subsection (c): ‘‘(A) With respect to the first offense, an adverse action that is not less than a 14-day suspension and not more than removal. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second offense, re-moval. ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided by subparagraph (B), and notwithstanding subsections (b) and (c) of section 7513 and section 7543 of title 5, the provisions of subsections (d) and (e) of section 713 of this title shall apply with re-spect to an adverse action carried out under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) An employee who is notified of being the subject of a proposed adverse action under paragraph (1) may not be given more than five days following such notification to provide evidence to dispute such proposed adverse action. If the employee does not pro-vide any such evidence, or if the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.028 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5402 September 13, 2016 
determines that such evidence is not suffi-cient to reverse the determination to pro-pose the adverse action, the Secretary shall carry out the adverse action following such five-day period. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited per-sonnel action described in subsection (c), if the Secretary carries out an adverse action against a supervisory employee, the Sec-retary may carry out an additional adverse action under this section based on the same prohibited personnel action if the total se-verity of the adverse actions do not exceed the level specified in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION DE-
SCRIBED .—A prohibited personnel action de-scribed in this subsection is any of the fol-lowing actions: ‘‘(1) Taking or failing to take a personnel action in violation of section 2302 of title 5 against an employee relating to the em-ployee— ‘‘(A) filing a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 742 of this title; ‘‘(B) filing a whistleblower complaint with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Congress; ‘‘(C) providing information or partici-pating as a witness in an investigation of a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 742 or with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Con-gress; ‘‘(D) participating in an audit or investiga-tion by the Comptroller General of the United States; ‘‘(E) refusing to perform an action that is unlawful or prohibited by the Department; or ‘‘(F) engaging in communications that are related to the duties of the position or are otherwise protected. ‘‘(2) Preventing or restricting an employee from making an action described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Conducting a peer review or opening a retaliatory investigation relating to an ac-tivity of an employee that is protected by section 2302 of title 5. ‘‘(4) Requesting a contractor to carry out an action that is prohibited by section 4705(b) or section 4712(a)(1) of title 41, as the case may be. ‘‘§ 744. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses ‘‘(a) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—(1) In evalu-ating the performance of supervisors of the Department, the Secretary shall include the criteria described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) The criteria described in this sub-section are the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the supervisor treats whis-tleblower complaints in accordance with sec-tion 742. ‘‘(B) Whether the appropriate deciding offi-cial, performance review board, or perform-ance review committee determines that the supervisor was found to have committed a prohibited personnel action described in sec-tion 743(b) by an administrative judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body pro-vided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or, in the case of a settlement of a whistleblower complaint (regardless of whether any fault was assigned under such settlement), the Secretary. ‘‘(b) B
ONUSES .—(1) The Secretary may not pay to a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) an award or bonus under this title or title 5, including under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, during the one-year period begin-ning on the date on which the determination was made under such subsection. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall issue an order di-recting a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) to repay the amount of any award or bonus paid under this title or title 5, in-cluding under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, if— ‘‘(A) such award or bonus was paid for per-formance during a period in which the super-visor committed a prohibited personnel ac-tion as determined pursuant to such sub-section (a)(2)(B); ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines such repay-ment appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary to carry out this section; and ‘‘(C) before such order is made, the super-visor is afforded— ‘‘(i) notice of the order and an opportunity to respond to the order; and ‘‘(ii) an opportunity to appeal the order to another department or agency of the Federal Government, except that any such depart-ment or agency shall issue a final decision with respect to such appeal not later than the date that is 30 days after the date the de-partment or agency received such appeal. ‘‘§ 745. Training regarding whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) TRAINING .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Whistleblower Protection Ombudsman designated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall annually provide to each employee of the Department training regarding whistleblower complaints, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint; ‘‘(2) an explanation of prohibited personnel actions described by section 743(c) of this title; ‘‘(3) with respect to supervisors, how to treat whistleblower complaints in accord-ance with section 742 of this title; ‘‘(4) the right of the employee to petition Congress regarding a whistleblower com-plaint in accordance with section 7211 of title 5; ‘‘(5) an explanation that the employee may not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress in instances where such disclosure is permitted by law, including under sections 5701, 5705, and 7742 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Ac-countability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191); ‘‘(6) an explanation of the language that is required to be included in all nondisclosure policies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protec-tion Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and ‘‘(7) the right of contractors to be pro-tected from reprisal for the disclosure of cer-tain information under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. ‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall annually provide training on merit system protection in a manner that the Special Counsel certifies as being satisfactory. ‘‘(c) P
UBLICATION .—(1) The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the De-partment, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to file a whistleblower complaint, including the information described in para-graphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the Department, the whistleblower complaint form described in section 742(g)(2). ‘‘§ 746. Notice to Congress ‘‘Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives from the Spe-cial Counsel information relating to a whis-tleblower complaint pursuant to section 1213 of title 5, the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate of such information, including the determination made by the Special Counsel.’’. (b) CONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such chapter is further amended by inserting before sec-tion 701 the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended— (A) by inserting before the item relating to section 701 the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL EMPLOYEE  
MATTERS ’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —WHISTLEBLOWER  
COMPLAINTS  ‘‘741. Whistleblower complaint defined. ‘‘742. Treatment of whistleblower com-plaints. ‘‘743. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohib-ited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints. ‘‘744. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses. ‘‘745. Training regarding whistleblower com-plaints. ‘‘746. Notice to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 9. APPEALS REFORM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 101 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(34) The term ‘Agency of Original Juris-diction’ means the activity which entered the original determination with regard to a claim for benefits under this title. ‘‘(35) The term ‘relevant evidence’ means evidence that tends to prove or disprove a matter in issue.’’. (b) N
OTICE TO CLAIMANTS OF REQUIRED IN-
FORMATION AND EVIDENCE .—Section 5103 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(B)(i) by striking ‘‘, a claim for reopening a prior decision on a claim, or a claim for an increase in bene-fits;’’ and inserting ‘‘or a supplemental claim;’’; and (2) in subsection (b) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) Nothing in this section shall require notice to be sent for a supplemental claim that is filed within the timeframe set forth in subsections (a)(2)(B) and (a)(2)(D) of sec-tion 5110 of this title.’’. (c) R
ULE WITHRESPECT TO DISALLOWED  C
LAIMS .—Section 5103A(f) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) R
ULE WITHRESPECT TO DISALLOWED  C
LAIMS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require the Secretary to readju-dicate a claim that has been disallowed ex-cept when new and relevant evidence is pre-sented or secured, as described in section 5108 of this title.’’. (d) O
THER MATTERS .—Chapter 51 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5103A the following new sec-tions: ‘‘§ 5103B. Applicability of duty to assist ‘‘(a) T
IMEFRAME .—The Secretary’s duty to assist under section 5103A of this title shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.028 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5403 September 13, 2016 
apply only to a claim, or supplemental claim, for a benefit under a law administered by the Secretary until the time that a claim-ant is provided notice of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction decision with respect to such claim, or supplemental claim, under section 5104 of this title. ‘‘(b) N
ON-APPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN RE-
VIEWS AND APPEALS .—The Secretary’s duty to assist under section 5103A of this title shall not apply to higher-level review by the agency of original jurisdiction, pursuant to section 5104B of this title, or to review on ap-peal by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals. ‘‘(c) C
ORRECTION OF DUTY TOASSIST ER-
RORS .—(1) If, during review of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction under sec-tion 5104B of this title, the higher-level re-viewer identifies an error on the part of the agency of original jurisdiction to satisfy its duties under section 5103A of this title, and that error occurred prior to the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction being re-viewed, the higher-level reviewer shall re-turn the claim for correction of such error and readjudication unless the claim can be granted in full. ‘‘(2) If the Board, during review on appeal of a decision of the agency of original juris-diction decision, identifies an error on the part of the agency of original jurisdiction to satisfy its duties under section 5103A of this title, and that error occurred prior to the de-cision of the agency of original jurisdiction on appeal, the Board shall remand the claim to the agency of original jurisdiction for cor-rection of such error and readjudication un-less the claim can be granted in full. Remand for correction of such error may include di-recting the agency of original jurisdiction to obtain an advisory medical opinion under section 5109 of this title. ‘‘§ 5104A. Binding nature of favorable findings ‘‘Any finding favorable to the claimant as described in section 5104(b)(4) of this title shall be binding on all subsequent adjudica-tors within the department, unless clear and convincing evidence is shown to the contrary to rebut such favorable finding. ‘‘§ 5104B. Higher-level review by the agency of original jurisdiction ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The claimant may re-quest a review of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction by a higher-level ad-judicator within the jurisdiction of the agen-cy of original jurisdiction. ‘‘(b) T
IME AND MANNER OF REQUEST .—A re- quest for higher-level review by the agency of original jurisdiction must be in writing in the form prescribed by the Secretary and made within one year of the notice of the de-cision of the agency of original jurisdiction. Such request may specifically indicate whether such review is requested by a high-er-level adjudicator at the same office within the agency of original jurisdiction or by an adjudicator at a different office of the agen-cy of original jurisdiction. ‘‘(c) D
ECISION .—Notice of a higher-level re-view decision under this section shall be pro-vided in writing. ‘‘(d) E
VIDENTIARY RECORD FOR REVIEW .— The evidentiary record before the higher- level reviewer shall be limited to the evi-dence of record in the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction being reviewed. ‘‘(e) D
ENOVOREVIEW .—Higher-level review under this section shall be de novo.’’. (e) N
OTICE OF DECISIONS .—Section 5104(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) In any case where the Secretary de-nies a benefit sought, the notice required by subsection (a) shall also include— ‘‘(1) identification of the issues adju-dicated; ‘‘(2) a summary of the evidence considered by the Secretary; ‘‘(3) a summary of the applicable laws and regulations; ‘‘(4) identification of findings favorable to the claimant; ‘‘(5) identification of elements not satisfied leading to the denial; ‘‘(6) an explanation of how to obtain or ac-cess evidence used in making the decision; and ‘‘(7) if applicable, identification of the cri-teria that must be satisfied to grant service connection or the next higher level of com-pensation.’’. (f) SUPPLEMENTAL CLAIMS .—Section 5108 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 5108. Supplemental claims ‘‘If new and relevant evidence is presented or secured with respect to a supplemental claim, the Secretary shall readjudicate the claim taking into consideration any evi-dence added to the record prior to the former disposition of the claim.’’. (g) R
EMANDS FOR MEDICAL OPINIONS .—Sec- tion 5109 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Board of Veterans’ Appeals may remand a claim to direct the agency of origi-nal jurisdiction to obtain an advisory med-ical opinion under this section to correct an error on the part of the agency of original ju-risdiction to satisfy its duties under section 5103A of this title when such error occurred prior to the decision of the agency of origi-nal jurisdiction on appeal. The Board’s re-mand instructions shall include the ques-tions to be posed to the independent medical expert providing the advisory medical opin-ion.’’. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATES OF AWARDS .—Section 5110 of title 38, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsection (a): ‘‘(a)(1) Unless specifically provided other-wise in this chapter, the effective date of an award based on an initial claim, or a supple-mental claim, of compensation, dependency and indemnity compensation, or pension, shall be fixed in accordance with the facts found, but shall not be earlier than the date of receipt of application therefor. ‘‘(2) For purposes of applying the effective date rules in this section, the date of appli-cation shall be considered the date of the fil-ing of the initial application for a benefit provided that the claim is continuously pur-sued by filing any of the following either alone or in succession: ‘‘(A) A request for higher-level review under section 5104B of this title within one year of an agency of original jurisdiction de-cision. ‘‘(B) A supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title within one year of an agen-cy of original jurisdiction decision. ‘‘(C) A notice of disagreement within one year of an agency of original jurisdiction de-cision. ‘‘(D) A supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title within one year of a decision of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals. ‘‘(3) Except as otherwise provided in this section, for supplemental claims received more than one year after an agency of origi-nal jurisdiction decision or a decision by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, the effective date shall be fixed in accordance with the facts found, but shall not be earlier than the date of receipt of the supplemental claim.’’; and (2) in subsection (i) by— (A) striking ‘‘reopened’’ and inserting ‘‘re-adjudicated’’; (B) striking ‘‘material’’ and inserting ‘‘rel-evant’’; and (C) striking ‘‘reopening’’ and inserting ‘‘re-adjudication’’. (i) DEFINITION OF AWARD OR INCREASED RE-
WARD .—Section 5111(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or re-opened award;’’ and inserting ‘‘award or award based on a supplemental claim;’’. (j) R
ECOGNITION OF AGENTS AND ATTORNEYS  G
ENERALLY .—Section 5904 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1) by striking ‘‘notice of disagreement is filed’’ and inserting ‘‘claimant is provided notice of the initial decision of the agency of original jurisdic-tion under section 5104 of this title’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘notice of disagreement is filed’’ and inserting ‘‘claimant is provided notice of the initial decision of the agency of original jurisdic-tion under section 5104 of this title’’. (k) C
ORRECTION OF OBVIOUS ERRORS .—Sec- tion 7103 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘heard’’ and inserting ‘‘decided’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)(B) by striking ‘‘heard’’ and inserting ‘‘decided’’. (l) J
URISDICTION OF BOARD .—Section 7104(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘reopened’’ and inserting ‘‘readjudi-cated’’. (m) F
ILING OF APPEAL .—Section 7105 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking the first sentence and in-serting ‘‘Appellate review will be initiated by the filing of a notice of disagreement in the form prescribed by the Secretary.’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘hearing and’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) Except in the case of simulta-neously contested claims, notice of disagree-ment shall be filed within one year from the date of the mailing of notice of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction under section 5104, 5104B, or 5108 of this title. A no-tice of disagreement postmarked before the expiration of the one-year period will be ac-cepted as timely filed. A question as to time-liness or adequacy of the notice of disagree-ment shall be decided by the Board. ‘‘(2) Notices of disagreement must be in writing, must set out specific allegations of error of fact or law, and may be filed by the claimant, the claimant’s legal guardian, or such accredited representative, attorney, or authorized agent as may be selected by the claimant or legal guardian. Not more than one recognized organization, attorney, or agent will be recognized at any one time in the prosecution of a claim. Notices of dis-agreement must be filed with the Board. ‘‘(3) The notice of disagreement shall indi-cate whether the claimant requests a hear-ing before the Board, requests an oppor-tunity to submit additional evidence without a Board hearing, or requests review by the Board without a hearing or submission of ad-ditional evidence. If the claimant does not expressly request a Board hearing in the no-tice of disagreement, no Board hearing will be held.’’; (3) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) If no notice of disagreement is filed in accordance with this chapter within the pre-scribed period, the action or decision of the agency of original jurisdiction shall become final and the claim will not thereafter be re-adjudicated or allowed, except as may other-wise be provided by section 5104B or 5108 of this title or regulations not inconsistent with this title.’’; (4) by striking subsections (d)(1) through (d)(5); (5) by adding a new subsection (d) to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.028 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5404 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(d) The Board of Veterans’ Appeals may dismiss any appeal which fails to allege spe-cific error of fact or law in the decision being appealed.’’; and (6) by striking subsection (e). (n) S
IMULTANEOUSLY CONTESTED CLAIMS .— Subsection (b) of section 7105A of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) The substance of the notice of dis-agreement shall be communicated to the other party or parties in interest and a pe-riod of 30 days shall be allowed for filing a brief or argument in response thereto. Such notice shall be forwarded to the last known address of record of the parties concerned, and such action shall constitute sufficient evidence of notice.’’. (o) A
DMINISTRATIVE APPEALS .—Strike sec-tion 7106 of title 38, United States Code. (p) D
OCKETS AND HEARINGS .—Section 7107 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) The Board shall maintain two sepa-rate dockets. A non-hearing option docket shall be maintained for cases in which no Board hearing is requested and no additional evidence will be submitted. A separate and distinct hearing option docket shall be main-tained for cases in which a Board hearing is requested in the notice of disagreement or in which no Board hearing is requested, but the appellant requests, in the notice of disagree-ment, an opportunity to submit additional evidence. Except as provided in subsection (b), each case before the Board will be de-cided in regular order according to its re-spective place on the Board’s non-hearing op-tion docket or the hearing option docket.’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A case on either the Board’s non-hear-ing option docket or hearing option docket, may, for cause shown, be advanced on mo-tion for earlier consideration and determina-tion. Any such motion shall set forth suc-cinctly the grounds upon which the motion is based. Such a motion may be granted only— ‘‘(1) if the case involves interpretation of law of general application affecting other claims; ‘‘(2) if the appellant is seriously ill or is under severe financial hardship; or ‘‘(3) for other sufficient cause shown.’’; (3) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) For cases on the Board hearing op-tion docket in which a hearing is requested in the notice of disagreement, the Board shall notify the appellant whether a Board hearing will be held— ‘‘(A) at its principal location, or ‘‘(B) by picture and voice transmission at a facility of the Department where the Sec-retary has provided suitable facilities and equipment to conduct such hearings. ‘‘(2)(A) Upon notification of a Board hear-ing at the Board’s principal location as de-scribed in subsection (c)(1)(A) of this section, the appellant may alternatively request a hearing as described in subsection (c)(1)(B) of this section. If so requested, the Board shall grant such request. ‘‘(B) Upon notification of a Board hearing by picture and voice transmission as de-scribed in subsection (c)(1)(B) of this section, the appellant may alternatively request a hearing as described in subsection (c)(1)(A) of this section. If so requested, the Board shall grant such request.’’; and (4) by striking subsections (d) and (e) and redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (d). (q) I
NDEPENDENT MEDICAL OPINIONS .— Strike section 7109 of title 38, United States Code. (r) REVISION OF DECISIONS ON GROUNDS OF  C
LEAR AND UNMISTAKABLE ERROR .—Section 7111(e) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘merits, without refer-ral to any adjudicative or hearing official acting on behalf of the Secretary.’’ and in-serting ‘‘merits.’’. (s) E
VIDENTIARY RECORD .—Chapter 71 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding the following new section: ‘‘§ 7113. Evidentiary record before the board ‘‘(a) N
ON-HEARING OPTION DOCKET .—For cases in which a Board hearing is not re-quested in the notice of disagreement, the evidentiary record before the Board shall be limited to the evidence of record at the time of the agency of original jurisdiction deci-sion on appeal. ‘‘(b) H
EARING OPTION DOCKET .—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), for cases on the hearing option docket in which a hearing is requested in the notice of disagreement, the evidentiary record before the Board shall be limited to the evidence of record at the time of the agency of original jurisdiction deci-sion on appeal. ‘‘(2) The evidentiary record before the Board for cases on the hearing option docket in which a hearing is requested, shall include each of the following, which the Board shall consider in the first instance— ‘‘(A) evidence submitted by the appellant and his or her representative, if any, at the Board hearing; and ‘‘(B) evidence submitted by the appellant and his or her representative, if any, within 90 days following the Board hearing. ‘‘(3)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, for cases on the hear-ing option docket in which a hearing is not requested in the notice of disagreement, the evidentiary record before the Board shall be limited to the evidence considered by the agency of original jurisdiction in the deci-sion on appeal. ‘‘(B) The evidentiary record before the Board for cases on the hearing option docket in which a hearing is not requested, shall in-clude each of the following, which the Board shall consider in the first instance— ‘‘(i) evidence submitted by the appellant and his or her representative, if any, with the notice of disagreement; and ‘‘(ii) evidence submitted by the appellant and his or her representative, if any, within 90 days following receipt of the notice of dis-agreement.’’. (t) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 7105 is amended by striking ‘‘no-tice of disagreement and’’. (u) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
HAPTER 51 .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting after the item relating to section 5103A the following new item: ‘‘5103B. Applicability of duty to assist.’’; and (B) by inserting after the item relating to section 5104 the following new items: ‘‘5104A. Binding nature of favorable findings. ‘‘5104B. Higher-level review by the agency of original jurisdiction.’’; and (C) by striking the item relating to section 5108 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘5108. Supplemental claims.’’. (2) C
HAPTER 71 .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to section 7105 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘7105. Filing of appeal.’’; (B) by striking the item relating to section 7106; (C) by striking the item relating to section 7109; and (D) by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘7113. Evidentiary record before the Board.’’. SEC. 10. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BONUSES PAID TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE EM-PLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, except that during each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, no award or bonus may be paid to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is a member of the Senior Executive Service.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–742. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MILLER OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I rise to offer an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, beginning on line 16, strike ‘‘under section 7701 of title 5’’. Page 11, strike lines 11 through 14 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) before such order is made, the indi-vidual is afforded— ‘‘(i) notice of the order and an opportunity to respond to the order; and ‘‘(ii) an opportunity to appeal the order to another department or agency of the Federal Government.’’. Page 14, strike lines 20 through 23 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(2) before such repayment, the employee is afforded— ‘‘(A) notice of the order and an opportunity to respond to the order; and ‘‘(B) an opportunity to appeal the order to another department or agency of the Federal Government.’’. Page 20, line 8, insert ‘‘consistent with paragraph (3),’’ before ‘‘may’’. Page 20, after line 11, insert the following: ‘‘(3) An appeal of a personnel action pursu-ant to paragraph (2)(A) must be filed with the Senior Executive Disciplinary Appeals Board not later than the date that is seven days after the date of such action. If such ap-peal is not made within the seven-day period, the personnel action shall be final and not subject to further appeal.’’. Page 29, strike lines 13 through 18 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided by subparagraph (B), with respect to a supervisory employee subject to an adverse action under this sec-tion who is— ‘‘(i) an individual as that term is defined in section 715(i)(1) of this title, the procedures under subsections (d) and (e) of section 715 of this title shall apply; and ‘‘(ii) an individual as that term is defined in section 713(g)(1) of this title, the proce-dures under section 713(d) of this title shall apply.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.028 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5405 September 13, 2016 
Page 29, line 21, strike ‘‘five days’’ and in-sert ‘‘ten days’’. Page 30, line 2, strike ‘‘five-day’’ and insert ‘‘ten-day’’. Page 33, line 17, strike ‘‘except that’’ and all that follows through the period on line 21 and insert ‘‘except that—’’ (I) any such department or agency shall issue a final decision with respect to such ap-peal not later than the date that is 30 days after the date the department or agency re-ceived such appeal; and (II) if such a final decision is not made by the applicable department or agency within 30 days after receiving such appeal, the order of the Secretary shall be final and not sub-ject to further appeal. Page 34, line 19, strike ‘‘7742’’ and insert ‘‘7332’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, specifically, this would provide technical, conforming, and clarifying language changes to the bill while not changing the substance of the bill. It would also align the pre-notice and due process language on three of the sec-tions relating to bonus, pension, and relocation expenses. And it would also align the pre-notice requirements for whistleblower retaliators who are re-ceiving an adverse action to the same amount of time as other disciplinary actions in the bill. This amendment is noncontroversial, it doesn’t cost a penny, and it doesn’t change any of the underlying policy. I urge adoption of the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment really changes nothing favorably, from our point of view, in H.R. 5620. It does not cure the fundamental flaws in the bill which relate to its possible un-constitutionality, and, therefore, I will oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I am very sorry that my good friend would oppose something as sim-ple as a technical and conforming amendment, but I accept this opposi-tion. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I have no further comments, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ). The amendment was agreed to. b1815 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . WALZ  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 1, line 5, strike ‘‘VA Accountability First and’’. Page 2, beginning line 3, strike sections 2 through 8. Page 53, beginning line 14, strike section 10. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Chairman, I have three amendments that are coming up. On this first one, I am going to yield time to my colleague, who is the au-thor of the original bill. I just wanted to say, first of all, in appreciation to the chairman of the full committee, the bipartisan manner of approaching this is in the long tradi-tion of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee. It is also in the long tradi-tion of the chairman himself, wel-coming ideas, trying to strike bal-ances, having legitimate differences that are meant to be discussed—for that, I am grateful—and also for re-storing regular order. Making our amendments in order to try to improve upon a bill is something that is a time-honored tradition here. Unfortunately, it has not been the norm. So the chairman’s leadership on that issue is greatly appreciated. This amendment I want to be very clear about when the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) talks about it. The amendment does not disagree with the basic premise of the reform. There are legitimate differences amongst us here. We will work those out. But it is a harsh reality that we don’t have a Senate companion on this. The chance that the White House is going to sign the reform piece into law is nonexistent. But there is a piece of this that is noncontroversial that is critically important, and that is the appeals process. The ranking member, under the lead-ership of Ms. T
ITUS, has recognized this as an issue, brought about bipartisan solutions to it; and it can be passed and be signed by the President and be posi-tively affecting veterans right away. That doesn’t diminish the need for the reforms. It doesn’t question the value of the things that are being brought forward. It is a political re-ality that we are better off to move on a piece we know can be signed into law than to wait for something that can’t. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS), the author of this legislation. Ms. TITUS. I thank my friend from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) for yielding to me and for helping me with this amendment. Mr. Chair, this is very simple. It would just remove all of the account-ability provisions from the bill and give the House an opportunity to send a clean reform bill to the Senate. While we all agree that account-ability for employees at the VA is crit-ical, we should separate these two issues, pass appeals reform, and then work in a bipartisan manner on the ac-countability issues. Rather than send another account-ability bill to the Senate, which is op-posed by the administration, we should pass this amendment and send to the President a clean bill that can be signed right away and fix this deeply flawed, old, outdated appeals process. I am proud to have worked with var-ious VSOs and the VA to develop the overhaul of appealing VA benefits claims. As I said earlier, the current system is broken, and every day it gets worse. More appeals are added to the backlog. It has ballooned to 450,000 claims. If we don’t act now, veterans will soon have to wait a decade before their appeals can be adjudicated. Passing this amendment will allow us to address this growing problem now instead of subjecting our veterans not to good policy, but to bad politics. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Chair, I want to, again, thank the chairman. This is not an attempt to derail the reforms. It is an attempt to try to get something passed and done imme-diately. I certainly welcome the chair-man’s advice, guidance, suggestions on ways that we can make that happen in the most expedient manner. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Before I begin, let me say I believe that there is only one piece of legisla-tion that has been filed at this point in the Senate that deals with—I know there are folks that have been talking about it—appeals reform, and that is Senator RUBIO. Senator R UBIO has the companion to this piece of legislation that has been filed in the Senate. As has already been stated, this re-moves every section from the under-lying bill, except for the appeals mod-ernization. It would strike out all the accountability provisions, many of which have already passed this House of Representatives. The underlying bill already includes revised accountability language that would make significant concessions to-wards the minority’s position as it re-lates to due process. And I don’t be-lieve anybody on the minority side can say that this doesn’t. I believe that any reform that passes this Congress is doomed to fail if we don’t provide the Secretary of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.029 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5406 September 13, 2016 
authority he needs to swiftly and fairly discipline employees. If this amendment passes, the same antiquated and broken civil service system will remain in place. As I have already said, 18 VSOs be-lieve the accountability provisions are critical to the success of reforming the Department of Veterans Affairs. From the VFW: 
For far too long, underperforming employ-ees have been allowed to continue working at VA simply because the processes for re-moval are so protracted. The VFW believes that employees should have some layer of protection, but that true accountability must be enforced for those who willfully fail to meet the standard. This is critical to ensuring that VA con-sistently provides the highest quality serv-ices, as continuing to restore veterans’ faith in the Department. 
From the American Legion: 
Veterans deserve a first-rate agency to provide for their needs, and the VA is an ex-cellent agency that is, unfortunately, marred from time to time by bad actors that the complicated system of discipline makes it difficult to remove. Legislation to improve that process and make it easier to deal with these few prob-lem employees would help restore trust. 
In short, our VSOs understand how critical both of the appeals and ac-countability provisions are, and we should listen to them. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 3 and insert the following: 
SEC. 3. SUSPENSION AND REMOVAL OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EM-PLOYEES FOR PERFORMANCE OR MISCONDUCT THAT IS A THREAT TO PUBLIC HEALTH OR SAFETY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding after section 713 the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Employees: suspension and removal for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety ‘‘(a) S
USPENSION AND REMOVAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) suspend without pay an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs if the Secretary determines the performance or misconduct of the employee is a threat to public health or safety, including the health and safety of veterans; and ‘‘(2) remove an employee suspended under paragraph (1) when, after such investigation and review as the Secretary considers nec-essary, the Secretary determines that re-moval is necessary in the interests of public health or safety. ‘‘(b) PROCEDURE .—An employee suspended under subsection (a)(1) is entitled, after sus-pension and before removal, to— ‘‘(1) within 30 days after suspension, a writ-ten statement of the specific charges against the employee, which may be amended within 30 days thereafter; ‘‘(2) an opportunity within 30 days there-after, plus an additional 30 days if the charges are amended, to answer the charges and submit affidavits; ‘‘(3) a hearing, at the request of the em-ployee, by a Department authority duly con-stituted for this purpose; ‘‘(4) a review of the case by the Secretary, before a decision adverse to the employee is made final; and ‘‘(5) written statement of the decision of the Secretary. ‘‘(c) R
ELATION TO OTHER DISCIPLINARY  R
ULES .—The authority provided under this section shall be in addition to the authority provided under section 713 and title 5 with respect to disciplinary actions for perform-ance or misconduct. ‘‘(d) B
ACK PAY FOR WHISTLEBLOWERS .—If any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs is subject to a suspension or removal under this section and such suspension or re-moval is determined by an appropriate au-thority under applicable law, rule, regula-tion, or collective bargaining agreement to be a prohibited personnel practice described under section 2302(b)(8) or (9) of title 5, such employee shall receive back pay equal to the total amount of basic pay that such em-ployee would have received during the period that the suspension and removal (as the case may be) was in effect, less any amounts earned by the employee through other em-ployment during that period. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘employee’ means any individual occupying a position within the Department of Veterans Affairs under a permanent or indefinite ap-pointment and who is not serving a proba-tionary or trial period.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
LERICAL .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by add-ing after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘715. Employees: suspension and removal for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING .—Section 4303(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-graph (2); (B) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) any suspension or removal under sec-tion 715 of title 38.’’. (c) R
EPORT ON SUSPENSIONS AND REMOV -
ALS.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs shall submit to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a report on suspensions and removals of employees of the Depart-ment made under section 715 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). Such report shall include, with respect to the period covered by the report, the fol-lowing: (1) The number of employees who were sus-pended under such section. (2) The number of employees who were re-moved under such section. (3) A description of the threats to public health or safety that caused such suspen-sions and removals. (4) The number of such suspensions or re-movals, or proposed suspensions or removals, that were of employees who filed a com-plaint regarding— (A) an alleged prohibited personnel prac-tice committed by an officer or employee of the Department and described in section 2302(b)(8) or 2302(b)(9)(A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of title 5, United States Code; or (B) the safety of a patient at a medical fa-cility of the Department. (5) Of the number of suspensions and re-movals listed under paragraph (4), the num-ber that the Inspector General considers to be retaliation for whistleblowing. (6) The number of such suspensions or re-movals that were of an employee who was the subject of a complaint made to the De-partment regarding the health or safety of a patient at a medical facility of the Depart-ment. (7) Any recommendations by the Inspector General, based on the information described in paragraphs (1) through (6), to improve the authority to make such suspensions and re-movals. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which would ensure that any VA employee whose performance or misconduct threatens public health or safety, in-cluding the health and safety of vet-erans, be immediately suspended with-out pay. Specifically, it replaces section 3 of H.R. 5620 with a new provision allowing the Secretary to take lawful and ab-rupt action in extreme cases in which immediate action is warranted. My amendment would also give the Secretary the authority to remove a suspended employee, after a thorough investigation and review, if the Sec-retary determines removal is in the in-terest of public health and safety. Both parties share the desire to pro-tect veterans from mistreatment or harm, especially when they are seeking medical care at a VA hospital, but the current language in this bill will not accomplish that goal. The process for removing dangerous employees in H.R. 5620 is unconstitu-tional, and any action it authorized against underperforming VA employees would not hold up in court. Instead of achieving the majority’s stated out-come of removing VA employees whose misconduct harms veterans, this bill would produce expensive legal costs, and it would fail to hold bad employees accountable. My amendment is specifically de-signed to make sure the Secretary has the authority to immediately suspend any VA employee whose behavior threatens the health and safety of vet-erans and that the suspended employee receives no pay while the investigation is carried out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.091 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5407 September 13, 2016 
I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the ranking member’s attempt to insert what he thinks is the appropriate balance of due process and accountability, but this confusing lan-guage fails to achieve a balance. What it actually does is it strikes the entire accountability section and inserts an entirely new process for the discipline of non-SES employees. It would be convoluted, at best, and seemingly stricter than current law, but the most troubling change that this amendment would make would be to change the standard to discipline VA employees from performance or misconduct. The amendment would change it to a direct threat to public health or safety, which it would be nearly unobtainable, if not an immeasurable bar to reach. It would also, more than likely, not apply to some of the employees who have been associated with VA’s most egregious scandals recently. It would not do anything for those who were in-volved in the bloated Denver, Colorado, hospital construction project which was over $1 billion over budget, or the data manipulation at the Philadelphia regional office, or the $2.5 billion budg-et shortfall for fiscal year 2015, or the cost overruns of the Orlando VA Med-ical Center, or the allegations of inap-propriate use of government purchase cards to the tune of $6 billion, and many, many others. These are the types of employees that our constitu-ents and our veterans expect to be held accountable, but this amendment would not cover disciplinary action against them. It would allow for employees to be on indefinite suspension for months, if not years, awaiting the Secretary’s final decision, which is not fair to the vet-erans, the employee, the good-per-forming employees, or our taxpayers. VA is unable to backfill while the dis-ciplinary actions are on appeal. In the end, the question is clear: Do we want to stand with the veterans and the taxpayers and provide the VA the appropriate tools to hold employees ac-countable, or do we want to give in to special interest groups and unions that support only the status quo? I would hope that for all Members, that is an easy question to answer. I urge all Members to oppose the Takano amendment and support the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I would like to say that we on this side of the aisle do stand with veterans, and we do stand for accountability, and we do stand with the taxpayers. And that is precisely why we must oppose the un-constitutional provisions in H.R. 5620 for removing dangerous employees. The current provisions we do believe are unconstitutional; and that is why, in the end, it will not protect veterans. Actually, it harms them more because these employees will be reinstated after the courts find the provisions that they were dismissed under—this bill, under this law, would be found un-constitutional, and they would be rein-stated and a lot of taxpayer money would be wasted. Yes, we stand with the veteran. Yes, we stand for the taxpayer. Yes, we stand for accountability. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, therefore, because we re-place it with a constitutional alter-native. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. b1830 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–742. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 2, after ‘‘Representatives’’ in-sert the following: ‘‘and to each Member of Congress representing a district in the State or territory where the facility where the in-dividual was employed immediately before being removed or demoted is located’’. Page 5, line 22, after ‘‘Representatives’’ in-sert the following: ‘‘and to each Member of Congress representing a district in the State or territory where the facility where the in-dividual was employed immediately before being removed or demoted is located’’. Page 25, line 17, strike ‘‘to the supervisor of the director or official.’’ and insert ‘‘to— ’’ ‘‘(A) the supervisor of the director or offi-cial; ‘‘(B) the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House or Representatives; and ‘‘(C) each Member of Congress representing a district in the State or territory where the facility where the supervisor is employed is located.’’. Page 36, line 5, after ‘‘Senate’’ insert the following: ‘‘and each Member of Congress representing a district in the State or terri-tory where a facility relevant to the whistle-blower complaint is located’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, as I am sure you have heard, my amendment, as many others, is simple. It ensures that, one, Members of Congress know when Veterans Administration employ-ees are fired or demoted at VA facili-ties in their district for misconduct or poor performance; and, two, that Mem-bers are aware of whistleblowers’ com-plaints from VA employees in their dis-tricts and how they are, in fact, being handled. Congress cannot solve the issues at the VA that it does not know about. Even though I have met with and lis-tened to countless VA employees, vet-erans, and family members since I was elected to Congress, my office not only continues to hear about the same prob-lems that have gone unaddressed, but also about new issues all the time. In fact, I have more constituent casework regarding issues at the VA than any other Federal agency, and there are likely many more veterans and VA em-ployees who are dealing with serious issues that I may never hear about. Lastly, I share frustrations with Members on both sides of the aisle for the lack of followup about what the VA is doing to both investigate allegations about misconduct and hold responsible employees accountable. Members of Congress deserve to know about potential issues at VA health fa-cilities in their communities and what the VA is doing to address them. My amendment would increase congres-sional oversight and transparency of the VA. It also helps to ensure that veterans receive the timely, quality care that they have earned. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, again, as has already been stated by the author of the amend-ment, this would require VA to notify the appropriate Member of Congress when the new accountability process is used or to remove or demote an em-ployee who works for the VA at a facil-ity in that Member’s district. I think this is an excellent sugges-tion that would improve transparency, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.093 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5408 September 13, 2016 
something that is most needed at the Department of Veterans Affairs. It has my full support. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–742. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in favor of my amendment No. 5, to improve the accountability provi-sions found within H.R. 5620. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 7 and insert the following: 
SEC. 7. IMPROVED AUTHORITIES OF SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO IMPROVE ACCOUNTABILITY OF SENIOR EX-ECUTIVES. 
(a) A CCOUNTABILITY OF SENIOR EXECU -
TIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 713 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 713. Accountability of senior executives ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary may, as provided in this section, reprimand or sus-pend, involuntarily reassign, demote, or re-move a covered individual from a senior ex-ecutive position at the Department if the Secretary determines that the misconduct or performance of the covered individual war-rants such action. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary so removes such an in-dividual, the Secretary may remove the indi-vidual from the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5). ‘‘(b) R
IGHTS AND PROCEDURES .—(1) A cov-ered individual who is the subject of an ac-tion under subsection (a) is entitled to— ‘‘(A) be represented by an attorney or other representative of the covered individ-ual’s choice; ‘‘(B) not fewer than 10 business days ad-vance written notice of the charges and evi-dence supporting the action and an oppor-tunity to respond, in a manner prescribed by the Secretary, before a decision is made re-garding the action; and ‘‘(C) grieve the action in accordance with an internal grievance process that the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection, shall establish for pur-poses of this subsection. ‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary shall ensure that the grievance process established under para-graph (1)(C) takes fewer than 21 days. ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall ensure that, under the process established pursuant to paragraph (1)(C), grievances are reviewed only by employees of the Department. ‘‘(3) A decision or grievance decision under paragraph (1)(C) shall be final and conclu-sive. ‘‘(4) A covered individual adversely af-fected by a final decision under paragraph (1)(C) may obtain judicial review of the deci-sion. ‘‘(5) In any case in which judicial review is sought under paragraph (4), the court shall review the record and may set aside any De-partment action found to be— ‘‘(A) arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of dis-cretion, or otherwise not in accordance with a provision of law; ‘‘(B) obtained without procedures required by a provision of law having been followed; or ‘‘(C) unsupported by substantial evidence. ‘‘(c) RELATION TO OTHER PROVISIONS OF  L
AW.—(1) The authority provided by sub-section (a) is in addition to the authority provided by section 3592 or subchapter V of chapter 75 of title 5. ‘‘(2) Section 3592(b)(1) of title 5 and the pro-cedures under section 7543(b) of such title do not apply to an action under subsection (a). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered individual’ means— ‘‘(A) a career appointee (as that term is de-fined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5); or ‘‘(B) any individual who occupies an ad-ministrative or executive position and who was appointed under section 7306(a) or sec-tion 7401(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘misconduct’ includes ne-glect of duty, malfeasance, or failure to ac-cept a directed reassignment or to accom-pany a position in a transfer of function. ‘‘(3) The term ‘senior executive position’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a) of title 5), a Senior Executive Service position (as such term is defined in such section); and ‘‘(B) with respect to a covered individual appointed under section 7306(a) or section 7401(1) of this title, an administrative or ex-ecutive position.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7461(c)(1) of such title is amended by insert-ing ‘‘employees in senior executive positions (as defined in section 713(d) of this title) and’’ before ‘‘interns’’. (b) P
ERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a performance man-agement system for employees in senior ex-ecutive positions, as defined in section 713(d) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), that ensures performance ratings and awards given to such employ-ees— (A) meaningfully differentiate extraor-dinary from satisfactory contributions; and (B) substantively reflect organizational achievements over which the employee has responsibility and control. (2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe regulations to carry out paragraph (1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Hampshire. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, I believe ac-countability of senior executives at the VA is of great importance. In recent years, administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs has come under intense public scrutiny. What Congress and the American peo-ple learned was that, while the vast majority of officials at the VA are self-less public servants who do their ut-most to deliver quality health care to our veterans, there are some who ham-per our ability as a country to care for our veterans. It is our duty to ensure that our vet-erans receive the best possible care and benefits they have earned through their service to our country. My amendment seeks to strengthen the legislation to ensure that we truly are improving accountability at the VA. This amendment is the result of a bi-partisan process that gives the VA ap-propriate tools to keep senior execu-tives accountable in a way that is fair and constitutional. My amendment uti-lizes bipartisan language developed in the Senate for the Veterans First Act, which was supported by veterans serv-ice organizations, including the Amer-ican Legion. It is important to note that my amendment is not a significant depar-ture from Chairman MILLER ’s language found in section 7 of the bill. Indeed, it also eliminates the expedited appeals process passed in the 2014 Veterans Choice Act, and it establishes stricter standards that require the VA to take more immediate action against senior executives that the agency has found to be incompetent or otherwise neg-ligent in their duties to deliver high- quality services to our Nation’s vet-erans. However, there are some legal con-cerns about aspects of section 7 of the bill that could prevent it from passing future legal scrutiny. My amendment ensures our intention to enforce ac-countability is not derailed by con-stitutionality issues. Unfortunately, the bill would enable an ad hoc disciplinary appeals board to hear an appeal to an adverse action. This section also contains an arbitrary deadline for the decision, which would impact an employee’s due process rights as afforded by the U.S. Constitu-tion. My amendment would resolve this issue by making the VA Secretary re-sponsible for ensuring the appeals proc-ess takes less than 21 days and by mak-ing the Secretary of the VA directly re-sponsible. My amendment strengthens transparency of the process without compromising accountability. I am additionally concerned that this same section of the bill could be lever-aged against whistleblowers of the De-partment who are critical to bring about change in an agency that serves millions of veterans. The ad hoc nature of the board could be used to pick offi-cials that might have predispositions against a potential whistleblower. The requirement that this individual answer their notice of adverse action within 5 calendar days could be used strategically to make an honest and meritorious appeal harder to achieve. My amendment replaces the 5-cal-endar-day standard with a 10-business- day standard. The lack of transparency and ac-countability in the VA is truly worri-some, and I share Chairman M
ILLER ’s concern that it is worrisome to the American public. I thank Mr. M
ILLER  and my committee colleagues for tack-ling this issue with forthrightness. My amendment seeks to improve the bill and ensures its efficacy in law. For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the Kuster amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, while I understand what the gentle-woman is trying to accomplish, I do have to rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.096 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5409 September 13, 2016 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, first of all, I have to rise in opposition because it doesn’t provide the appro-priate level of accountability for SES employees. It largely mimics the same SES accountability language that is al-ready in the bill, with just a few excep-tions. The open-ended timeline defies the intent to quickly adjudicate these cases within a clear and concrete timeline to benefit both the VA and the employee, and that is what we are trying to get at. The pre-decision due process that would be required would actually ex-ceed the current practice of 5 days that the VA enacted after passage of the Choice Act. And I remind my good friend that the Choice Act passed both Chambers with a huge bipartisan ma-jority. When the President signed the bill, he said: ‘‘Now, finally, we’re giving the VA Secretary more authority to hold people accountable. We’ve got to give Bob the authority so that he can move quickly to remove senior executives who fail to meet the standards of con-duct and competence that the Amer-ican people demand. If you engage in an unethical practice, if you cover up a serious problem, you should be fired. Period. It shouldn’t be that difficult.’’ We should be trying to improve the culture at VA by increasing account-ability, not by weakening it. I urge all Members to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ), I offer amendment No. 6. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 8 and insert the following: 
SEC. 8. OFFICE OF ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHIS-TLEBLOWER PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 323. Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department an office to be known as the Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) HEAD OF OFFICE .—(1) The head of the Office shall be responsible for the functions of the Office and shall be appointed by the President pursuant to section 308(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) The head of the Office shall be known as the ‘Assistant Secretary for Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection’. ‘‘(3) The Assistant Secretary shall report directly to the Secretary on all matters re-lating to the Office. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding section 308(b) of this title, the Secretary may only assign to the Assistant Secretary responsibilities relating to the functions of the Office set forth in subsection (c). ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—(1) The functions of the Office are as follows: ‘‘(A) Advising the Secretary on all matters of the Department relating to account-ability, including accountability of employ-ees of the Department, retaliation against whistleblowers, and such matters as the Sec-retary considers similar and affect public trust in the Department. ‘‘(B) Issuing reports and providing rec-ommendations related to the duties de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Receiving whistleblower disclosures. ‘‘(D) Referring whistleblower disclosures received under subparagraph (C) for inves-tigation to the Office of the Medical Inspec-tor, the Office of Inspector General, or other investigative entity, as appropriate, if the Assistant Secretary has reason to believe the whistleblower disclosure is evidence of a vio-lation of a provision of law, mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘(E) Receiving and referring disclosures from the Special Counsel for investigation to the Medical Inspector of the Department, the Inspector General of the Department, or such other person with investigatory author-ity, as the Assistant Secretary considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(F) Recording, tracking, reviewing, and confirming implementation of recommenda-tions from audits and investigations carried out by the Inspector General of the Depart-ment, the Medical Inspector of the Depart-ment, the Special Counsel, and the Comp-troller General of the United States, includ-ing the imposition of disciplinary actions and other corrective actions contained in such recommendations. ‘‘(G) Analyzing data from the Office and the Office of Inspector General telephone hotlines, other whistleblower disclosures, disaggregated by facility and area of health care if appropriate, and relevant audits and investigations to identify trends and issue reports to the Secretary based on analysis conducted under this subparagraph. ‘‘(H) Receiving, reviewing, and inves-tigating allegations of misconduct, retalia-tion, or poor performance involving— ‘‘(i) an individual in a senior executive po-sition (as defined in section 713(d) of this title) in the Department; ‘‘(ii) an individual employed in a confiden-tial, policy-making, policy-determining, or policy-advocating position in the Depart-ment; or ‘‘(iii) a supervisory employee, if the allega-tion involves retaliation against an em-ployee for making a whistleblower disclo-sure. ‘‘(I) Making such recommendations to the Secretary for disciplinary action as the As-sistant Secretary considers appropriate after substantiating any allegation of misconduct or poor performance pursuant to an inves-tigation carried out as described in subpara-graph (F) or (H). ‘‘(2) In carrying out the functions of the Office, the Assistant Secretary shall ensure that the Office maintains a toll-free tele-phone number and Internet website to re-ceive anonymous whistleblower disclosures. ‘‘(3) In any case in which the Assistant Secretary receives a whistleblower disclo-sure from an employee of the Department under paragraph (1)(C), the Assistant Sec-retary may not disclose the identity of the employee without the consent of the em-ployee, except in accordance with the provi-sions of section 552a of title 5, or as required by any other applicable provision of Federal law. ‘‘(d) STAFF AND RESOURCES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Assistant Secretary has such staff, resources, and access to informa-tion as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Office. ‘‘(e) R
ELATION TO OFFICE OF GENERAL COUN-
SEL.—The Office shall not be established as an element of the Office of the General Coun-sel and the Assistant Secretary may not re-port to the General Counsel. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—(1)(A) Not later than June 30 of each calendar year, beginning with June 30, 2017, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the activities of the Office during the calendar year in which the report is submitted. ‘‘(B) Each report submitted under subpara-graph (A) shall include, for the period cov-ered by the report, the following: ‘‘(i) A full and substantive analysis of the activities of the Office, including such statis-tical information as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) Identification of any issues reported to the Secretary under subsection (c)(1)(G), including such data as the Assistant Sec-retary considers relevant to such issues and any trends the Assistant Secretary may have identified with respect to such issues. ‘‘(iii) Identification of such concerns as the Assistant Secretary may have regarding the size, staffing, and resources of the Office and such recommendations as the Assistant Sec-retary may have for legislative or adminis-trative action to address such concerns. ‘‘(iv) Such recommendations as the Assist-ant Secretary may have for legislative or ad-ministrative action to improve— ‘‘(I) the process by which concerns are re-ported to the Office; and ‘‘(II) the protection of whistleblowers with-in the Department. ‘‘(v) Such other matters as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate regarding the functions of the Office or other matters relating to the Office. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary receives a rec-ommendation for disciplinary action under subsection (c)(1)(I) and does not take or ini-tiate the recommended disciplinary action before the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Secretary received the rec-ommendation, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a de-tailed justification for not taking or initi-ating such disciplinary action. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘supervisory employee’ means an employee of the Department who is a supervisor as defined in section 7103(a) of title 5. ‘‘(2) The term ‘whistleblower’ means one who makes a whistleblower disclosure. ‘‘(3) The term ‘whistleblower disclosure’ means any disclosure of information by an employee of the Department or individual applying to become an employee of the De-partment which the employee or individual reasonably believes evidences— ‘‘(A) a violation of a provision of law; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.098 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5410 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substan-tial and specific danger to public health or safety.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 308(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) The functions set forth in section 323(c) of this title.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘323. Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection.’’. 
SEC. 9. PROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sections: ‘‘§ 725. Protection of whistleblowers as cri-teria in evaluation of supervisors ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT AND USE OF CRITERIA  R
EQUIRED .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection, shall develop criteria that— ‘‘(1) the Secretary shall use as a critical element in any evaluation of the perform-ance of a supervisory employee; and ‘‘(2) promotes the protection of whistle-blowers. ‘‘(b) P
RINCIPLES FOR PROTECTION OF WHIS-
TLEBLOWERS .—The criteria required by sub-section (a) shall include principles for the protection of whistleblowers, such as the de-gree to which supervisory employees respond constructively when employees of the De-partment report concerns, take responsible action to resolve such concerns, and foster an environment in which employees of the Department feel comfortable reporting con-cerns to supervisory employees or to the ap-propriate authorities. ‘‘(c) S
UPERVISORY EMPLOYEE AND WHISTLE -
BLOWER DEFINED .—In this section, the terms ‘supervisory employee’ and ‘whistleblower’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 323 of this title. ‘‘§ 727. Training regarding whistleblower dis-closures ‘‘(a) T
RAINING .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Whistleblower Protec-tion Ombudsman designated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall provide to each em-ployee of the Department training regarding whistleblower disclosures, including— ‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower disclosure; ‘‘(2) the right of the employee to petition Congress regarding a whistleblower disclo-sure in accordance with section 7211 of title 5; ‘‘(3) an explanation that the employee may not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress, the Inspec-tor General, or another investigatory agency in instances where such disclosure is per-mitted by law, including under sections 5701, 5705, and 7732 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Pri-vacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Pub-lic Law 104–191); ‘‘(4) an explanation of the language that is required to be included in all nondisclosure policies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protec-tion Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and ‘‘(5) the right of contractors to be pro-tected from reprisal for the disclosure of cer-tain information under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. ‘‘(b) MANNER TRAINING ISPROVIDED .—The Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, that training provided under subsection (a) is provided in person. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Secretary shall provide training on merit system pro-tection in a manner that the Special Counsel certifies as being satisfactory. ‘‘(d) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the De-partment, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to make a whistleblower disclo-sure, including the information described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (a). ‘‘(e) W
HISTLEBLOWER DISCLOSURE DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘whistle-blower disclosure’ has the meaning given such term in section 323 of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘725. Protection of whistleblowers as criteria in evaluation of supervisors. ‘‘727. Training regarding whistleblower dis-closures.’’. 
SEC. 10. TREATMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL TESTI-MONY BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES AS OF-FICIAL DUTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 729. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty ‘‘(a) C
ONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY .—An em- ployee of the Department is performing offi-cial duty during the period with respect to which the employee is testifying in an offi-cial capacity in front of either chamber of Congress, a committee of either chamber of Congress, or a joint or select committee of Congress. ‘‘(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall provide travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs per-forming official duty described under sub-section (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 102, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 721 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 729. Congressional testimony by em-ployees: treatment as official duty.’’. 
SEC. 11. REPORT ON METHODS USED TO INVES-TIGATE EMPLOYEES OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on methods used to investigate employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs and whether such meth-ods are used to retaliate against whistle-blowers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the use of administra-tive investigation boards, peer review, searches of medical records, and other meth-ods for investigating employees of the De-partment. (2) A determination of whether and to what degree the methods described in paragraph (1) are being used to retaliate against whis-tleblowers. (3) Recommendations for legislative or ad-ministrative action to implement safeguards to prevent the retaliation described in para-graph (2). (c) WHISTLEBLOWER DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘whistleblower’’ has the meaning given such term in section 323 of title 38, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 8. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED  
BY MR . TAKANO  
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amend-ment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 6 of-fered by Mr. T
AKANO of California: 
Page 23, after line 17, insert the following: 
SEC. 8. OFFICE OF ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHIS-TLEBLOWER PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 323. Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department an office to be known as the Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—(1) The head of the Office shall be responsible for the functions of the Office and shall be appointed by the President pursuant to section 308(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) The head of the Office shall be known as the ‘Assistant Secretary for Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection’. ‘‘(3) The Assistant Secretary shall report directly to the Secretary on all matters re-lating to the Office. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding section 308(b) of this title, the Secretary may only assign to the Assistant Secretary responsibilities relating to the functions of the Office set forth in subsection (c). ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—(1) The functions of the Office are as follows: ‘‘(A) Advising the Secretary on all matters of the Department relating to account-ability, including accountability of employ-ees of the Department, retaliation against whistleblowers, and such matters as the Sec-retary considers similar and affect public trust in the Department. ‘‘(B) Issuing reports and providing rec-ommendations related to the duties de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Receiving whistleblower complaints. ‘‘(D) Referring whistleblower complaints received under subparagraph (C) for inves-tigation to the Office of the Medical Inspec-tor, the Office of Inspector General, or other investigative entity, as appropriate, if the Assistant Secretary has reason to believe the whistleblower complaint is evidence of a vio-lation of a provision of law, mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.034 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5411 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(E) Receiving and referring complaints from the Special Counsel for investigation to the Medical Inspector of the Department, the Inspector General of the Department, or such other person with investigatory author-ity, as the Assistant Secretary considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(F) Recording, tracking, reviewing, and confirming implementation of recommenda-tions from audits and investigations carried out by the Inspector General of the Depart-ment, the Medical Inspector of the Depart-ment, the Special Counsel, and the Comp-troller General of the United States, includ-ing the imposition of disciplinary actions and other corrective actions contained in such recommendations. ‘‘(G) Analyzing data from the Office and the Office of Inspector General telephone hotlines, other whistleblower complaints, disaggregated by facility and area of health care if appropriate, and relevant audits and investigations to identify trends and issue reports to the Secretary based on analysis conducted under this subparagraph. ‘‘(H) Receiving, reviewing, and inves-tigating allegations of misconduct, retalia-tion, or poor performance involving— ‘‘(i) an individual in a senior executive po-sition (as defined in section 713(d) of this title) in the Department; ‘‘(ii) an individual employed in a confiden-tial, policy-making, policy-determining, or policy-advocating position in the Depart-ment; or ‘‘(iii) a supervisory employee. ‘‘(I) Making such recommendations to the Secretary for disciplinary action as the As-sistant Secretary considers appropriate after substantiating any allegation of misconduct or poor performance pursuant to an inves-tigation carried out as described in subpara-graph (F) or (H). ‘‘(2) In carrying out the functions of the Office, the Assistant Secretary shall ensure that the Office maintains a toll-free tele-phone number and Internet website to re-ceive anonymous whistleblower complaints. ‘‘(3) In any case in which the Assistant Secretary receives a whistleblower com-plaint from an employee of the Department under paragraph (1)(C), the Assistant Sec-retary may not disclose the identity of the employee without the consent of the em-ployee, except in accordance with the provi-sions of section 552a of title 5, or as required by any other applicable provision of Federal law. ‘‘(d) R
ELATION TO OFFICE OF GENERAL COUN-
SEL.—The Office shall not be established as an element of the Office of the General Coun-sel and the Assistant Secretary may not re-port to the General Counsel. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—(1)(A) Not later than June 30 of each calendar year, beginning with June 30, 2017, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the activities of the Office during the calendar year in which the report is submitted. ‘‘(B) Each report submitted under subpara-graph (A) shall include, for the period cov-ered by the report, the following: ‘‘(i) A full and substantive analysis of the activities of the Office, including such statis-tical information as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) Identification of any issues reported to the Secretary under subsection (c)(1)(G), including such data as the Assistant Sec-retary considers relevant to such issues and any trends the Assistant Secretary may have identified with respect to such issues. ‘‘(iii) Identification of such concerns as the Assistant Secretary may have regarding the size, staffing, and resources of the Office and such recommendations as the Assistant Sec-retary may have for legislative or adminis-trative action to address such concerns. ‘‘(iv) Such recommendations as the Assist-ant Secretary may have for legislative or ad-ministrative action to improve— ‘‘(I) the process by which concerns are re-ported to the Office; and ‘‘(II) the protection of whistleblowers with-in the Department. ‘‘(v) Such other matters as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate regarding the functions of the Office or other matters relating to the Office. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary receives a rec-ommendation for disciplinary action under subsection (c)(1)(I) and does not take or ini-tiate the recommended disciplinary action before the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Secretary received the rec-ommendation, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a de-tailed justification for not taking or initi-ating such disciplinary action. ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘supervisory employee’ means an employee of the Department who is a supervisor as defined in section 7103(a) of title 5. ‘‘(2) The term ‘whistleblower’ means one who makes a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(3) The term ‘whistleblower complaint’ means any disclosure of information by an employee of the Department or individual applying to become an employee of the De-partment which the employee or individual reasonably believes evidences— ‘‘(A) a violation of a provision of law; or ‘‘(B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substan-tial and specific danger to public health or safety.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 308(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) The functions set forth in section 323(c) of this title.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘323. Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection.’’. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida (during the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unani-mous consent that the reading be dis-pensed with. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the amendment is modified. There was no objection. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I ex-press my full support of Representative K
IRKPATRICK ’s amendment to H.R. 5620. I would like to thank Chairman M
IL-
LER for working with Representative K
IRKPATRICK to develop a bipartisan amendment we all can support. Whistleblowers are critical to uncov-ering and eliminating misconduct and wrongdoing at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Without them, serious issues like those discovered at the Phoenix VA facility may never have been brought to our attention. The courageous VA employees who chose to speak out deserve our respect and pro-tection. We must create an environ-ment in which whistleblowers expect appreciation, not retribution. Rep-resentative KIRKPATRICK ’s amendment, which would create the VA Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Pro-tection, will help us achieve that goal. Representative K
IRKPATRICK ’s amendment has been developed in con-sultation with the Office of Special Counsel and includes language from the Senate’s bipartisan Veterans First Act. The amendment would create an independent VA Office of Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection, which would report directly to the VA Secretary. The office would staff an anonymous hotline and refer whistle-blower complaints to the appropriate office or entity for investigation and investigate allegations of misconduct, retaliation, or poor performance of sen-ior executives and supervisors. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will create an environment in which whis-tleblowers are protected and mis-conduct is more quickly discovered and eliminated. I urge my colleagues to support Representative K
IRKPATRICK ’s amendment to H.R. 5620. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ) work-ing with us to add the Office of Whis-tleblower Protection. It also does cre-ate an assistant secretary that would oversee this brand-new office. I appreciate Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK work-ing with us on this amendment to bet-ter align it with the protections that are already in the bill. A portion of this amendment to create the new of-fice already passed the House in H.R. 1994. This amendment now has my full support. I urge my colleagues to agree and support it. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. 11. CLARIFICATION OF EMERGENCY HOS-PITAL CARE FURNISHED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO CERTAIN VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.035 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5412 September 13, 2016 
after section 1730A the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 1730B. Examination and treatment for emergency medical conditions and women in labor ‘‘(a) M
EDICAL SCREENING EXAMINATIONS .— In carrying out this chapter, if any enrolled veteran requests, or a request is made on be-half of the veteran, for examination or treat-ment for a medical condition, regardless of whether such condition is service-connected, at a hospital emergency department of a medical facility of the Department, the Sec-retary shall ensure that the veteran is pro-vided an appropriate medical screening ex-amination within the capability of the emer-gency department, including ancillary serv-ices routinely available to the emergency de-partment, to determine whether an emer-gency medical condition exists. ‘‘(b) N
ECESSARY STABILIZING TREATMENT  
FOR EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITIONS AND  L
ABOR .—(1) If an enrolled veteran comes to a medical facility of the Department and the Secretary determines that the veteran has an emergency medical condition, the Sec-retary shall provide either— ‘‘(A) such further medical examination and such treatment as may be required to sta-bilize the medical condition; or ‘‘(B) for the transfer of the veteran to an-other medical facility of the Department or a non-Department facility in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) The Secretary is deemed to meet the requirement of paragraph (1)(A) with respect to an enrolled veteran if the Secretary offers the veteran the further medical examination and treatment described in such paragraph and informs the veteran (or an individual acting on behalf of the veteran) of the risks and benefits to the veteran of such examina-tion and treatment, but the veteran (or indi-vidual) refuses to consent to the examina-tion and treatment. The Secretary shall take all reasonable steps to secure the written in-formed consent of such veteran (or indi-vidual) to refuse such examination and treat-ment. ‘‘(3) The Secretary is deemed to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) with respect to an enrolled veteran if the Secretary offers to transfer the individual to another medical facility in accordance with subsection (c) of this section and informs the veteran (or an individual acting on behalf of the veteran) of the risks and benefits to the veteran of such transfer, but the veteran (or individual) re-fuses to consent to the transfer. The hospital shall take all reasonable steps to secure the written informed consent of such veteran (or individual) to refuse such transfer. ‘‘(c) R
ESTRICTION OF TRANSFERS UNTIL VET-
ERAN STABILIZED .—(1) If an enrolled veteran at a medical facility of the Department has an emergency medical condition that has not been stabilized, the Secretary may not trans-fer the veteran to another medical facility of the Department or a non-Department facil-ity unless— ‘‘(A)(i) the veteran (or a legally responsible individual acting on behalf of the veteran), after being informed of the obligation of the Secretary under this section and of the risk of transfer, requests in writing a transfer to another medical facility; ‘‘(ii) a physician has signed a certification (including a summary of the risks and bene-fits) that, based upon the information avail-able at the time of transfer, the medical ben-efits reasonably expected from the provision of appropriate medical treatment at another medical facility outweigh the increased risks to the veteran and, in the case of labor, to the unborn child from effecting the transfer; or ‘‘(iii) if a physician is not physically present in the emergency department at the time a veteran is transferred, a qualified medical person (as defined by the Secretary in regulations) has signed a certification de-scribed in clause (ii) after a physician, in consultation with the person, has made the determination described in such clause, and subsequently countersigns the certification; and ‘‘(B) the transfer is an appropriate transfer as described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) An appropriate transfer to a medical facility is a transfer— ‘‘(A) in which the transferring medical fa-cility provides the medical treatment within the capacity of the facility that minimizes the risks to the health of the enrolled vet-eran and, in the case of a woman in labor, the health of the unborn child; ‘‘(B) in which the receiving facility— ‘‘(i) has available space and qualified per-sonnel for the treatment of the veteran; and ‘‘(ii) has agreed to accept transfer of the veteran and to provide appropriate medical treatment; ‘‘(C) in which the transferring facility sends to the receiving facility all medical records (or copies thereof), related to the emergency condition for which the veteran has presented, available at the time of the transfer, including records related to the emergency medical condition of the veteran, observations of signs or symptoms, prelimi-nary diagnosis, treatment provided, results of any tests and the informed written con-sent or certification (or copy thereof) pro-vided under paragraph (1)(A), and the name and address of any on-call physician (de-scribed in subsection (d)(1)(C) of this section) who has refused or failed to appear within a reasonable time to provide necessary stabi-lizing treatment; ‘‘(D) in which the transfer is effected through qualified personnel and transpor-tation equipment, as required including the use of necessary and medically appropriate life support measures during the transfer; and ‘‘(E) that meets such other requirements as the Secretary may find necessary in the interest of the health and safety of veterans transferred. ‘‘(d) CHARGES .—(1) Nothing in this section may be construed to affect any charges that the Secretary may collect from a veteran or third party. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall treat any care provided by a non-Department facility pur-suant to this section as care otherwise pro-vided by a non-Department facility pursuant to this chapter for purposes of paying such non-Department facility for such care. ‘‘(e) N
ONDISCRIMINATION .—A medical facil-ity of the Department or a non-Department facility, as the case may be, that has special-ized capabilities or facilities (such as burn units, shock-trauma units, neonatal inten-sive care units, or (with respect to rural areas) regional referral centers as identified by the Secretary in regulation) shall not refuse to accept an appropriate transfer of an enrolled veteran who requires such special-ized capabilities or facilities if the facility has the capacity to treat the veteran. ‘‘(f) N
ODELAY IN EXAMINATION OR TREAT -
MENT .—A medical facility of the Department or a non-Department facility, as the case may be, may not delay provision of an appro-priate medical screening examination re-quired under subsection (a) or further med-ical examination and treatment required under subsection (b) of this section in order to inquire about the method of payment or insurance status of an enrolled veteran. ‘‘(g) W
HISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary may not take adverse action against an employee of the Department be-cause the employee refuses to authorize the transfer of an enrolled veteran with an emer-gency medical condition that has not been stabilized or because the employee reports a violation of a requirement of this section. ‘‘(h) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘emergency medical condi-tion’ means— ‘‘(A) a medical condition manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (in-cluding severe pain) such that the absence of immediate medical attention could reason-ably be expected to result in— ‘‘(i) placing the health of the enrolled vet-eran (or, with respect to an enrolled veteran who is a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child) in serious jeop-ardy; ‘‘(ii) serious impairment to bodily func-tions; or ‘‘(iii) serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part; or ‘‘(B) with respect to an enrolled veteran who is a pregnant woman having contrac-tions— ‘‘(i) that there is inadequate time to effect a safe transfer to another hospital before de-livery; or ‘‘(ii) that transfer may pose a threat to the health or safety of the woman or the unborn child. ‘‘(2) The term ‘enrolled veteran’ means a veteran who is enrolled in the health care system established under section 1705(a) of this title. ‘‘(3) The term ‘to stabilize’ means, with re-spect to an emergency medical condition de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), to provide such medical treatment of the condition as may be necessary to assure, within reasonable medical probability, that no material dete-rioration of the condition is likely to result from or occur during the transfer of the en-rolled veteran from a facility, or, with re-spect to an emergency medical condition de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B), to deliver (in-cluding the placenta). ‘‘(4) The term ‘stabilized’ means, with re-spect to an emergency medical condition de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), that no material deterioration of the condition is likely, with-in reasonable medical probability, to result from or occur during the transfer of the indi-vidual from a facility, or, with respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph (1)(B), that the woman has deliv-ered (including the placenta). ‘‘(5) The term ‘transfer’ means the move-ment (including the discharge) of an enrolled veteran outside the facilities of a medical fa-cility of the Department at the direction of any individual employed by (or affiliated or associated, directly or indirectly, with) the Department, but does not include such a movement of an individual who— ‘‘(A) has been declared dead; or ‘‘(B) leaves the facility without the permis-sion of any such person.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections of such chapter is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 1730A the following new item: ‘‘1730B. Examination and treatment for emergency medical conditions and women in labor.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. b1845 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I include in the R
ECORD six let-ters from various veterans service or-ganizations in support of H.R. 5620, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.038 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5413 September 13, 2016 
MILITARY ORDER OF THE PURPLE HEART , Springfield, VA, July 14, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MILLER : On behalf of the Military Order of the Purple Heart (MOPH), whose membership is comprised entirely of combat wounded veterans, I am pleased to offer our support for sections 1 through 8 and 10 of H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016. If en-acted, this legislation would establish rea-sonable accountability measures for Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs (VA) employees. The ability to reward good employees and hold poor employees accountable is essential to any high-performing organization. Unfor-tunately, events of the past two years have made it clear to MOPH that VA lacks the necessary authority to punish, remove, and recoup the performance bonuses of employ-ees who were found to have endangered vet-erans, misused government funds, and other-wise underperformed in their duties. While we understand that VA cannot simply fire its way to success, we feel that improve-ments to these authorities made by this leg-islation are critical to allowing VA to func-tion as it should, while also maintaining vet-erans’ trust in their VA. Furthermore, these reforms would send the right message to the vast majority of VA employees who do an ex-emplary job every day that their good per-formance is truly appreciated. MOPH is also pleased that this legislation contains robust whistleblower protections, as no VA em-ployee should ever fear reprisal for identi-fying deficiencies that could endanger vet-erans in any way. MOPH is still evaluating section 9, which makes substantive changes to the VA ap-peals process, and takes no position on this section at this time. MOPH thanks you for your leadership on this issue and your commitment to veteran- centric VA reform. We look forward to work-ing with you to ensure the passage of this important legislation. Respectfully, R
OBERT PUSKAR , National Commander. 
FLEET RESERVE ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA, July 26, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MILLER : The Fleet Reserve Association (FRA) supports the ‘‘VA Ac-countability First and Appeals Moderniza-tion Act’’ (H.R. 5620) that would reform the VA’s disability benefits appeals process—a top priority for FRA. The bill also strength-ens protections for whistleblowers and en-forces accountability for unprofessional em-ployees. The Association appreciates your strong leadership on this issue and stands ready to provide assistance in advancing this legisla-tion. The FRA point of contact is John Davis, Director of Legislative Programs. Sincerely, T
HOMAS J. S NEE, National Executive Director. 
ENLISTED ASSOCIATION OF THE NA-
TIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED  S
TATES , Alexandria, VA, July 21, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MILLER : On behalf of the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States (EANGUS) which rep-resents the interests of over 400,000 enlisted men and women of the Army and Air Na-tional Guard, we are pleased to offer our full support for H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016. This bill combines much needed account-ability measures for the employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), with long overdue reforms to the personal appeals process. We believe your legislation gives the VA the power it needs to hold its employees ac-countable, while strengthening protection for whistleblowers. This is crucial, as the events of the past two years have made it clear to our organization that the VA is un-able to remove employees that are negligent, underperforming, and don’t serve in the best interest of veterans. We also believe the ro-bust protections for whistleblowers con-tained in this legislation are critical. Em-ployees that do the right thing should not fear reprisals for identifying deficiencies that could endanger veterans. EANGUS thanks you for your continued leadership on this issue and your commit-ment to bring improvements and account-ability to the VA. We stand ready to work with you and your staff to ensure the pas-sage of this important piece of legislation. Sincerely, FRANK YOAKUM , Sgt. Maj., U.S. Army (retired), Executive Director. 
From: CVA—Press. Date: Thursday, July 7, 2016. To: CVA HQ. For Immediate Release: July 7, 2016. C
ONCERNED VETERANS FOR AMERICA AN-
NOUNCES SUPPORT FOR MILLER VA A C-
COUNTABILITY BILL A
RLINGTON , VA.—Concerned Veterans for America (CVA) Vice President for Legisla-tive and Political Action Dan Caldwell re-leased the following statement today in sup-port of House Veterans’ Affairs Committee Chairman Miller’s introduction of the ‘VA Accountability First and Appeals Moderniza-tion Act of 2016:’ ‘‘Concerned Veterans for America applauds Chairman Miller for introducing H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016: This legislation would go a long way in addressing the lack of accountability plaguing the VA and im-peding the timely delivery of health care and other benefits to eligible veterans. From pro-viding meaningful limits on how long VA employees can appeal administrative ac-tions, to giving the VA secretary the author-ity to recoup bonuses and salary awarded to unethical employees, this bill is full of the reforms that will rid the department of its accountability crisis. Importantly, its re-moval of the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) from the appeals process for senior executives is a critical component to ensuring that top leaders are held account-able for their actions and kept from nega-tively influencing veterans’ care in the fu-ture. We urge the VA committees of both houses of Congress to move quickly on this legislation, and deliver the reform veterans deserve.’’ 
ASSOCIATION OF THE  U
NITED STATES NAVY, August 10, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Cannon House Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN MILLER : The Associa-tion for the United States Navy strongly supports HR 5620, which combines VA ac-countability provisions with appeals reform. The VA has had a history of committing crimes without anything more than a slap on the wrist, leaving it to veterans to suffer from lesser care. With HR 5620, the account-ability that veterans have been looking for in order to require that the VA give the proper care would finally occur. We at AUSN greatly appreciate your introduction of this bill and look forward to seeing it gain trac-tion in the House and Senate. HR 5620 helps outline both accountability measures and appeals reform together, which benefit veterans as well as VA leadership give better care. Both sections 3 and 7 help hold individuals, not just the entire organi-zation or leadership, accountable for their actions. The expedited system would allow employees who had misbehaved to appeal within 10 days and then have their appeal de-cided within 60 days, which is a much quicker, cleaner version to the system we currently have. This would help bring in bet-ter individuals rather than new leadership every time there is a problem, and would allow for expedited reprimand of the individ-uals by streamlining the discipline process. The appeals reform section of the bill is also impressive, giving veterans three different avenues to go about their appeals process rather than just one and consistently having the same problem. This bill is one that really focuses on the individual rather than the col-lective, which makes it beneficial for vet-erans to receive the best quality care pos-sible. It is crucial that accountability and appeal reform occurs within the VA. The current system is too rigid for real reform to occur, and by having initiatives that are introduced in this bill, it would help make last change within the VA and finally give veterans the care they deserve for serving our country. Sincerely MICHAEL LITTLE . 
AUGUST 31, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR MR. M ILLER : AMVETS (American Veterans) is pleased to support your bill, H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016, which seeks to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) based on performance or mis-conduct, and to reform the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) appeals process. The intent of this bill is in line with two of our National Resolutions, which dictate our legislative priorities, that our members voted on and passed at the AMVETS 72nd National Convention in Reno, Nevada in Au-gust. The first Resolution is related to the need for, and importance of, improved VA ac-countability. It states, in part, that until each and every VA employee can be held ac-countable for their actions, or lack thereof, the VA system will remain broken, unsatis-factory, and unsafe. The second Resolution is related to fixing the VBA claims processing and appeals systems. It states, in part, that AMVETS continues to monitor the progress of the veteran claims processing system, and working as a stakeholder, seeks to address the shortcomings. For these reasons we stand ready to help you gain passage of H.R. 5620. AMVETS appreciates your leadership in introducing this important legislation and in striving to improve the lives of all veterans. Sincerely, J
OSEPH R. C HENELLY , Executive Director. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I be-lieve one of the Federal Government’s most important functions is to support those who have sacrificed so much in the defense of our Nation. Whenever 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.044 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5414 September 13, 2016 
our government fails to meet this re-sponsibility, swift action must be taken. We have heard far too many dis-tressing stories in recent years about the Department of Veterans Affairs failing to provide our veterans the care they deserve. My amendment seeks to address one of these problems by add-ing the text of H.R. 3216, the Veterans Emergency Treatment Act, to this bill. This language is supported by the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, and the Disabled American Veterans. In short, my amendment would en-sure that every enrolled veteran who arrives at an emergency department of a VA medical facility and indicates an emergency condition exists is assessed and treated in an effort to prevent fur-ther injury or death. This is accom-plished by applying the statutory re-quirements of the Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act, or EMTALA, to emergency care furnished by the VA to enrolled veterans. Mr. Chairman, my attention was drawn to this issue by one of my own constituents. In February of 2015, a 64- year-old Army veteran arrived at the Seattle VA emergency room in severe pain with a broken foot that had swol-len to the size of a football. No longer able to walk, he requested emergency room staff assist him in traveling the 10 feet from his car to the ER entrance. Hospital personnel promptly hung up on him after instructing him he would need to call 911 to assist him at his own expense. He was eventually helped into the emergency room by a Seattle fire captain as well as three firefighters. Another notable incident occurred in New Mexico in 2014, when a veteran collapsed in the cafeteria of a VA facil-ity and ultimately died when the VA refused to transport him 500 yards across the campus to the emergency room. EMTALA is a Federal statute that supersedes State and local laws and grants every individual a Federal right to emergency care. It was enacted by Congress in 1986 and is designed to pre-vent hospitals from transferring, or dumping, uninsured or Medicaid pa-tients to public hospitals. EMTALA re-quires a hospital to conduct a medical examination to determine if an emer-gency medical condition exists. If one does, then the hospital must either sta-bilize the patient or effectuate a proper transfer at the patient’s request. Cur-rently, the VA hospitals are considered to be nonparticipating hospitals and are therefore not obligated to fulfill the requirements instituted by EMTALA. This amendment will revise current law to remove the nonpartici-pating designation and require them to fulfill requirements of EMTALA, just as every other hospital does. Mr. Chairman, it is actually the Vet-erans Health Administration’s stated policy that all transfers in and out of VA facilities of patients in the emer-gency department or urgent care units are accomplished in a manner that en-sures maximum patient safety and is in compliance with the transfer provi-sions of EMTALA and its imple-menting regulations. However, unfortunately, this policy is not always followed, and occasion-ally locally designed transfer policies undermine efforts to provide emer-gency care to veterans. Additionally, in some of these instances there was clear confusion on the part of the VA facilities about their own transfer poli-cies. This is why we must act now. Mr. Chairman, I urge the House to support and pass my amendment to H.R. 5620. It is time we ensure our vet-erans receive proper medical care dur-ing emergency medical situations, all without requiring additional spending. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, as the sponsor has already said, it clarifies and strengthens VA’s respon-sibility with regard to emergency care. It has been drafted very well in re-sponse to a recent, very tragic incident where a veteran died in a VA parking lot in very close proximity to a VA emergency room. It is supported by nu-merous veterans service organizations. I am grateful to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), my good friend, and urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . SCHWEIKERT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. 11. USE OF DISTRIBUTED LEDGER TECH-NOLOGY TO SCHEDULE APPOINT-MENTS. 
(a) U SE OF DISTRIBUTED LEDGER TECH-
NOLOGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that veterans seeking health care appointments at medical facilities of the Department are able to use an Internet website, a mobile application, or other simi-lar electronic method to use distributed ledger technology to view such appointments and ascertain whether an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs has modified such appointments. (2) CONTRACTS .—The Secretary shall carry out paragraph (1) by seeking to enter into one or more contracts with appropriate enti-ties to develop the appointment distributed ledger technology system described in such paragraph. (3) P
RIVACY AND OWNERSHIP OF INFORMA -
TION.—Any information relating to a veteran that is used or transmitted pursuant to this section— (A) shall be treated in accordance with sec-tion 552a of title 5, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘Privacy Act’’) and other applicable laws and regulations relat-ing to the privacy of the veteran; (B) may only be used by an employee or contractor of the Department of Veterans Affairs to carry out paragraph (1); and (C) may not be disclosed to any person who is not the veteran or such an employee or contractor unless the veteran provides con-sent to such disclosure. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary commences subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of this section. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘distributed ledger tech-nology’’ means technology using a consensus of replicated, shared, and synchronized dig-ital data that is geographically spread across multiple digital systems. (2) The term ‘‘mobile application’’ means a software program that runs on the operating system of a mobile device. (3) The term ‘‘mobile device’’ means a smartphone, tablet computer, or similar portable computing device that transmits data over a wireless connection. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, to our friends on the other side, I will let you know, I am going to move to with-draw the amendment, but I do want to share a little bit of an explanation of why I am taking this approach. I am blessed to represent much of the Phoenix area, the epicenter of where the calendar, where the scheduling sys-tem was manipulated. For those of us who are in this body who have had the opportunity to sit across from a widow who cannot stop crying because she is telling you that, in everything she be-lieves, the VA took the life of her hus-band by the delays, after the delays, after functionally being lied to and the delays. I accept in this body I may be bor-dering on being sort of a techno-uto-pian, but I have a belief that there is technology out there that is already widely adopted in the rest of the world. I mean, there are countries that the entire nation’s database system is run this way, something called a distribu-tive ledger, a blockchain. The beauty of what we were trying to weave into this is the concept of, hey, they are already working on a sched-uling software. If you enable it across the server network, no one can manip-ulate it. You can’t sit there and slip in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.105 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5415 September 13, 2016 
and change the dates and the times without it being date-stamped. That is the beauty of a distributive ledger model, and you don’t have to custom design the software to do this. Basi-cally, you are already using the capital you have already spent on the series of servers you have, and then it distrib-utes it across it. This is today’s technology—in a world where we step up and say we are going to custom-design a software solu-tion for scheduling, that is brilliant if it were still the 1990s; it is not—our ability to use a type of technology where the veteran can log in through secure passwords, see their own records, see their history, see their schedules, and know that it is bullet-proof, that no one can manipulate it; and if there was a change, they can see when and who did it, and they get to participate in the scheduling of their own health care. This will work on apps. It will work on a home computer. It will work on the servers at the VA. I have to reach out and say thank you to the chairman and to his staff because I know some of this is new technology, and rolling it out in a very specific fashion is sort of disharmo-nious when you are moving forward with a reform bill of this nature, but I am hopeful that many of us are going to sell you the idea that there is little technological improvements that can be woven in and actually solve many of the structural problems, crises, con-cerns that all of us have had to face at the VA over the last few years. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw the amendment enu-merated as No. 8. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–742. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–742. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida will state his parliamen-tary inquiry. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Will the Chair state the amendment number. I think you said amendment No. 10. Should it be No. 9? The Acting CHAIR. Amendment No. 9 was not offered. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I apologize, I was not informed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 54, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 11. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING AMER-ICAN VETERANS DISABLED FOR LIFE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) There are at least 3,600,000 veterans cur-rently living with service-connected disabil-ities. (2) As a result of their service, many vet-erans are permanently disabled throughout their lives and in many cases must rely on the support of their families and friends when these visible and invisible burdens be-come too much to bear alone. (3) October 5, which is the anniversary of the dedication of the American Veterans Dis-abled for Life Memorial, has been recognized as an appropriate day on which to honor American veterans disabled for life each year. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) expresses its appreciation to the men and women left permanently wounded, ill, or injured as a result of their service in the Armed Forces; (2) supports the annual recognition of American veterans disabled for life; and (3) encourages the American people to honor American veterans disabled for life each year with appropriate programs and ac-tivities. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the amendment on behalf of the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). Congresswoman F
RANKEL ’s amend-ment would honor American veterans disabled for life and support annual recognition of our Nation’s servicemen and -women left permanently wounded, ill, or injured as a result of their serv-ice. If passed, it would recognize Octo-ber 5 as an appropriate day to honor disabled veterans each year. This date coincides with the anniversary of the dedication of the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial in Wash-ington, D.C. The amendment is supported by the Disabled American Veterans and the Paralyzed Veterans of America. It was included in a House concurrent resolu-tion that I was proud to cosponsor alongside Chairman J
EFF MILLER . It also passed the House as part of this Chamber’s National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. America’s 3.6 million disabled vet-erans have honored us with their serv-ice and selfless duty. It is now our turn to honor them, and passing this amend-ment is one way to do so. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, this is a very worthy cause that is due our respect, as we often forget the veterans that have been wounded, disabled for life in battle. I was proud to attend the dedication of the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial service just a couple of years ago right outside of this Capitol Building, and I want to thank Rep-resentative FRANKEL and urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers, and again, I urge my colleagues to support Representa-tive F
RANKEL ’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ), I offer amendment No. 11. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 54, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 11. ESTABLISHMENT OF POSITIONS OF DI-RECTORS OF VETERANS INTE-GRATED SERVICE NETWORKS IN OF-FICE OF UNDER SECRETARY FOR HEALTH OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS AND MODIFICATION OF QUALIFICATIONS FOR MEDICAL DIRECTORS. 
Section 7306(a)(4) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks’’ after ‘‘Such Medical Directors’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘, who shall be either a qualified doctor of medicine or a qualified doctor of dental surgery or dental medicine’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the amendment on behalf of my colleague from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). Representative G
ALLEGO ’s amend-ment establishes the position of Direc-tor of Veterans Integrated Service Net-works within the Office of the Under Secretary for Health in the VA. Leadership vacancies are prevalent across the VA, particularly in terms of network and facility directors, and this amendment will provide the VA with additional flexibility to recruit med-ical center directors and VISN direc-tors. b1900 Within the 21 VISNs, there are 151 medical centers, 985 outpatient clinics, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.107 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5416 September 13, 2016 
135 community living centers, 103 domiciliary rehabilitation treatment programs, 300 readjustment counseling centers, and 70 mobile vet centers. Net-work directors have oversight of healthcare delivery for as many as 10 VA medical centers and numerous com-munity-based outpatient clinics, nurs-ing homes, and domiciliary centers. Ensuring that the VA has all the tools necessary to fill and retain these leadership positions is critical to ful-filling the VHA’s mission and providing quality, timely care to our veterans. This amendment is included in H.R. 4011, the Delivering Opportunities for Care and Services for Veterans Act, otherwise known as DOCS for Vets Act, which the VA Secretary recently in-cluded amongst his top legislative pri-orities for the remainder of this Con-gress. The language also passed unani-mously in the Senate Veterans Affairs’ Committee as part of the bipartisan Vets First Act. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed. The Acting Chair. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, this, in fact, would make it easier for VA to recruit and retain its VISN directors. It is a legislative proposal of the Department of Veterans Affairs in-cluded in the committee-drafted H.R. 5526, sponsored by Mr. W
ENSTRUP . I am grateful to Representative G
ALLEGO . I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support Representa-tive G
ALLEGO ’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. 11. CONTINUING EDUCATION REQUIREMENT FOR EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AUTHOR-IZED TO PRESCRIBE MEDICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 74 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7413. Continuing education requirement for employees authorized to prescribe medication ‘‘(a) REQUIREMENT .—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall require each covered employee of the Department to complete not less than one accredited course of continuing education on pain management once every two years. Such course shall in-clude information on safe prescribing prac-tices and disposal of controlled substances, principles of pain management, identifica-tion of potential substance use disorders and addiction treatment. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a cov-ered employee if the covered employee is li-censed or certified by a State licensure or specialty board that requires the completion of continuing education relative to pain management or substance use disorder man-agement. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered employee’ means any employee of the Department authorized to prescribe any controlled substance, in-cluding an employee hired under section 7405 of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘controlled substance’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement under subsection (a) shall apply with respect to a covered employee for any 24-month pe-riod during which the covered employee is employed by the Department for at least 180 days.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to subchapter I of such chapter the following new item: ‘‘7413. Continuing education requirement for employees authorized to pre-scribe medication.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 7413 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to a 12-month pe-riod that begins on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman M
ILLER  of Florida for his assistance with this amendment, as well as the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5620 that would direct healthcare pro-viders with VA affiliation to take con-tinuing education courses specific to pain management, opioids, and sub-stance abuse. Nationally, about 30 percent of Amer-icans have some type of chronic pain that they report. However, for vet-erans—and our elderly veterans—that number escalates dramatically, with 50 percent reporting chronic pain. And it is even more—almost double that—as 60 percent of veterans returning from the current conflict in the Middle East report some type of chronic pain that needs administration. In fact, this type of malady is the most common medical problem experienced by returning com-bat veterans in the entire last decade. So it is the number one reported prob-lem that our veterans returning home from combat have to endure. According to VA data, over half a million veterans are receiving prescrip-tions for opioids. The number of vet-erans with opioid use disorders has grown 55 percent over the last 5 years alone. Additionally, the American Pub-lic Health Association found that vet-erans are twice as likely to overdose on prescription opioids as are members of the general population. Of course, pain management isn’t just a stand-alone problem for our vet-erans. The injury leads to co-occurring mental health disorders like brain trauma or post-traumatic stress dis-order. Approximately one out of every three veterans seeking treatment for substance use disorders also have brain trauma or PTSD. The amendment incorporates lan-guage that I have introduced earlier in the year, the Safe Prescribing for Vet-erans Act. It will help those who pro-vide healthcare services to veterans learn the latest in pain management techniques, understand safe prescrip-tion practices, and spot the signs of po-tential substance use disorders. In our country, some of the States have moved ahead already with what this amendment does. There are 14 States in the country that require con-tinuing education so that their physi-cians are schooled and kept up to speed with the most modern techniques in dealing with opioid abuse disorders. Even though there are 14, that number decreases in some of those States for the people administering these drugs, including nurse practitioners, physi-cian assistants, dentists, and others. So this is a problem that some States are addressing, but we are not address-ing as a country to help our veterans. In those States that have this, they have that requirement for continuing education as part of treating those peo-ple who are seeking treatment. But in the remaining States, even if they have some kind of recommendations, there is no guarantee. And for our veterans nationwide, there is no guarantee. So this is something, I think, that is essential and that we do the most we can do to help the veterans and the he-roes that have served us so well as they come back dealing with some of the ef-fects and aftereffects of their combat, to be able to help them and be there for them the way that they were there for us. This Congress has already acted, in terms of the appropriations process, for the implementation of the costs at-tendant to this kind of support. This bill will be a corollary bill that deals with guaranteeing that that occurs. In my own area, just to show you the conflicts of treatment and the diver-sity of treatment, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is one of those 14 States that requires all medical per-sonnel, all doctors, to able to have this continuing education requirement. That includes those doctors that serve the Veterans Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.112 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5417 September 13, 2016 
However, in my district in the south-east portion of Massachusetts, most of the veterans in my area go to Provi-dence, Rhode Island, for their treat-ment, which does not have that guar-antee. Just to show an example, they have recommendations of what to do, but they don’t have that guarantee. So in my own State, one portion of the State and the veterans served mostly in that portion has that re-quirement to make sure that is the case. The other doesn’t. I want to thank Mr. R
OTHFUS of Pennsylvania for joining me as a co-sponsor of this amendment. I want to thank my colleagues for this. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I do want to thank Mr. K
EATING for com-ing up with this outstanding amend-ment to our bill. It does require VA employees to receive continuing edu-cation and courses on pain manage-ment, safe prescribing practices, dis-posal of controlled substances, and ad-diction treatment. It is critical for VA providers to know the best practices for pain management and substance use disorder. I want to thank Mr. K
EATING for his words tonight, and Mr. R
OTHFUS , and I my colleagues in supporting this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–742. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 54, add after line 2 the following: 
SECTION 11. REVIEW OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-PLAINTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 711 the following new section: ‘‘§ 712. Review of whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—During each calendar quarter, the Secretary shall review each cov-ered whistleblower complaint that is filed during the previous calendar quarter. ‘‘(b) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may only delegate the authority of the Secretary under subsection (a) to review a covered whistleblower complaint, without further delegation, to— ‘‘(1) the Deputy Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs; ‘‘(2) the Under Secretary for Health; ‘‘(3) the Under Secretary for Benefits; ‘‘(4) the Under Secretary for Memorial Af-fairs; ‘‘(5) an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs; ‘‘(6) a Deputy Assistant Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs; or ‘‘(7) a director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network. ‘‘(c) COVERED WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered whistleblower complaint’ means any com-plaint filed with the Office of the Special Counsel under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5 with respect to a prohibited personnel practice committed by an officer or em-ployee of the Department of Veterans Affairs and described in section 2302(b)(8) or 2302(b)(9)(A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of such title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 711 the following new item: ‘‘712. Review of whistleblower complaints.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 859, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I am very pleased to have the opportunity to offer this simple, nonpartisan amendment today. Like many of my colleagues here, I am determined to do whatever I can to ensure the best possible care for our veterans. And I can tell you that I see all the time just how important the services are in my hometown at the Long Beach Veterans Administration to veterans in my district. It is absolutely essential our vet-erans receive the quality of care that they have earned and that we owe them. I believe everyone here agrees on that. The question is: How can we en-sure that our veterans receive the best quality care? One straightforward, but important way is to make sure that whistle-blowers are adequately protected. When problems emerge, as they cer-tainly will in any complicated system such as health care, it is vital that the VA employees feel that they can bring forward complaints and they will be properly considered without fear of re-taliation. VA employees are key potential part-ners in making sure the system is re-sponsive, honest, and efficient. And if they have any doubts or concerns about their whistleblower protections, then we lose the insights, their exper-tise, and the inside view that they bring to the VA’s day-to-day oper-ations. That would be bad for the vet-erans and bad for our VA system. My simple amendment helps to guar-antee whistleblower protections are acted upon by requiring the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or his or her des-ignee to conduct a quarterly review of covered whistleblower complaints from the preceding quarter. This brings the necessary prompt attention and senior level VA oversight to whistleblower complaints. I believe this is nonpartisan, non-controversial, and I hope that the ma-jority goes along with my colleagues in the minority and will support it. I urge its adoption. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Mr. LOWENTHAL for his very simple, nonpartisan amendment that has been provided tonight requir-ing political appointees at VA review whistleblower complaints at every level. I am grateful to him for bringing this forward. I urge all of my col-leagues to support his amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I thank and appreciate the leader from the ma-jority party. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
IL-
LER of Florida) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5620) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or de-motion of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs based on per-formance or misconduct, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
b1915 SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.114 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5418 September 13, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, Sep-tember is Suicide Prevention Month, a time for our Nation to raise awareness about the recurring tragedy of suicide. Last month, the VA released an up-dated comprehensive study on veteran suicide, finding an estimated 20 vet-erans lose their lives to suicide every day. Twenty veterans a day should be a call to action for our country and for this Congress. We must do more. Typically, time in this House Cham-ber is split; Republicans have 1 hour and Democrats have another. But I be-lieve this issue is too important to be overshadowed by partisan politics, and that is why tonight I have invited Members from both sides of the aisle to show our commitment to solving this problem together and find real solu-tions for our veterans. This is the fourth year that I have held this event in this Chamber to raise awareness and send a clear mes-sage that the epidemic of veteran sui-cide must end. We have so much more work left to do. Tonight I hope that we, as a body, will demonstrate our ongoing support for the individuals, organizations, and agencies devoted to preventing the epi-demic of veteran suicide. We challenge the VA, the Department of Defense, and our fellow lawmakers to do more. Today, Mr. Speaker, we are failing in our obligation to do right by those who have served our country so honorably. Finally, we send a message to mili-tary families who have experienced this tragedy. Our message is simple: Your family’s loss isn’t forgotten. We work for the memory of your loved ones, and we will not rest until every veteran has access to the care that he or she needs. I have often shared the story of a young veteran from my district, Ser-geant Daniel Somers. Sergeant Somers was an Army veteran of two tours in Iraq. He served on Task Force Light-ning, an intelligence unit. He ran over 400 combat missions as a machine gun-ner in the turret of a Humvee; and part of his role required him to interrogate dozens of terrorist suspects. His work was deemed classified. Like many veterans, though, Daniel was haunted by the war when he re-turned home. He suffered from flash-backs, nightmares, depression, and ad-ditional symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder, made worse by a trau-matic brain injury. Daniel needed help. He and his family asked for help, but, unfortunately, the VA enrolled Sergeant Somers in group therapy sessions, which Sergeant Somers could not attend for fear of dis-closing classified information. Despite repeated requests for individ-ualized counseling, or some other rea-sonable accommodation to allow Ser-geant Somers to receive appropriate care for his PTSD, the VA delayed pro-viding Sergeant Somers with appro-priate support and care. Like many veterans, Sergeant Somers’ isolation got worse when he transitioned to civilian life. He tried to provide for his family, but he was un-able to work due to his disability. Ser-geant Somers struggled with the VA bureaucracy. His disability appeal had been pending for over 2 years in the system without any resolution. Sergeant Somers didn’t get the help that he needed in time. On June 10 of 2013, Sergeant Somers wrote a letter to his family. In this letter he said: ‘‘I am not getting better, I am not going to get better, and I will most certainly de-teriorate further as time goes on.’’ He went on in the letter to say: ‘‘I am left with basically nothing. Too trapped in a war to be at peace; too damaged to be at war. Abandoned by those who would take the easy road, and a liability to those who stick it out and, thus, deserve better. So you see, not only am I better off dead, but the world is better without me in it. This is what brought me to my actual final mission.’’ We lost Daniel Somers that day, and no one who returns home from serving our country should ever feel like he or she has nowhere to turn. Mr. Speaker, and Members, I am committed to working on both sides of the aisle to ensure that no veteran feels trapped like Sergeant Somers did, and that all of our veterans have access to appropriate mental health care. Sergeant Somers’ story is familiar to too many military families. Sergeant Somers’ parents, Howard and Jean, were devastated by the loss of their son, but they bravely shared Sergeant Somers’ story and created a mission of their own. Their mission is to ensure that Sergant Somers’ story brings to light America’s deadliest war, the 20 veterans that we lose every day to sui-cide. Many of my colleagues have met with Howard and Jean. They are work-ing with Congress and the VA to share their experiences with the VA healthcare system and find ways to im-prove care for veterans and their fami-lies. Our office worked closely with How-ard and Jean to develop the Sergeant Daniel Somers Classified Veterans Ac-cess to Care Act. The Sergeant Daniel Somers Act ensures that veterans with classified experiences can access appro-priate mental health services at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Our bill directs the Secretary of the VA to establish standards and proce-dures to ensure that a veteran who par-ticipated in a classified mission, or who served in a sensitive unit, may ac-cess mental health care in a manner that fully accommodates his or her ob-ligation to not improperly disclose classified information. The bill also directs the Secretary to disseminate guidance to employees of the Veterans Health Administration, including mental health professionals, on such standards and procedures on how best to engage veterans during the course of mental health treatment with respect to classified information. Finally, the bill directs the Secretary to allow veterans with classified expe-riences to self-identify so they can quickly receive care in an appropriate setting. The Sergeant Daniel Somers Act passed the House in February, but now we are waiting for the Senate to take action. No veteran or family should go through the same tragedy that the Somers family experienced, and we owe it to our veterans to pass and sign this bill into law. While we are waiting for Congress to act, Arizona is taking action. We are doing it ourselves. Our office took im-mediate action when we heard from brave whistleblowers about the tragedy at the Phoenix VA. We have now held nine veterans clinics, helping over 1,000 veterans and military members access the benefits they have earned. Our team helps veterans with everything they need, from housing to job place-ment, to education. Mr. Speaker, I will speak more about the work we are doing in Arizona, but I would like to yield to my colleague from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ), who has bravely served our country. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, Representa-tive S
INEMA . I thank her for her pas-sion for the issue, for her leadership which she brings here tonight and on all days on this very important issue for veterans. Mr. Speaker, this is a very personal issue for me. After 29 years in the United States Army, initially starting as a 17-year-old private in the New York Army National Guard and, after 5 years, making the transition to the regular Army as a Commissioned Offi-cer and serving 24 additional years, in-cluding 4 combat tours in Iraq, time in the Balkans, also in Haiti, over that time, I have seen the human condition under very severe and acute stress, and have seen humans at their best and hu-mans at their worst. Now, in this role in Congress, I think it is critically important that we come together and provide all the support that we can for our servicemen and -women, for our veterans, and for their families. Mr. Speaker, my wife is also involved in helping on this score, as she is a li-censed clinical social worker, and she commits herself to helping. She is in-volved in therapy for our veterans. And for both of us, we have seen this from the vantage point of being on Active Duty, and then retiring from the United States military and being a ci-vilian, in a community, and now serv-ing in Congress. It is clear that, as far as the status of our veterans—well, I guess, perhaps not surprisingly a lot like the rest of America—it is variegated. Some vet-erans are doing really well; got home, integrated, and really excelling in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.118 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5419 September 13, 2016 
every capacity in life. Yet, Mr. Speak-er, there are some that are really struggling. They are struggling to find their footing, to reintegrate into soci-ety. They may be struggling finan-cially. Others have grievous wounds that they incurred in this war, and oth-ers who still were not physically wounded are carrying emotional scars. So really, that is, I think, the calling here tonight. Congresswoman S
INEMA  has pulled together this Special Order for us to put a focus on that, and I deeply appreciate that because the American people need to know: Is their government listening? Do we hear the calls from our veterans, their families, and from their loved ones, from their friends, and from all Americans who are concerned about the status of our veterans? Mr. Speaker, our government is lis-tening. We have taken action. There is much more to be done, but I think it is important to also give an accounting. A transparent, accountable govern-ment must provide report on what has been done. Mr. Speaker, I was at the White House when we did the bill signing, when President Obama signed into law the Clay Hunt suicide awareness and prevention bill. Clay Hunt, a great American hero, a Marine who fought bravely for our country in both Iraq and Afghanistan, who came back and who candidly knew that he was having some mental health challenges; and the way he dealt with that was to commit himself to helping others. And he did make a difference, again. Unfortunately, he ultimately lost his battle with the mental health chal-lenges that he had, and his family took up the cause in that immediate after-math. It is through the inspiration of Clay Hunt, the way he lived his life, that we came together here in this House. And I thank Sergeant Major Walz, the highest ranking enlisted man to ever serve in these Chambers, for au-thoring the bill. I was proud to be a part of it. But this, we believe, will make a positive difference. It will not solve all, but it does audit our programs to take a look at what is doing well, and other programs that are still challenged, well-intentioned, but challenged; and it is going to provide a clearinghouse so that we can learn from these experi-ences. It also starts a pilot program that is going to pay for the education for Americans who want to volunteer to be part of this effort to help veterans, the Clay Hunt suicide awareness and pre-vention, now law. Likewise, the Female Veteran Sui-cide Prevention Act, we passed that in both Chambers, and the President of the United States signed that into law. We also enacted the Wounded War-riors Federal Leave Act, which I also think will make a positive difference for our veterans. And then, of course, about 18 months ago we enacted the VA’s most sweeping reform of the VA, arguably, in our life-time. Now, we are still in the throes of implementing that, so we haven’t seen the full effect, but the intent of which is to address what Congresswoman SINEMA was addressing moments ago, and that was the backlogs at the VA. We have enacted legislation that I believe will ultimately, when it is fully implemented, over time, help reduce those backlogs, bring better quality care and more accountability to our VA. I want to also mention that, while these aforementioned bills are now law, we passed on this floor a bill a couple of months ago that I think will also make a significant difference and it will help the mental health of all Americans: T
IMMURPHY ’s bill on men-tal health that is now over in the Sen-ate. And I think that will have a con-tributing effect to our veterans. So while there is an accounting of the actions we have taken to date, there is still much more to be done. And let me begin by saying that, after all these efforts, only a third of the veterans who are eligible to enroll in the VA are presently signed up. b1930 We have to do better than that. I think we need public service, we need leadership by example, and we need a whole series of efforts to reach out to our veterans to get them into this com-munity of care. In part, some of it is going to have to come from confidence in the VA, which we need to improve. So we recognize that while we have the Veterans Administration and we are trying to improve it, we are working hard on that, we also need to try to in-spire to get more vets to use it. I will also say that my assessment is, as I mentioned, having served on Ac-tive Duty and now on this side on re-tirement, I think the peer-to-peer pro-grams are critically important because we have a number of programs to help. As I mentioned, my wife is partici-pating in one of them with the therapy helping. The fact of the matter is that if a veteran is in crisis in the dark of the night, and we have no way of reaching out to him, we could lose him, regard-less of what programs we have. So these peer-to-peer efforts, which there are some now, some pilot pro-grams and some important ones that are going on—we have one in New York State. I heard Congresswoman S
INEMA  talking about a program they have in Arizona. In New York State, we have a peer-to-peer program actually started by one of our colleagues here now, L
EE Z
ELDIN from Long Island. When he was serving in the State Senate, he coau-thored a bill that became law in our State that has been helping with peer to peer. I think this is critically impor-tant that we have this camaraderie and that we have this capacity that reaches out so that veterans know they are never alone. In the Army, we had a program that we called the Ranger Buddy program, or it is sometimes called the Airborne Buddy, or sometimes just the plain Soldier Buddy. But the point is that for moments of ideations, the darkest of ideations, we need to have that support that will then lend itself to a transi-tion to the other programs we have at the VA and other places in the light of day. I am going to close with this: while we need to do more to help with the physical condition for our veterans, to help them heal, and to also work their mental health, to support that and im-prove that. I firmly this: One of the things that rallies all servicemembers is a real sense of mission, the notion that what they are doing is certainly greater than themselves. They are helping to protect an exceptional way of life, and that is such a source of pride for our servicemen and -women. When they make the transition, some-times that is not even fully cognizant for our servicemen and -women. They have appreciation for it, but sometimes it really takes the separation of years to recognize how significant that mo-ment in their life was, that period of time in their life. So for some veterans, when they get home, they miss this, that sense of ca-maraderie, that sense of cohesion, and that sense of purpose that goes with dedicating a life to a cause. So as we work on improving the physical health and the mental health of our veterans, I would also say that it is important that we help veterans find that cause in their civilian life in any capacity, whether it is helping out with other wounded veterans, helping in schools, helping senior citizens, or helping the Scouts. In any capacity, it is getting that sense of mission back again. I think that has got to be key to all these programs. I want to close by just thanking, again, Congresswoman SINEMA . I thank the gentlewoman for her great leader-ship on this. Let us all go forward dedi-cated to continuing to work on this issue and find ways where we can come together to make a difference. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative G
IBSON for his words. I thank the gentleman for his service to our country. I thank especially the gentleman’s wife. As a fellow social worker, I thank her for her work serv-ing veterans. I thank Representative H
ILLfor join-ing us this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from Arkansas, F
RENCH HILL. Mr. HILL. I thank the Congress-woman from Arizona, my distinguished colleague on the House Financial Serv-ices Committee. I thank the gentle-woman for calling attention to all the Members in the House in this hallowed Chamber on this very, very important topic. So I thank the gentlewoman for inviting us to share. Mr. Speaker, in 2013, a documentary about the Veterans Crisis Line aired on HBO. Winning an Academy Award for Best Short Subject Documentary in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.119 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5420 September 13, 2016 
2015, ‘‘Crisis Hotline: Veterans Press 1’’ highlighted the suicide crisis that we are talking about here tonight. It talked about the crisis that is facing our Nation’s veterans and the men and women who are employed by the hot-line that have devoted their time and their expertise in listening to our vet-erans and trying to aid them in their moment of crisis. Too many times, these calls are ones of last resort, with our veterans having nowhere else to turn and no one else to help them. Over the years, we have continued to hear of the tragic crisis facing our vet-erans who continue to suffer from the invisible wounds of war that wreak havoc on their minds, destroy families, and, sadly, claim the lives of an aver-age of some 20 veterans every day. Arkansas’ Second Congressional Dis-trict is home to many of our brave vet-erans from the conflicts of our country. Many servicemembers currently who serve at Little Rock Air Force Base and at Camp Robinson and our vet-erans in central Arkansas are fortu-nate to have one of the top facilities in the entire country when it comes to treating mental health issues. The Towbin Healthcare Center, more commonly known as Fort Roots, lo-cated in north Little Rock, Arkansas, provides our local veterans with men-tal health care facilities and services that have received national attention on ‘‘60 Minutes.’’ The doctors at Fort Roots, their innovation, their success with post-traumatic stress disorder, and their treatments have gotten that kind of national recognition. The man-agement, the doctors, and the rank- and-file employees work tirelessly to give our veterans suffering from PTSD and traumatic brain injury a chance for rehabilitation and for getting back and getting on with their lives and their families. The Central Arkansas Veterans Men-tal Health Council has also partnered with veterans, their families, and the central Arkansas community to help address this ongoing crisis and better help serve the mental health needs of our Arkansas veterans. In Congress, we are working together on a bipartisan basis to enact policies that help our veterans and reform our mental health care system. Last year, the House passed with bipartisan sup-port and the President signed into law the Clay Hunt SAV Act to increase ac-cess to mental health care for veterans and ensure the accountability of our Federal agencies in providing essential suicide prevention services. The bill’s namesake, a marine vet-eran from Houston, Texas, who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, Clay Hunt took his own life at the age of 28 in 2011, after a years-long struggle with PTSD that he had suffered as a result of his brave service to our country. We are also working to better address the mental health needs of our entire country through the passage of the Helping Families In Mental Health Cri-sis Act, which was on the House floor earlier this summer. This landmark bill, introduced by our colleague, Rep-resentative M
URPHY from Pennsyl-vania, was cosponsored by over 200 bi-partisan Members of the House and ad-dresses our seriously outdated mental health care system by refocusing and retooling our mental health programs, clarifying our privacy laws to ensure healthcare professionals can commu-nicate with caregivers, and addressing the shortages in our mental health workforce and treatment facilities. In the debate on that bill, it was stunning to learn that in the mid-1970s we had some half a million mental healthcare beds in this country, and now we have some 50,000. It is sad to hear the stories of parents of adult children who have lost them because of the lack of communication and the lack of service in some of our States in mental health. I commend Congress-man M
URPHY for helping lead and build a major bipartisan coalition on this important topic. But all of us together—and I again thank the Congresswoman from Ari-zona—we all must work together and continue to move forward with thoughtful and effective legislation on the issue of mental health and mental health access and do what we can to save the lives of our veterans and re-verse this deadly trend of suicides. I am proud to join my colleagues this evening to discuss this important mat-ter, and I am committed to ensuring that all of our veterans, our service-members, and their families receive the care and information they need to prevent suicide and help them heal and recover from these invisible wounds of war. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman S
INEMA for this time. I thank the gen-tlewoman for the opportunity to share this part of the evening with her, and I commend the gentlewoman for her leadership. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman H
ILLfor joining us and his leadership in the Congress on men-tal health and veterans issues. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from California, S
COTT PETERS , who currently represents Howard and Jean Somers whom I was speaking about earlier. I thank the gentleman for being here. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman S
INEMA for organizing this bipartisan gathering to raise awareness about the suicide epidemic plaguing our veterans community and for the gentlewoman’s leadership on this important cause. San Diego is home to the third larg-est population of veterans in the Na-tion. Every year, roughly half of the servicemembers stationed in San Diego are discharged and stay in the region after they leave service. With more than 236,000 residing in San Diego County, honoring our commitment to veterans—the benefits they earned through their service—is one of the most important jobs we have in Con-gress, and I think folks are recognizing that here tonight. During Suicide Prevention Month, we turn our focus to ending the awful re-ality of veteran suicide that has hurt families and communities across the country. Every day, 20 veterans trag-ically take their own lives. Regardless of the number or rates, every veteran suicide is one too many. But there is much more we can do. Mental health issues are still stig-matized in our country, but it is time we recognized the unique challenges faced by servicemembers and veterans in this regard. Post-traumatic stress is all too prevalent among our warfighters when they return home. We don’t call it a disorder because it is often a perfectly natural reaction to the horrors that they have seen and the difficulties they have experienced. So we have to come together as a nation to address this issue. Our men and women in uniform deserve our dedica-tion, just as they dedicated their lives to serving our Nation. In San Diego, we are taking some in-novative and collaborative approaches to addressing veteran suicide by com-bining government, private groups, and community partners. Since 2014, zero8hundred has helped local veterans transition from Active Duty to civilian life. This community-based nonprofit connects with servicemembers before they leave the military, and it makes sure that they know about the abun-dant services and community resources available to them as they transition themselves into new jobs and into new lives. Courage to Call is another San Diego resource, a 24/7 helpline completely staffed by veterans ready to speak with Active Duty military, reservists, Guard members, and fellow vets to help them navigate challenges that come with life in and after the service. In war, servicemembers depend on one another for guidance and support, and they should have that same sup-port as civilians. This service was started in San Diego by 2–1-1, a local public-private partnership, a nexus to connect community resources with the individuals that can take advantage of them. It is a perfect example of how providing a central portal for benefits, employment, and housing help simplify the process and get veterans the bene-fits that they earn. We also have medical centers that use innovative models of care to meet the needs of our servicemembers and veterans. I hope we can implement some of these same standards of care across the country. But that is not pos-sible unless we come together—come together as leaders—and pass bipar-tisan reforms to veterans care. As Congresswoman S
INEMA has men-tioned, she and I have had the honor of working with Dr. Howard and Jean Somers, who have been tireless advo-cates for reforming the broken healthcare system at the Department of Veterans Affairs after they lost their son, Daniel, to suicide in 2013. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.120 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5421 September 13, 2016 
While it is not perfect, and we have a lot of implementation steps to take, the Veterans Choice Act and the Vet-erans Accountability Act that we de-bated earlier tonight will help bring accountability to a system wrought with oversight and leadership chal-lenges. We also need to provide more flexible treatment options like telehealth tech-nologies that allow veterans to receive care from the comfort of their homes. Finally, and I think maybe most im-portantly, we need to break the stigma of mental health issues once and for all. We know how difficult it has been to deal with the veterans who come to the VA for care, but there is a great number who never touch the VA who suffer in loneliness at home and have never connected with the VA even with a phone call, and they take their lives before they even make the attempt. b1945 We need to do a better job of out-reach to those folks to make sure that they know that they have the support of the veterans community and the larger community at home. We have to treat these unseen battle scars with the same gravity and re-spect as the visible ones. We owe it to our Nation’s heroes to end the tragedy of veteran suicide. This is a conversa-tion I am proud to be a part of. I am committed to constructive results. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ms. S
INEMA again for her leadership on this and for organizing this evening. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman P
ETERS , and I thank him for his willingness to work tirelessly with me and with others on the issues that we know affect not just Howard and Jean and their son Daniel, but many other veterans around the coun-try. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), who is joining us for the fourth year in a row. I thank him so much for being here. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. S
INEMA for putting this on for 4 years in a row because this is such an impor-tant topic that we all need to be en-gaged in as a nation. Mr. Speaker, as Ms. S
INEMA and I came in together, she has hosted this Special Order, and I thank her for calling it to the atten-tion of America. Last year, I remember we stood here on the House floor talking about 22 sui-cides per day, but the current figures say 20. I would like to think that part of that reason for a decrease in that is the effort that she has inspired people to be more aware of this issue. And I hope that the veterans out there, the people in trouble, are watching C– SPAN tonight and they are watching this presentation, this talk that is coming out of the heart of so many Members of Congress talking about this very important issue and letting them know that we are here and that we are aware of this. September is National Suicide Pre-vention Month. As a country, we need to use this platform to make it a na-tional priority every hour, every day, every month of the year. With a reduc-tion of two suicides per day, that is a great thing, but 20 is way too many. Suicide is among the top 10 leading causes of death in the United States. I urge all Americans to take the time to learn the warning signs and where to find help for someone who may be struggling. From the brilliant come-dian Robin Williams, to bullied young kids, to the brave men and women of our Nation’s military returning from the battlefield, suicide does not dis-criminate. Emotional pain and despair can set in and take root in the mind of all ages and across all demographics. We are focusing on our military be-cause of the liberties and freedoms we experience in this country every day. I am shameful to admit that I take those for granted at times. But we only have those liberties and freedoms from the sacrifice, dedication, and commitment of the people that are willing to lay ev-erything on the line for this country, along with their spouses, their chil-dren, and their family. Too many times, the signs of suicide go undetected, which leave those left behind asking: Why did this happen? What could we have done to help pre-vent this tragedy? I had a dear friend of mine who had committed suicide. I grew up with him. I saw him reach out, and in a busy world, we are all consumed. I feel guilty not putting a hand in there to do more to prevent that. I know his fam-ily has suffered, I know the people around him have suffered, and I know there is a void in my life that will never be refilled. I often wonder: Had I reached out, would things have been different? Often, the signs, as I said, go unde-tected, which leave those asking: Why did this happen? We can work beyond that. It is so im-portant that we have an open and hon-est dialogue about the issue of suicide. The more we talk about it, the more we increase people’s awareness that there is help and there are alter-natives. Today, a disproportionate amount of our Nation’s veterans are falling vic-tim to suicide. After all they have given to this country, it is tragic and unacceptable that our Nation’s vet-erans often suffer alone until it is too late for those around them to help. Sometimes it is out of pride, some-times it is out of fear, but they don’t want to reach out. As my colleague F
RENCH HILLpoint-ed out, at one point in time in this country, there were over 500,000 beds in mental health facilities, and we are down to 50,000. I applaud the work of this Congress and Dr. M
URPHY , TIM M
URPHY , for bringing this to the spot-light. By shining a light on the veteran sui-cide issue, we as a nation start to un-derstand the urgency with which we need to solve and prevent this epidemic that our veterans—not alone, but with their family and their friends—struggle with. Not recognizing the signs early enough all too often leads to that loss of life that if only we were aware of those conditions, those signs, and we reached out and we called, we let some-body know, we could have stopped that and saved a life, saved a family, and saved a veteran. Our government asks our men and women to please place themselves in harm’s way. We as a nation must come together to ensure a strong support system is in place to help them when they come home. This begins with raising public awareness—like any campaign, if you don’t have public awareness, if you don’t bring this to the forefront, it stays in the shadows, and the condition goes on and sometimes increases—and eliminating stigmas associated with seeking help. This means connecting combat veterans with mental health providers. We heard the last speaker talking about telemedicine. That doesn’t work for everybody; but for the person that doesn’t want to go to a clinic or doesn’t have access, it is a great way to go, and a lot of people prefer that. We see that over and over again. This means additional mental health resources. Again, I am proud that this Congress passed that bill and that the President signed it. And this means prioritizing a change in our Nation’s approach to recognizing the needs of others who may be suffering in silence, as I talked about my friend. Congress and the VA are working to enact changes that will help save our soldiers, but we cannot do it alone, nor can they. It is the American people that will lead the way in changing the way society views, recognizes, and treats mental health conditions. I saw this at a seminar, and this was so important to me. The mental health issue is not a partisan issue. We need to remove the stigma from mental health. Heck, look at other diseases. Many times it is a chemical imbalance, just like a disease like diabetes or hypothyroidism. You take a medica-tion and you treat it. We don’t stig-matize those, so why is there this stig-ma around mental health issues? It is going to be us as a society saying it is okay, we are here. The diseases aren’t stigmatized, like I said, so why are mental health issues stigmatized? To the men and women whose pain is yet to be known, I say to you I see you and I hear you. I acknowledge I may not feel what you are feeling, I may not feel your suffering, but I and others are here in the community offering our service and assistance in finding sup-port and comfort in one another. It is together that we will survive. It is to-gether that we survive as a nation. We need everybody involved in this. I urge anyone who is suffering to reach out to those around you and ask for help. This does not mean you are weak or deficient. Asking for help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.121 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5422 September 13, 2016 
often is the greatest sign of a warrior or of a leader, the enduring strength and perseverance you possess and that often so many times inspires others, so many times it inspires others often un-willing to reach out for help. Whether it is out of fear, embarrass-ment, or humiliation, just know we are here and we welcome you home. My en-couragement is that you call a local mental health clinic or your local VA or your Congress Member if you need to. We are here to help you. You are never alone. Your country depends on you, your spouse depends on you, your children depend on you, and we as a na-tion depend on you. I thank my colleague again, for the fourth year. I look forward to doing this with her next year so that when we report back, we are not at 22, we are not at 20, we are at 10. Ms. S
INEMA and I, this Congress, and our Nation can do that. God bless you. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Y
OHO. It has been an honor to continue working on this issue with him. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). We co-chair a task force together to combat identity theft and fraud, and it has been won-derful to work together on that issue. I am so grateful to continue working to-gether with him on the issue of mental health and preventing suicide for the brave veterans who serve our country. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ). I appreciate our working relationship on this issue and so many others. According to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, every day, as we know, and we hear it too often, 20 veterans take their lives. Mr. Speaker, this is simply unacceptable. In April, an Iowa veteran called the VA Veterans Crisis Line, the confiden-tial, toll-free hotline providing 24-hour support for our veterans seeking crisis assistance. This veteran was having a rough day. This veteran needed help. As the veteran sought the help he desperately needed, the phone kept ringing and ringing and ringing. He tried again. But the only answer was: ‘‘All circuits are busy. Try your call later.’’ This hotline designed to provide es-sential support for veterans and their families and friends let him down. This heartbreaking story is tragically true. It is not unique, though. Thankfully, this veteran was able to contact a friend who got him the help he was seeking. In 2014, a number of complaints about missed or unanswered calls, unrespon-sive staff, as well as inappropriate and delayed responses to veterans in crisis, prompted the VA Office of the Inspec-tor General and the Government Ac-countability Office to conduct an in-vestigation into the Veterans Crisis Line. Both investigations found gaps in the quality assurance process and provided a number of recommendations to ad-dress the quality, responsiveness, and performance of the Veterans Crisis Line and the mental health care pro-vided to our veterans. Despite promises by the VA to imple-ment changes to address problems fac-ing veterans who use this crisis line, these problems are still happening. They happened to constituents in the district I am privileged to represent, and they are, without a doubt, hap-pening in the districts of my col-leagues. Veterans deserve more. They deserve quality, effective mental health care. A veteran in need cannot wait for help. Any incident where a veteran has trou-ble with the Veterans Crisis Line is simply unacceptable. How did we let this go on? The Iowa veteran’s experience that Saturday evening in April has troubled me. His experience is why I have been working on a bill in a bipartisan man-ner which upholds the promises our country has made to our veterans. My bill, the bipartisan bill, the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act, H.R. 5392, requires the VA to create and implement docu-mented plans to improve responsive-ness and performance of the crisis line. It is an important step to ensure our veterans have access to the mental health resources they need and they deserve. The unacceptable fact is, while these quality standards should already be in place, they are not. They are not in place, and they should be. My bill does not duplicate existing standards or slow care for veterans. In-stead, my bipartisan bill puts in place requirements aligning with rec-ommendations made by government accountability organizations to im-prove the Veterans Crisis Line. My bill requires the VA to develop and implement a quality assurance process to address responsiveness and performance of the Veterans Crisis Line and backup call centers, and a timeline of when objectives will be reached. It also directs the VA to create a plan to ensure any communication to the Veterans Crisis Line or backup call center is answered in a timely manner, by a live person, and to document the improvements they make, providing those plans to Congress within 180 days of the enactment of this bill. We can-not wait any longer. We cannot wait any longer. b2000 Our bipartisan bill would help the VA deliver quality mental health care to veterans in need. Iowa veterans and all veterans have faced enormous pressures, mental and emotional war wounds, sacrificed per-sonal and professional gains, and expe-rienced dangerous conditions in service to our Nation. Many are returning home with post-traumatic stress dis-order and other unique needs which re-quire counseling and mental health support. We should thank them for their service, but thanking them is not enough. They deserve better. That is why I have introduced, with bipartisan support, this bill to honor and thank our veterans and let them know Amer-ica supports them. Our veterans an-swered our Nation’s call, and we shouldn’t leave them waiting on the line. I thank the leadership of my col-league, Ms. SINEMA of Arizona, for tak-ing the time to bring attention to this important issue, and all our other col-leagues here on both sides of the aisle. Ms. SINEMA. I thank Congressman Y
OUNG for joining us this evening. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take the time to yield to another speaker in this bipartisan Special Order hour, a col-league of mine who has served our country ably. Congressman D
OUGCOLLINS of Geor-gia served a combat tour in Iraq in 2008, and he currently serves as an Air Force Reserve chaplain. I am very grateful that he has taken the time to join us this evening to talk about the unfortunate continuing problem of vet-eran suicide and our work to provide mental health care for them in this country. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman C
OLLINS for being here. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I appreciate my colleague from Ari-zona (Ms. S
INEMA ) for doing this. It is really something that we need to high-light more. I am glad to be here tonight. I had forgotten that this was the night you were going to be here. I have some-thing that we are going to be talking about here in a little bit, but this is perfect timing for it because it is so important. The issues that we deal with and the seriousness of this topic is the stigma. And still being in the Air Force and looking at how the military has dealt with this issue is something that is frustrating for those of us who do it all the time. I was in the Navy for a short time. I got out for a little bit. I went back in the Air Force. And in my 15, 16 years in the military, we have been through, like, four different programs on how to help servicemembers with suicide. The bottom line is that we don’t need more courses. We need just more care for our airmen and our soldiers and our sailors, and looking at it from a per-spective of caring about the other per-son. It is not a course; it is caring. It is looking at signs and knowing that there are people who are out there hurting, but also taking an account of what I have heard many of the speak-ers tonight talk about, and that is the issue of mental health. My daughter, who I love dearly, has spina bifida. She cannot walk. She has not walked at all since birth. She is paralyzed from the waist down. If she was to roll in here tonight or to roll anywhere, one of the first things that we see so many times is that people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.123 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5423 September 13, 2016 
react with sympathy a little bit toward Jordan. She is in a wheelchair, and it is sort of natural. When you see some-body with a handicap or something that is not normal, Mr. Speaker, they react with sympathy. But my question is: What is the dif-ference in someone who has a visible need, if you would, and the reaction that we get when someone says, My mind is hurting? Sympathy doesn’t come many times then. We believe you can just shake it off and move on. Mental health is an issue that is not just shake off and move on. It is some-thing that, if someone comes to us and says, I am struggling, I am depressed, or I have these problems, that we reach out in loving kindness, just as we would to a sweet young lady who hap-pens to roll in life and not walk, my daughter. When we reach out in love, when we reach out in compassion, we begin to break the darkness of those who are contemplating suicide. In studies of those who have thought about suicide or attempted suicide, their question to them was: What was it like the moment that you were thinking about this or when you were struggling with it? I have heard so many people share their own personal feelings, but one person stuck out to me. They said that they felt like they were sort of in blinders on all sides and all they saw was, like, a billboard that said: You have no hope. That is all they saw. It is our job as human beings—not partisan, not Republican, Democrat, politician, nonpolitician—it is our job as human beings to look at each other as we say and believe that every life is a gift from God. And if every life, I be-lieve, is a gift from God, then every life has value. And no matter what the sit-uation may be, we are to respond in love. So tonight I thank the gentlewoman for taking this time, just a moment, as we share. There are a lot of bills, a lot of solutions, a lot of things that we could come to. But I think the greatest thing that we can have in a time when we think about suicide, we think about our veterans, we think about those in our lives who may be struggling with mental health and other problems, is to simply look for those what I call the unexpected times when you are ready to go do something and something interrupts you, what I call sometimes maybe the divine interruption. Those times when somebody that you haven’t thought about in a while comes to your mind, that time when a coworker or a friend comes to you and says: You know, I am not feeling right. Instead of rushing through our day and going to the next meeting and going to the next place, Mr. Speaker, maybe we just need to stop and say: How about a cup of coffee? How about a glass of water? How about I just sit here and let’s talk about it? Because when we can break the tunnel vision that there is no hope, if you can begin to chip at that tunnel, then the light will come in, and they will see that others care. To me, that is the greatest call of our humanity, is to show love for others. For one to take their own life be-cause they believe they are unloved is a situation that we all need to fight against, and I am thankful to have the opportunity to highlight that tonight. Ms. SINEMA. I thank Congressman C
OLLINS so much. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have left remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The gentlewoman from Arizona has 10 minutes remain-ing. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I need to tell a story about another young man in my district, Carl McLaughlin, a 38- year-old Army veteran who died from suicide on December 19, 2013. Carl had been stationed in Bosnia, and he was released from the Army on a medical discharge in 2004. Starting in 2006, Carl went to the Phoenix VA for treatment. But as time went on, it became increasingly dif-ficult for Carl to see his doctor. And according to his mom, Terry, at the time of his death, Carl was waiting to hear back from the Phoenix VA to have his medications adjusted and to see his doctor. He suffered from recurring pain caused by a shoulder injury, severe hearing loss, depression, and PTSD; and his depression worsened over time. Terry, Carl’s mom, told us, and I quote: The last time I saw Carl was a few days before his death. He looked really depressed, and I asked him if he had a doctor’s appointment scheduled be-cause I knew he had been waiting over 4 weeks for a call back from the doc-tor’s office. He said, No, he was still waiting. He called them the next day six times and left three messages and was put on hold, and then hung up on three times. This problem had been going on for at least 1 to 2 years, that I was aware of. Mr. Speaker, no veteran should be turned away when he or she reaches out for help. Terry asked us to share her son’s story in the hope that this tragedy doesn’t happen to another family. And I pledge to Terry and to Howard and Jean that we will continue working to hold the VA accountable and ensure that all veterans have access to the highest quality care. I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ). I thank the Congressman for being here. Mr. LOEBSACK. I thank my friend from Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I wasn’t going to speak tonight; but after listening to so many folks, I decided to say just a few words. I do want to leave most of the time left for my friend, Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsyl-vania, who has been a leader on the mental health front. But I do want to say a couple of things on this issue. Mental health is a really, really im-portant issue to me as it is to so many folks in this body and around the coun-try. I often talk about my mom. She was a single parent with an 11th grade edu-cation who struggled with mental ill-ness. Her whole adult life, she was in and out of institutions. This is per-sonal for me. My wife Terry and I, we have two Marine children. My stepson, Terry’s son, and his wife are Active Duty at Camp Pendleton. They have a couple of little kids. We do what we can to help them on that front. We had a recent suicide in Iowa City at the VA Medical Center, and we are struggling with how to deal with that as a community and I think as a coun-try overall. The Office of the Inspector General is now looking into the cir-cumstances of that suicide. On Sunday, on 9/11, we had an event that I was honored to attend in honor of Sergeant Ketchum and his family in an attempt to raise money so that we can deal with the issue of PTSD in the military. But it is a much broader issue, obviously—the issue of mental health—that affects all of our society in many, many ways; and Congressman MURPHY can speak to that probably as well as anybody in this body. But the bottom line for me, folks— and I have often said this—is that if I accomplish little else while I am in this body other than doing what I can to remove the stigma of mental health, that is going to be one of my accom-plishments. I am going to do that by talking about my personal story. I am going to do that by talking about vet-erans who have taken their own lives, folks who signed on the bottom line and were willing to make that ultimate sacrifice. There is no excuse for this. This should not happen in America. We have to find the resources on a bi-partisan basis to make sure that this never happens again to any of our vet-erans under any circumstances. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. I really appreciate the opportunity to say a few words. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congressman so much. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) who is a psy-chologist, serves the Navy, and helps veterans at Walter Reed and other lo-cations. Congressman M
URPHY , we have been talking about your bill this evening, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, of which we are all strongly supportive. As a cosponsor, I thank you for that work, and thank you for join-ing us this evening. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, how much time is left? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Arizona has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her Special Order tonight. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.124 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5424 September 13, 2016 
The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis bill is something the House passed 422–2, and I sure hope the Senate takes it up. I keep hearing they may think they don’t have time. But I don’t know how we tell a family that has lost someone to suicide—whether it be a civilian or a soldier—that the Sen-ate didn’t have time and they went home. Since September 1, the first day of National Suicide Prevention Month, so far this month, 1,416 Americans have died by suicide, including 240 veterans. That is 118 people a day, 22 veterans a day. That also means that every 12 minutes, a person dies by suicide; one veteran every hour. That also means that every hour, a new family is griev-ing, or every 13 minutes, a new family is grieving on something we hope we could have prevented. And certainly H.R. 2646 will have many things in there to prevent many deaths. I want to read a story about one vet-eran to convey the struggle he had. This is Sergeant Daniel Somers who bravely served under Operation Iraqi Freedom. When he returned home, he had PTSD pretty significantly and de-pression and traumatic brain injury. He was 30 years old. His parents gave me permission to share his letter where he said: ‘‘I am sorry that it has come to this. ‘‘The fact is, for as long as I can re-member, my motivation for getting up every day has been so that you would not have to bury me. As things have continued to get worse, it has become clear that this alone is not a sufficient reason to carry on. The fact is, I am not getting better, I am not going to get better, and I will most certainly de-teriorate further as time goes on. From a logical standpoint, it is better to sim-ply end things quickly and let any re-percussions from that play out in the short term than to drag things out into the long term. . . . My body has be-come nothing but a cage, a source of pain and constant problems. . . . It is nothing short of torture. My mind is a wasteland, filled with visions of incred-ible horror, unceasing depression, and crippling anxiety.’’ Daniel couldn’t get help, so he lost hope. It doesn’t have to be that way. Whether you are a citizen or a family member or a soldier listening tonight, Mr. Speaker, I want them to know there is hope that depression is some-thing we can treat, that anxiety is something we can treat, that people can and do get better. Now, I, myself, have never seen the horrors of war through the scope of a combat rifle. I have had the oppor-tunity to treat heroes at Walter Reed at the PTSD/TBI unit. They are a source of inspiration to me, particu-larly when I see them get better, when they come to grips with the horrors they have faced and somehow their heart turns to understand it is not their fault. They are not to blame. Life is sometimes torturous, but there are tremendous positives that can come out of this when they come to grips with that, whether it is a sense of faith in God that has brought them to that level or just finally realizing that they have a choice between being a victim forever and always lying under the giant boulder of remorse and depres-sion or becoming a survivor and mov-ing forward and being strong despite what happened to them. Or a third choice is to become a thriver, saying, I will take my adversity and turn it into a source of strength instead of turning away from it and letting it be a source of depression. b2015 Mr. Speaker, my colleagues have spo-ken eloquently tonight about what we can do. It doesn’t have to be that bad. So where there is a family member dealing with someone’s depression and worry and anxiety or whatever the issue is, I would like to convey to them there are places they can get help. Our job as Congressmen—and our lev-els of State government, too—is to make sure those sources are well fund-ed, to make sure we have more psychi-atrists, more psychologists, more psy-chiatric social workers, more hospital beds, and more veterans affairs depart-ments that can treat them. Perhaps the best message we can give people tonight is: where there is help, there is hope. I hope the Senate passes this bill be-fore this week is out. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues who joined us this evening. Our thoughts are with all the families who have lost a loved one to suicide. Our efforts to end veterans suicide will not end this month. We are com-mitted to continuing this fight to en-sure that our veterans always know they have a place to turn. We, who enjoy freedom every day thanks to the sacrifices of our military servicemen and servicewomen, must all step up to end the epidemic of veterans suicide. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, our Armed Forces sacrifice everything for us: their bodies, their minds and sometimes, their lives. To those who return, they far too often suf-fer in silence from the mental and physical wounds they endure in battle. Many times, that isolation leads to tragic outcomes. As we commemorate Suicide Prevention Month, it is important that we focus on solving the challenges that lead many of our veterans to make the choice to take their own lives. The numbers are staggering: 7400 veterans took their own lives in 2014, roughly 20 indi-viduals a day. The suicide rate among veterans has surged 35 percent since the beginning of the War on Terror, and 85 percent among our women veterans. A veteran is 21 percent more likely to com-mit suicide than a civilian. Mr. Speaker, we know the effects of PTSD on our servicemen and women; how almost one-fifth of veterans suffer from PTSD and how the illness is linked to increased suicidal behavior. What is most troubling is that almost half of the veterans with PTSD do not seek treatment from the VA. It is no surprise that 70 percent of veterans who commit suicide are not regular users of VA services. It is our obligation to ensure that we engage our veterans and let them know there is help available. It is also incumbent on us to ensure this care is responsive to their individual needs. Last year, we passed the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act in honor of Marine Clay Hunt, a sufferer of PTSD who had trouble seeing a VA psychiatrist and tragically, took his own life. This law is designed to save the lives of those like Clay by improving access to quality mental health care and coordinating VA sui-cide prevention efforts with private mental health organizations. In the spirit of that law, I was happy to learn of the efforts of the VA Medical Center in Loma Linda, California, which serves thou-sands of veterans from my congressional dis-trict. They are rolling out a pilot program that will integrate with community mental health pro-viders in an attempt to reach the more than 170,000 veterans not registered with the Loma Linda VA. Their example is encouraging, but funding is needed to make certain that no veteran is left behind. In that same vein, Congress must fulfill our obligation to VA services such as the Veterans Crisis Line. The Crisis Line has serviced some 2.3 mil-lion people and is credited with saving more than 50,000 lives. However, it has struggled to keep pace with increasing demand. It was disheartening to hear that there are individuals who have called the Crisis Line only to be placed on hold, or have their calls transferred to voicemail, or simply unan-swered. We must provide the VA with the tools to adequately staff the call center and train their employees. Too much is at stake for Congress to shortchange this commitment. Mr. Speaker, everyone in this chamber hon-ors and respects the sacrifices of the world’s greatest fighting force. Our servicemen and women defend our freedoms and protect our homeland at great personal cost. When they return home, they deserve a na-tion that will look after them the way they look after us. I ask that my colleagues hold stead-fast in reaffirming our commitment to our vet-erans. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Suicide Preven-tion Month and to honor those of our veterans who tragically took their own lives after bravely fighting to protect ours. These courageous men and women fought valiantly so the rest of us could enjoy the free-doms and liberties secured by our forefathers. We must honor their dedication and sacrifice by supporting them through the physical, emo-tional, and psychological challenges they face upon returning home. One veteran committing suicide is one too many, and with an estimated twenty veterans committing suicide each day, we must do bet-ter and ensure that our actions mirror the un-wavering gratitude we feel in our hearts. We must ensure they are welcomed home with the respect, dignity and support they deserve, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.125 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5425 September 13, 2016 
and that we address the mental health issues of each veterans population with careful con-sideration to their unique needs. It is with a heavy heart that I recognize Sui-cide Prevention Month and urge every Mem-ber of Congress to honor our veterans with actions that reflect our nation’s eternal grati-tude for their service. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark Suicide Prevention Month and to join with my colleagues in helping to raise awareness of—and combat—the stag-gering rate of suicide among our veteran pop-ulation. The men and women of our military make tremendous, selfless sacrifices on behalf of each and every American. As a result, many veterans return from service with physical and/ or invisible wounds and a disturbingly high number are taking their own lives. In July, the VA released the most com-prehensive study analyzing suicide among our veteran population to date, reviewing 55 mil-lion veterans’ records since 1979. It showed that every day an estimated 20 veterans com-mit suicide. This number is tragic beyond words, unacceptable and numbing. Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of what can only be described as a staggering mental health crisis costing the lives of 20 of our na-tion’s heroes every day. Too many veterans are being left behind and too many families are left with the pain and anguish of losing a loved one. Often times, family members wit-ness the veteran struggling but the VA refuses to take their observations into account. As the son of a WW2 combat veteran, I have witnessed the residual wounds of war, the struggle to cope with the post-traumatic stress that can continue for decades and the pain that a lack of access to services can cause for veterans and their families. This Congress, we have passed legislation to give the VA additional tools and give vet-erans key support, including the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act (P.L. 114–2), which targeted the gaps in the VA’s mental health and suicide prevention ef-forts; and the Female Veteran Suicide Preven-tion Act (P.L. 114–188), which is intended to prod the VA to take into account the complex causes and factors that are driving the dis-proportionately high suicide rate among women veterans and use that information when designing suicide prevention programs. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act (P.L. 114–198) included provisions to direct the VA to take several actions to ex-pand opioid safety initiatives that help prevent veterans from becoming opioid abusers. As a recent Frontline investigation entitled ‘‘Chasing Heroin’’ summarized: ‘‘Veterans face a double- edged threat: Untreated chronic pain can in-crease the risk of suicide, but poorly managed opioid regimens can also be fatal.’’ The VA must do better: they cannot simply dole out drugs, as we saw in Tomah. It is a dereliction of duty for VA medical staff charged with the sacred task of caring for our nation’s veterans and this law will help ensure proper management and controls are in place when the VA treats a veteran’s chronic pain. The VA does have a number of suicide pre-vention programs that can be a resource for veterans, servicemembers, their families and loved ones, including and especially the Vet-erans Crisis Hotline. Any veteran in danger of self-harm or suicide can call, 24 hours a day. It is anonymous and confidential. It is staffed by trained professionals who will ‘‘work with you to reduce the immediate risk, help you get through the crisis, make sure you are safe, and help you to connect with the right serv-ices.’’ We have an obligation to repay the debt we owe to those who have fought in defense of our nation and a sacred duty to ensure that we do everything in our power to get our vets the physical and psychological support they need. This year’s Suicide Prevention Month theme is ‘Be There.’ During the darkest hours in our history, the men and women who serve in uni-form have always been there to answer the call. We can and must do better to be there for them. 
f 
COMMUNITY PHARMACISTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, before I begin, I ask unanimous con-sent that all Members have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, well, we are back at it tonight. We are going to be going at a subject that I have been down here before on and will continue to come down here on until, frankly, I believe that we are moving forward with this issue that af-fects pretty much every hometown of every Congressman here. It is amazing, though, how much we don’t know about it. It is amazing how much it goes unreported and how much it gets looked over. In the sake of the shiny object of sav-ings, our community pharmacists, our independent pharmacists, are being ba-sically run out of business. Mr. Speak-er, I don’t tell you anything new. For my friends who will join me here tonight, this is about hometown Amer-ica. This is about the healthcare chain that we all talk about. And a forgotten element of that healthcare chain is something that we need to focus on. Community pharmacists fill an im-portant niche in our healthcare sys-tem, serving as the primary healthcare provider for over 62 million Americans. They dispense roughly 40 percent of the prescriptions nationwide and a higher percentage in rural areas, especially mine in northeast Georgia. Community pharmacists play such an important role in our healthcare system by being that accessible voice at the other end of the phone or at the counter, just being there sometimes to answer those simple questions that are very important to somebody, or to an-swer the difficult questions that could, frankly, mean the life or death for that patient, knowing how to take their medication, knowing what to get and how to be there and be a part of the community, not just at the pharmacy, but at the ball fields and the commu-nity. Some of the best small business employees that we have in our commu-nities are found in our community pharmacies. When we look at the relationship that communities have with their pharmacies, and especially our commu-nity pharmacists, the face-to-face counseling and the work that goes into our community pharmacies, and phar-macists mainly in general, is some-thing that we need to continue to focus on. Patients’ failure to properly take their medication regimen costs the healthcare system nearly $300 billion and contributes to 125,000 deaths each year. The face-to-face counseling that our community pharmacists give is the most important and the most effective way for ensuring that our patients take the right medicine, know what they are taking, and why they take it. Yet, as I stated before and state here again on the floor tonight, there is a group that believes that our commu-nity pharmacists—really frankly if you just look at it—shouldn’t exist. Be-cause everything they are doing, the pharmacy benefit manager, the PBM, that middle person—I want to show you this. We are going to talk about this chart more here as we go—but the PBMs control the pharmacy system right now. In fact, if you just take the PPM here in the middle and you look at employers and you look at patients and you look at the pharmaceutical companies and you look at the phar-macies, they sort of circle around here. We are going to talk about this ‘‘sav-ings issue’’ and look at it and ask: Is it actually saving employers? Is it actu-ally helping pharmaceutical companies get out products? More importantly, is it actually helping the patient? I think tonight you are going to find out that there are a lot of questions to be had here. We will talk about that as we go forward. As we look at this, we have a lot of things that my friends tonight are here to talk about. We are going to talk about MAC transparency. We are going to talk about generics. We are going to talk about the way this goes, but we are also going to talk about really what I believe is the unfair tactics used by PBMs that are constantly forcing our pharmacies and our community pharmacists out of business. I think, at some point in time, many of the PBMs ought to change their mis-sion in life into ‘‘saving’’ or being a part of the pharmaceutical system and say: our job is to run community phar-macists out of a job. They are the best I have ever seen at doing that. In one of my small towns just 20 min-utes from my house, in the past year, three community pharmacies have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.049 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5426 September 13, 2016 
closed. Three. They are now in a small-er town being forced into choices they didn’t want to have to make, into PBM-controlled pharmacies. You see, PBMs, when they first start-ed, had a good idea: How do we make sure that we get drugs and medications to pharmacies at a cheaper price so that the patients at the end save money and employers can save money? Then PBMs decided that they wanted to be a part of all the system. They wanted to start owning pharmacies. They wanted to start owning the sup-ply chain. They wanted to start being a part of it all. And when they did that then everybody else was competition. I have said it before from here: The problems that we have—and Georgia pharmacists have talked about it, and we have talked about it as well—is when you have your competitors who are able to come in and audit you and they are able to fine you for clerical er-rors and keep you out of systems and out of payments and things that they give their own pharmacies, that is just wrong. It is wrong when they only come in and audit the name brands and leave the generics behind. For some of you, if you are watching, if you are thinking about it and hear-ing my voice for the first time, you are maybe saying: Well, that is okay. They are making sure systems are safe. PBMs are not auditing pharmacies to make sure they are safe. They are au-diting pharmacies to make money be-cause they are going to withhold the cost of the drug from the pharmacist. In other words, if they make a clerical error and the drug costs $100, let’s just say, they don’t take their profit. They don’t take the margin. They take the entire $100 back. I wish I had a racket set up that good. The sad part about that whole state-ment there is, at the end of the day, Joe or Suzy or Bob or Bill or whoever came and got their prescription knew nothing about this ‘‘error.’’ All they knew is the pharmacist filled the pre-scription that the doctor had ordered, and they went home and took their medicine and got better. Yet, on this other end, PBMs are try-ing to destroy an industry and a group of people who mean so much to our communities. So tonight we are going to talk about it. We are going to talk about it some more, and we are going to keep bringing attention to this until the light is fully shined on this. Tonight, as we get ready to talk about it, a gentleman who has been such a friend to us as we have been doing these, Representative L
OEBSACK , is here tonight. It is good to share the stage again with him because this is something that needs to be discussed. It needs to be hammered home until every Member of the House and Senate understand this and we find a workable solution. I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ). Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for inviting me to join him in leading this Special Order. I have been in this job long enough to know there are people you don’t want to follow when you speak, and D
OUG C
OLLINS is one of those. The guy is ab-solutely inspired, but he is inspired for a lot of reasons. He has been a strong leader on phar-macy issues. He has been a great part-ner on the bills that we will discuss this evening. I am proud to say this is a bipartisan issue. Although, at the moment, I am the only Democrat over here, I can assure you there are others who are with us on this issue. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Well, bring them on. I yield to the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, we have been able to find a consensus on this, too, among this bipartisan group of folks. As my good friend said: Pharmacists across the country serve as the first line, really, of healthcare services for many patients, especially in small towns in Iowa and around the country. People count on pharmacists’ training and expertise to stay healthy and in-formed and maybe, most importantly, to stay out of urgent care centers and hospitals, something we all want to see happen. I am proud to stand here today with my colleagues to recognize the quality, affordable, and personal care that phar-macists provide every day. Community pharmacists and their pharmacies are also a great source of economic growth in rural communities, like those in my district in Iowa. I have 24 counties. It is a big area. And when a pharmacy is under pressure economically, the community knows it and hears about it. And if they have to close, the community suffers as a re-sult. As a member of the Small Business Caucus, I recognize how challenging it can be for some small pharmacists to compete with bigger companies. I ap-preciate their hard work to serve our communities every day. Like most small-business owners, community pharmacists face many challenges to compete and negotiate on a day-to-day basis with large entities in their business transactions. I fre-quently visit with community phar-macists in my district, and I have heard directly from them how hard they have to fight to compete on a level playing field that isn’t always level for smaller pharmacies. So it is not really a level playing field. One pressing challenge facing many community pharmacists, as was al-ready mentioned, is the ambiguity and the uncertainty surrounding the reim-bursement of generic drugs. Of all things, it is the reimbursement of ge-neric drugs. Generic prescription drugs account for the vast majority of drugs dis-pensed by pharmacists, making trans-parency in reimbursement absolutely critical to the financial health of small pharmacies. However, pharmacists are reimbursed for generic drugs through maximum allowable cost, or MAC, a price list that outlines the upper limit or the maximum amount that an insur-ance plan will pay for a generic drug. And these lists are created, as was mentioned, by none other than the pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, the drug middlemen, if you will. The methodology used to create these lists is not disclosed. Further, these lists are not updated on a regular basis, resulting in pharmacists being reimbursed below what it costs them actually to acquire the drugs. This is a major problem because, when PBMs aren’t keeping the cost of generic drugs consistent, those price differentials can be a serious financial burden for phar-macies. Small pharmacy owners face even greater disadvantages than their larger counterparts because of the clear lack of leverage they have when negotiating the amount they will be reimbursed for filling prescriptions when dealing with the PBMs. When we talk about pharmacies clos-ing because they can’t keep up with the financial challenge, we are talking about the creation of an access prob-lem also that directly affects patients. It is not just the pharmacies them-selves closing down and those folks los-ing their jobs. It is the patients they serve. When we talk about reimbursement uncertainty for pharmacies, we are talking about uncertainty about pa-tients’ ability to get the medications they need at an affordable price. When we talked about a community pharmacist being put out of work, we are talking about taking away a famil-iar face that local folks trust with their healthcare concerns. To address this problem—and Rep-resentative C
OLLINS is going to talk about this, and others are—I partnered with him to introduce H.R. 244, the MAC Transparency Act. We have had actions along this line in the State of Iowa as well. We can do it at the Fed-eral level if we can do it at the State level. This bipartisan bill would ensure Federal health plan reimbursements to pharmacies to keep pace with generic drug prices, which can skyrocket over-night. So specifically—and I know Mr. C
OL-
LINS is going to talk about this—it will do three things. It will provide pricing updates at least once every 7 days. It will force disclosure of the sources used to update the maximum allowable cost, or MAC, prices. Again, it is about transparency. It will require PBMs to notify pharmacies of any changes in in-dividual drug prices before these prices can be used as the basis for reimburse-ment. This is a commonsense bill, folks. It is about access. It is about making sure folks have access to their pharma-ceuticals, to their drugs, and generic drugs in particular. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.127 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5427 September 13, 2016 
Another issue I would like to high-light is the problem of direct and indi-rect remuneration, or DIR fees. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, originally coined DIR fees as a means of assessing the impact on Medicare part D medication costs of drug rebates and other price adjust-ments applied to prescription drug plans. However, DIR fees have increased greatly over the last year on phar-macies, and, if the pharmacy agrees to enter into a contract with a PBM or part D plan sponsor, it does not seem fair that these mediators can reduce the reimbursement rate since the con-tract has already been agreed to. b2030 This gets a little bit complicated. I know other Members are going to be talking about this later on as well. There is just basically no transparency regarding how the fees are calculated. There is another bill that I have signed on to. I applaud my colleagues, Representative M
ORGAN GRIFFITH , a Republican, and P
ETER WELCH , a Demo-crat, for introducing the Improving Transparency and Accuracy in Medi-care Part D Spending Act. It would prohibit PBMs and plan sponsors who own PBMs from retroactively reducing reimbursement on clean claims sub-mitted by pharmacies after the con-tract has been submitted. This is a scam, and it shouldn’t be happening. I urge everyone, leadership, to bring this to us and everyone to vote for this bill and for our other bill. I want to thank, again, Mr. C
OLLINS  and the other Members who have been here tonight. It is a great opportunity for me to participate and highlight some problems that our community pharmacists are facing and then, ulti-mately, their patients, the folks they serve as well. Those are the folks we are trying to look out for as best we can and trying to serve while we are here in this Congress. I thank Mr. C
OL-
LINS very much. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Madam Speaker, Mr. L
OEBSACK hit it. That last little part right there was dead-on. This is about the patient. This is about serving that patient who is used to that trust and faith, who understands it, and also really a part of that healthcare system that has been pro-vided a long time that is now at risk of going away. It is not too strong to say that if we do not look at this—and some say, well, this is a free market, let them go contract. Government is one of the big-gest payers of this, and this is some-thing we have got to get at. In fact, something Mr. L
OEBSACK  brought up as I was listening to him talk, there was a study, TRICARE, in fact. In just a moment, I am going to introduce Mr. S
COTT here. He is from Georgia. He is on the Committee on Armed Services. He is a friend. But TRICARE did a study where it found that, if it eliminated PBMs from the TRICARE program, it would save roughly $1.3 billion per year. We are up here arguing about problems in our budget, and we could save this much money? No, this is about profits. This is about consolidation. This is about vertical integration. This is about tak-ing control of a market in which three to four companies control 83 percent of the market. We are not talking about a small little startup. Mr. LOEBSACK is right on, dead-on. I thank him so much for the work that he is doing, and I ap-preciate it. In light of that, especially dealing with TRICARE, again, the bottom-line issue here is how we cost-effectively provide services to those members in our communities who need it the most. And this issue of savings, I know there is a Texas study that also showed if they went away, they would save money as well, in the millions of dol-lars. It is building, but we have just got to keep pointing it out. I yield to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), my friend, my longtime colleague not only in the House in Georgia, but the House up here, and fighting for the very values we find in Georgia and all across the country. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I want to thank Mr. C
OLLINS and I want to thank my col-league from Iowa. This is a bipartisan issue. Before I speak on behalf of the com-munity pharmacists, I want to just take a second and speak on behalf of the taxpayers, the hardworking men and women in this country. Free markets are transparent mar-kets, and if we had transparency in the system, we probably wouldn’t be here today because the American public wouldn’t stand for what is going on. Unfortunately, we haven’t seen any news reports or any reporting to in-form the public of all of the things that have happened over the last couple of years, but we saw it on the EpiPen just a couple of weeks ago. You saw what happens when the press reports, the public finds out what is going on: pres-sure is put on, and then a response comes—maybe not the response that would have been what we would call eq-uitable for the patients that need the treatment, but at least a response came. It is not just EpiPens, though. It is not just multihundred-dollar drugs and multithousand-dollar drugs. When we talk about drugs as simple as nitro-glycerin tablets, again, you, as the tax-payer, are the largest purchaser of this through the government. Nitroglycerin tablets have gone from 5 cents apiece to $5 apiece. Doxycycline tablets, an antibiotic that has been on the market for many, many years—again, another generic drug. It has gone from pennies apiece to dollars apiece. I know my colleague, B
UDDY CARTER , could probably name more drugs for you than I can where we have seen those same type of hundredfold in-creases in the price of drugs. I can tell you that the hardworking taxpayers of this country, in the end, pay that bill. One of the best things that we can do for you is make sure that we are trying to shed light on and bring transparency to this system and to make sure that we are keeping that small-business owner in business so that we are able to get the information that we need to do a better job for you from them. That is where our Nation’s community phar-macists come in. I know for me, I walk into my local pharmacist, and they can tell me right offhand what the most egregious price increases were of the past week, and they are happening every single week, ladies and gentlemen. These inde-pendent businesses operate in under-served rural areas, like many of the counties that I represent in Georgia’s Eighth District. Access to care is already an issue in these areas, and it would certainly be much worse if our community phar-macies didn’t exist. In these areas, doc-tors are many miles away. Local phar-macists deliver the flu shots. They give advice on everything from over-the- counter drugs to drug interdictions, and if you have got a sick child, most of them will meet you at the store after hours to help your child get the medication that they need. Try that with somebody who is not a small-busi-ness owner. It is crucial that these pharmacies have a level playing field to stay in business against large-scale competi-tors and the middlemen, if you will, the pharmacy benefit managers, when trying to run a successful business in such a challenging and complex envi-ronment as the U.S. healthcare system. Where I am from, these local phar-macists are fixtures in their commu-nities. They have known their cus-tomers most of their lives, and it in-stills a level of trust in those patients that is rarely seen in today’s day and time. I have made some stops at these local community pharmacies: some to get my own prescriptions filled, some to see how things are going with the small-business owners, some to see how other things are going in the commu-nity. I never fail to appreciate the unique value that the men and women that work in these local pharmacies add to their customers’ lives and to our communities. Unfortunately, on these visits, I am also troubled because I continue to learn, as I have mentioned before, just how much more difficult it is becoming for those men and women to serve the people who have depended on them for years and to compete with some of the larger entities in the healthcare mar-ketplace. Imagine a situation where your com-petitor’s company gets to come in and audit your books. That is exactly what happens. That is exactly what happens when one of the big-box retailers who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.128 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5428 September 13, 2016 
owns a PBM goes in and audits the local community pharmacy. Take, for example, one of the other problems that we have: the increased prevalence of preferred networks in Medicare part D plans. Currently, many Medicare beneficiaries are effec-tively told by pharmacy benefit man-agers, or PBMs, which pharmacy to use based on exclusionary agreements be-tween those PBMs and, for the most part, big-box pharmacies. Most people don’t recognize that the big-box owns the PBM. Patients pay for this. They pay for this in lower cus-tomer service and higher copays. When their pharmacy of choice is excluded from the preferred network, it creates undue stress on the patients and forces them to do business where they may not want to do business. The majority of the time, your local pharmacy is never given the opportunity to partici-pate in the network. That is an unfair business practice. Another issue I often hear about from community pharmacies is the burdensome DIR fees. We as Ameri-cans, we pretty much assume that when you go in and you buy something and you leave with what you pay for that the transaction is over. But with medicine at your local pharmacy, it is a lot different. That transaction is any-thing but clear and simple for the phar-macist. Pharmacy benefit managers use so- called DIR fees to claw back money from pharmacies on individual claims long after the claim has been resolved. It can be a typographical error and the pharmacy benefit manager will call back 100 percent of what was paid to the pharmacist. That means the phar-macy doesn’t know the final reim-bursement amount they will receive for a claim for weeks or even months; and even more so, they are not even reim-bursed for the wholesale cost of the drugs that they dispense. In 2014, CMS issued proposed guidance that would provide some relief to our pharmacies struggling to deal with the increasing and opaque DIR fees imposed on them. As I said, anyone who runs a business knows you can’t operate when you don’t know what your costs are or what your reimbursements are. That is why I have led over 30 of my colleagues in sending two separate letters to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services urging them to move forward and finalize proposed guidance on this issue. Unfortunately, they have yet to move on that guidance. I and, I know, many of my col-leagues, in a bipartisan manner, are going to continue to advocate for CMS to use their authority to ensure a level playing field for all Medicare part D participants. When competition is sti-fled and our small businesses suffer, so do the customers of our local commu-nity pharmacies. I hope the commit-tees of jurisdiction will consider these bipartisan bills. Madam Speaker, I want to thank you for your time. I want to thank Mr. C
OL-LINS for hosting this Special Order today. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman S
COTT. He has highlighted a lot of things, and I think it is something that just mat-ters. Sometimes we go through a lot of the big pictures up here, and we see a lot of issues, but this is one that mat-ters to hometown. This is Main Street USA. This is something that goes on. Especially for districts like mine and for many others in rural communities, the pharmacy, especially the inde-pendent community pharmacies, are the lifeblood in these communities I have said this before, and I have had this asked of me because we have been doing this a while. Let’s make it very clear. Pharmacists, I love. I don’t care who they work for. Pharmacists are great folks, whether they work in a big-box store or they work for a major chain or they are independent and own their own business. Pharmacists want to help people. That is why they went into it to start with. I think what we are fighting here is a system. I have talked to many phar-macy students who are now saying they are not sure they want to go into this or they are very concerned about their futures because they are looking at the abusive policies of PBMs, and they are saying: I don’t want to follow in my mom or dad’s footsteps; I don’t want to follow and open up a storefront and hire people because I can’t make it this way. And they end up being forced in. I want to talk a little bit—we have been vague about this, but I am not going to be vague here for the next lit-tle bit. I am going to talk about PBMs and this regular auditing of commu-nity pharmacists to recruit large reim-bursements. Let me go back over this. There is nothing wrong with audits performed with the intention of uncov-ering abuse; however, PBMs’ auditing has another motivation. Pharmacists have told me that the most expensive prescriptions are always the target during the audit—always. PBMs used to audit only the most ex-pensive medications looking for cler-ical errors like typos, misspelled names or addresses, or, better yet, as I just heard recently from one of my pharmacists, in which they dinged one of my pharmacists because the doctor wrote a specific amount for an eye medication—the doctor. Let’s make this very clear now. I know Represent-ative C
ARTER is probably going to get into this a little bit more, but the doc-tor himself wrote the prescription. The prescription goes to the pharmacist. The pharmacist filled the prescription as the doctor said. But when the PBM auditor got there, they said: No, you are not supposed to use that amount. Use this amount. I want to know what medical school this auditor went to. I want to know when they decided to start practicing medicine without a license where they can come in and say amounts. I can un-derstand swerving to a generic over a name brand or a name brand over a ge-neric. That is within sort of what we have become used to. But when they can actually go in and ding one of our pharmacists for amounts that the doc-tor said, we have got a system that is a little bit abusive. Well, let me re-phrase that. It is downright corrupt. They go in and they do these audits. They find these clerical errors. And when they do this, they take back, they recoup, all the funding paid for that prescription. Like I said earlier, they don’t take back just the profit. They don’t take back the cost. They take back everything. These audits are not intended to end Medicare fraud. The PBMs use them to take taxpayer funds and claim them as profits. If a pharmacist checked the box that said send by fax instead of send by email, the PBM is able to re-claim the entire cost of the drug. They don’t just take back the copay or the pharmacist’s profit. Again, I just want you to understand how crazy this is. But, you see, instead of looking and having their time and effort of audits that could be better spent helping local pharmacists do what they do best, they are having to look over this all the time, focusing on improved quality for their patients. b2045 The PBMs, frankly, have shown over the last little bit that they are not in-terested in the well-being of the pa-tient. They are interested in that other P word, profit, not patient. It is really concerning, and this is what has happened. In the interest of that profit, the PBMs have engaged in anticompetitive business practices. Certain PBMs own or have ownership stakes in the very pharmacies they are negotiating to lower drug prices with. When a PBM is owned by the entity it is supposed to be bargaining with, there is an inherent conflict of inter-est. This can lead to fraud, deception, anticompetitive conduct, and higher prices. Here is a great one. I love this. Many large PBMs own their own mail order pharmacy and financially penalize pa-tients that use their community phar-macist instead of the PBM-owned one. PBMs try to drive customers from community pharmacies into the mail order firms, arguing it saves consumers and drug plans money. However, a study by the Taxpayers Protection Alliance highlighted waste, fraud, and abuse within the mail order system run by the PBMs. The TPA study noted that 90 percent of patients were moved to mail order due to en-couragement or mandate from a PBM. According to Medicare data, PBM- owned pharmacies may charge as much as 83 percent more to fill prescriptions than community pharmacists. PBM’s practices limit consumer choice, in-crease drug prices by engaging in vertical integration in their ownership of mail order pharmacies, killing com-petition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.130 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5429 September 13, 2016 
And here was one that was classic. I walked into one of my smaller towns. It had a pharmacist. And the phar-macist said: I got in trouble. I got a letter. They showed me the letter. They de-livered some medicine to some of their customers. They get a letter from the PBM saying, You are not in the mail order business. And they actually were going to have their contract threat-ened if they sent these people their drugs. Representative C
ARTER is going to talk in a minute. I just want to break for a second. But that is unbelievable that they actually will get on the phar-macies and say: You can’t reach out, you can’t contact your customer to tell them that they can be a part of the plan. One of my pharmacists actually was left off of a plan that they were actu-ally on. The PBM sent a letter to all his customers saying that they are not a part of the plan, when, in actuality, he was. And then, when confronted, they refused to send a letter out to the customers saying: We are wrong. Just briefly, am I highlighting some-thing that is uncommon? Or is that a common practice? Mr. CARTER of Georgia. No. It is. As the gentleman states, it is a very com-mon practice. And you know, it is downright unAmerican. Small businesses are the backbone of our economy here in America. When you do not allow a small business to participate, even if they are willing to take the reimbursement that an insur-ance company is offering, but that in-surance company, nevertheless, will not let them participate, that, in my opinion, is unAmerican. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. You have hit something. You have led into a great example. This is highlight. And if there are problems, let’s fix them. You hit on that issue. We have heard of DIR fees tonight. We have heard about reimbursements. Let me leave you an example from a little company called Humana. I had a pharmacist call me about pro-posed amendments to their Pharmacy Provider Agreement. Humana decided to withhold $5 per prescription from initial reimbursements to the phar-macy. Now, you understand what is happening. They are withholding $5 of what they should be sending to the pharmacy. The return of the reim-bursements was conditional on the pharmacy meeting certain patient ad-herence metrics. This is essentially a fee conditional on meeting certain per-formance standards, and Humana would withhold reimbursements from poorly performing pharmacies. That sounds good, doesn’t it? It has got a great twang to it. Some-body in the marketing office there thought, This is going to be pretty cool. It sounds so good, but let’s talk about it. Humana’s criteria, however, had lit-tle to do with patient care and more with driving community pharmacists out of the market. Many of the metrics used, including patient adherence, are beyond the control of the pharmacist. Humana’s amendment unduly bur-dens small pharmacists and protects large chain pharmacies, many of which they own. Humana enlisted their actu-aries to ensure this formula guarantees they will retain 60 percent of the with-held reimbursement moneys, most of it coming from community pharmacists. Pharmacists in the 80th percentile and up in each category would receive $2 per category. If a pharmacy meets expectations in all three categories, they will earn $6—a $1 profit per pre-scription. Now, remember, this is what was already withheld from them. Phar-macists below the 80th percentile would receive .67, or 67 cents; and below the 50 percent percentile would receive none of the reimbursement that they withheld. This is a reimbursement that is supposed to go back to the pharmacy. They are not getting any of it. Many of the community phar-macists often can’t afford to lose this additional 33 cents to $5 for every pre-scription they fill. Only big box phar-macies really have that ability. Humana also favors big box phar-macies by allowing the number of pa-tients to serve as a function of a tiebreaker. This amazed me. For exam-ple, a community pharmacist and a big box pharmacist might both have 100 percent adherence to certain perform-ance measures. However, if the big box pharmacy served more patients than the community pharmacist, it will achieve a higher percentile score than the community pharmacy. Humana disproportionately favors large chain pharmacies at the small pharmacies’ expense. Certain phar-macies have enough patients to mini-mize the effects of patient nonadher-ence to their ratings. At independent community pharmacies, one patient’s nonadherence could cost pharmacies thousands of dollars by moving a phar-macy from the top bracket to one below. If somebody were listening to us, Representative C
ARTER , they would say we were making this up. We are not. I have been doing this now for well over a year—almost 2 years now. I have never been challenged on these facts. They don’t like it. And they are listen-ing probably right now, saying: What can we do to go settle this down? But it is just not right when they look at these things and they see sav-ings in the State governments. It is like they are saying: Look at the shiny object over here. Don’t face reality. This one is just amazing to me. When you are taking money that should go back to the pharmacist and putting them on this metric scale that they can’t compete on; or you are taking their customers, but won’t allow the pharmacist to reach out, these are the kinds of things that just really, really are amazing to me. I wrote a letter with the gentleman urging CMS Acting Administrator Slavitt to review Humana’s proposed amendments for their part D Pharmacy Provider Agreement. This is just some-thing that has got to change as we go forward. There is nobody that knows that any better than Representative CARTER , knowing the situation. I have said this all along. I do this because I have been helped so much by community phar-macists and believe when wrong is wrong, you call it. When you can, try and make it right. You have lived this. And you con-tinue, by your service on the Georgia legislature and up here, to help us con-tinue to be on the front lines, con-tinuing this fight. You are there work-ing it out as well. Tonight, I think we just need to con-tinue the practice of saying, Here are the facts, and encouraging our commit-tees of jurisdiction to take action on this and just evaluate it. We have the MAC transparency, the clawback bill. These bills have a chance just to be heard, because I found that every time I share this with Members, they can’t believe it. They want to know more. And when we show them the facts, they say: This needs to be discussed. We have some time tonight. I want to share what you are seeing as we con-tinue this fight for what is right. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Well, I want to thank the gentleman for organizing this and for bringing this to light. This is something that I know you are obviously very passionate about and that you have worked on for a long time; many years. You know, it is not just you. You are obviously a leader here. But also, Rep-resentative S
COTT, who spoke earlier. Representative L
OEBSACK . I may be the only pharmacist in Congress, but we have many friends of pharmacy in Con-gress, and we appreciate this very much. But even more so—if I may, even more so, what you are concerned about, what Representative S
COTT, what Representative L
OEBSACK , what everyone up here is concerned about is patient care. That is what we are talk-ing about. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Exactly. What you are saying, every time we do this, we gain Members who begin to look at the issue. They just don’t be-lieve what the PBMs bring to them. All I am asking for me and I know for you is for every Member here to go talk to a community pharmacist. All they have to do is go talk to them. We are not sharing anything that is not real. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. That is the whole key. The whole key is that what we are talking about is patient care. We are not talking about community pharmacies trying to pad their pock-ets. But what we are trying to point out and what you have done so effi-ciently, particularly with your chart, is to point out what is happening here. Everyone is concerned about high drug prices right now. It is one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.131 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5430 September 13, 2016 
biggest subjects that we hear about in the newscasts and everywhere. Grant-ed, this is not the only part of that, but it is a big part of it. What is happening is we are taking competition out of health care. If we talk about ObamaCare, if we talk about the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, whatever you want to call it, my number one concern with is that it has taken competition, it has taken the free market out of health care. I mean, think about it. Am I talking just about independent retail phar-macies? No. I am talking about independent health care. How many independent doctors do you know anymore? Most of them are members of healthcare systems, most of them are members of hospital systems, which are fine systems, but, again, we are taking away competition. And that is what is happening here. I thank Representative C
OLLINS . I want to thank him for, again, orga-nizing and bringing this to light. As you have mentioned, I have been a community pharmacist for over 30 years. I graduated from the University of Georgia in 1980. Go Dogs. I am just as proud as I can be of my alma mater. You know, pharmacy has changed tremendously since I graduated. I serve on the advisory board at the University of Georgia at the College of Pharmacy, and I can tell you the quality of stu-dents that are graduating now from pharmacy school is just tremendous. The clinical expertise that they are graduating with makes us all in health care very, very proud. I still maintain that pharmacists are some of the most overtrained and underutilized profes-sionals out there. But, again, I want to get back in full disclosure here. I am a free market per-son. I am someone who believes in the free market. I believe in competition. And that is all community pharmacists are saying: Let us compete. But as Representative C
OLLINS has pointed out so succinctly here, we don’t even have the opportunity to compete. When you have the insurance com-pany owning the pharmacy and making decisions that impact patients and where they can go and tell patients, No, you cannot buy your prescription over here, you have to buy it over here, that takes the free market out of the system. That takes competition out of the system. Who cannot see that? There are chains there who will tell you that their operation is a three- legged stool. They have the PBMs, they have the pharmacy, and now they have their health clinics. Well, what does that do? It is a great business model, sure, but once they get you, they got you. If you go to a pharmacy and they write that prescription, and then that prescrip-tion is filled right there, well, obvi-ously, that is a conflict of interest. But that is what is happening now. If the insurance company owns the pharmacy and tells you that you have to go to this pharmacy, that is a problem. True story. I owned three community pharmacies before I became a Member of Congress. My wife owns them now. While I still owned those pharmacies, I filled a prescription for my wife at the pharmacy that I own. This was about 3 or 4 years ago. Later on that night, she got a call from the insurance company encouraging her to get that prescrip-tion filled at another pharmacy. I am telling you, this is true. Honest. That is just crazy. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Yet, if you had done that, they would have cut your contract off. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Well, ex-actly. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. You can’t engage in that kind of practice. It is just amazing. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Well, it begs the question: How did they know about it? Here is how they know about it. What happens when you bring a pre-scription into a pharmacy is we fill that prescription and we adjudicate the claim. What that means is that the community pharmacy’s computer calls the insurance company’s computer and it tells you automatically whether they are going to pay it and how much they are going to pay. Well, guess what? That pharmacy that owns that insur-ance company that I just called, they have that information. Yes, there are laws against it. There is supposed to be a wall there in between them, but you tell me how that pharmacy knew that my wife had a prescription filled that day at the community pharmacy that I owned at that time. b2100 Obviously, that is what is happening. Representative COLLINS , you have in-troduced your bill, a great bill. It has to do with MAC transparency, MAC, maximum allowable costs. Let me tell you very quickly what maximum al-lowable cost is. We talk about acronyms. Well, no-body uses as many acronyms as the Federal Government uses. I tell people all the time that one of my goals in Congress is to learn at least 10 percent of all the acronyms that we use up here. But the acronym, MAC, M-A-C, max-imum allowable cost, what that is is that insurance companies come up with a list and they say this is what we are going to pay you. This is the max-imum we are going to pay you. If you can’t buy it any cheaper than that then, I am sorry; you are just going to lose money. Well, that is okay to a certain ex-tent. We understand that. We can work within that. But what happens is they don’t update it, so all of a sudden—and you have seen it. We have all experi-enced what has happened with the spikes in drug costs here recently, par-ticularly in generic drugs. What hap-pens is that drug goes up. Well, the in-surance company drags their feet and they don’t increase that maximum al-lowable cost and, all of a sudden, the pharmacy is dispensing something at a loss. Well, that is obviously a business model that is not going to sustain. You are not going to be able to stay in busi-ness if you are dispensing something and losing money on it. Then, how do they come up with this MAC list? What we are talking about here, and what Representative COLLINS ’ bill ad-dresses is what is called MAC trans-parency. All we are asking here is to shine light on this, is to have some transparency, so we can see exactly what is going on. And that is what his bill does, and we appreciate his work on that very much. His bill is a step forward, not only for the industry, but again, for the bene-ficiary, for the patient. That is ulti-mately who is going to save money, and that is ultimately what we are try-ing to do here. It is no surprise that the costs are going up because of a lack of trans-parency in the system, no surprise at all. We have got to have more trans-parency, particularly in the pricing of generics if we are going to be able to create a stable and an affordable healthcare system. Now, you heard mentioned here ear-lier, DIR fees. DIR, direct and indirect remuneration, and you heard men-tioned clawbacks. Now, let me try to articulate this the best I can and what happens here with these DIR fees, which is something that has come up in the past probably year, maybe year and half or 2 years. But what this is is, I mentioned ear-lier that, when the community phar-macy fills the preparation, we adju-dicate the claim, that our computer calls their computer, the insurance computer, and it tells us how much they are going to pay. Okay. We are okay with that. We understand what we are going to get paid. But yet, with DIR fees, months later, the insurance company comes back and says, oh, we told you we were going to pay you $2.50. No, we have got to take back that $2.50. We are not going to be able to pay you that. Folks, obviously, that is not a sus-tainable business model. Nobody can stay in business that way. Yet that is the way DIR fees are being imposed now. Thank goodness, just last week, Con-gressman M
ORGAN GRIFFITH from Vir-ginia, our colleague, introduced a bill that addresses Medicare part D pre-scription drug transparency and DIR fees. I thank Congressman G
RIFFITH for that. Again, keep in mind, folks, we are not talking about, oh, we have got to make community pharmacies profit-able. All community pharmacies want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.132 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5431 September 13, 2016 
to do is to compete. We just want to have the opportunity to compete on a fair, level playing field. That is all we are asking. We are not asking for any favoritism at all. Yet, when you have got an insurance company that owns the pharmacy, that is obviously a con-flict of interest. Who cannot see that? Again, Congressman G
RIFFITH has in-troduced this bill, and it is a great bill. These DIR fees, a big unknown for pharmacists, as I mentioned. They can sometimes total up to thousands of dollars per month, and they can signifi-cantly complicate what your net reim-bursement is going to be to cover your cost. In fact, in a recent survey, nearly 67 percent, almost two-thirds of commu-nity pharmacists, have indicated they don’t receive any information about when those fees will be collected or how large they will be—two-thirds, two-thirds of the pharmacies here. And folks, I was so happy to see Rep-resentative L
OEBSACK . He pointed out that he was the only Democrat here to-night, but I can assure you that there are other Democrats, because this is a bipartisan issue. Listen, when you go to get a pre-scription filled in a community phar-macy, they don’t ask you if you are a Republican or a Democrat. They could care less. All they know is you are a patient, and we need to take care of that patient, and that is what we are trying to do. There is another bill that I want to touch on here. It is a very important bill. It is one that has been introduced by another good friend of pharmacy, Representative B
RETT GUTHRIE from Kentucky. It is called the Pharmacy and Medically Underserved Areas En-hancement Act, and this is really the pharmacy provider act. As I mentioned earlier, the phar-macists who are graduating today are so clinically superior to when I grad-uated. And Congressman S
COTT, I be-lieve, mentioned earlier about the things that pharmacists are doing now: flu shots, immunizations, all of those things that pharmacists are able to do. Pharmacists are the most accessible healthcare professionals out there. We in America, if we are ever going to get our healthcare costs under control, we have to take advantage of that. We have to take advantage of having that expertise right there before us and hav-ing it so accessible. Representative G
UTHRIE ’s bill, the pharmacy provider status bill, will give us the opportunity to reimburse phar-macists for those clinical services that they are capable of and that they are currently providing. This is something that needs to be done under Medicare part D. I mentioned Congressman G
RIFFITH  and what he has done, and it really has been a blessing, then Congressman B
RETT GUTHRIE and what he has done, and Congressman C
OLLINS and what he has done. All of these things are very, very important. I want to mention one other thing, and that is something that has come out of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee this year, and that is the 21st Century Cures. 21st Century Cures is a great piece of legislation. That and the opioid bill that we passed earlier this year, I think, are two of the bills that I am most proud of since I have been a Member of this body; and part of that has to do with the fact that they are healthcare bills and I am a healthcare professional. But 21st Century Cures is a great piece of legislation. It has been passed under the leadership of, as I say, Chair-man FRED UPTON and the Energy and Commerce Committee. It has been crit-ical in advancing research. It addresses so many different things. It increases funding for the National Institutes of Health. It streamlines the process of the FDA and how they ap-prove medications. It offers incentives to companies to come up with new in-novations with new medications. Right now we know of over 10,000 dis-eases that affect humankind, yet only 500 of them can be treated. 21st Cen-tury Cures addresses this. It is a great piece of legislation, and I would be re-miss if I did not mention that. Again, I want to thank Congressman C
OLLINS , and I want to thank all my colleagues who have spoken here to-night on a very, very important sub-ject. Again, folks, all we are saying is let us compete. I have had so many pa-tients who have been, their parents, their grandparents, treated at our pharmacy; yet, because their insurance plan changed, they literally left our pharmacy in tears and had to go down the street and have a prescription filled somewhere else. That is not American. It is not right. Again, I want to thank Congressman C
OLLINS for giving me this opportunity to speak on this, obviously something that I have dealt with all my life, my professional life. I am very proud of our profession. I am very proud of commu-nity pharmacy. I am very proud of the patient care that the community phar-macist and all pharmacists provide to the patients. So I thank the gentleman for doing this and thank him for giving me the opportunity. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I want to thank the gentleman for being a part and providing an insight that is—as I have said, for those of us who see this and call unfair unfair, and we are learning about it every day, you have lived it, and I think providing those in-sights is valuable. The more we continue down this path, it just—and again, I spoke about it. I am on the Rules Committee as well. I talked about it in the Rules Committee, and it was amazing when I heard the other members. Some were on Energy and Commerce, some were on others, and they finally said, that deserves a hearing. MAC transparency deserves a hearing. Griffith’s bill de-serves a hearing. Guthrie’s bill de-serves a hearing. These are things that actually save money, except for the coercive, twist- arm tactics of PBMs who just think that 83 percent of the market is not enough, 83 percent, roughly, of the market is not enough, that they get on people about mail order. They want you to turn—and your insight on how they actually know. That wall, that is the flimsiest wall I have ever seen. Maybe they will start building it bet-ter. I don’t know. In north Georgia, we built them a little harder than that. But I appreciate that. I want to go into something tonight, and it is something that we have talked about. It just explains how this works, because maybe some aren’t as familiar; they haven’t studied this and had a great staff. I have actually had a great staff that have put together—you know, Bob’s here tonight. I have got a staff member who is still with me in spirit, but she is not with us. Jennifer has been working on this for a long time. But I also had Daniel Ashworth. Dan-iel is an intern, a pharmacist intern who helped us out a lot and helped pre-pare this. I want to show you this. I showed you this at the beginning, and it is sort of—the PBMs are at the mid-dle of the world here, if you will. So let’s just talk about this. Let’s just start off with where it should start, and that is with the patient. The patient makes medication decisions, or he gets it from the doctor. And they are typically okay if you go this way, their employer. A lot of times the em-ployee, their health benefit plan, that is where they get that. So as we start here with the employ-ers, the employers turn to PBMs or the insurance companies for plan decisions. So they turn to them and say here is how the plan is going to work. Here is how the plan operates. They expect the PBM to look after their best interest and to help save them money. That was the whole setup in the beginning, until they began to vertically integrate, to take on and become the main player in the market. So what happens here is they make a plan decision to entrust the PBM to do that, and the PBMs, in turn, are sup-posed to give back the savings in this. We have already seen tonight how TRICARE has already saved $1.3 bil-lion. This was their own internal study. We have also seen others where the fraud and abuse are not finding these savings. So again, let’s just continue on. Pharmaceutical companies have an interesting relationship as well be-cause, through rebates that they give to the PBMs or to incentivize, if you will, the use of drugs, their brand names, their ones under patent—which is very valuable. You are not going to find a stronger proponent of patent and copyright content in this Congress than me. What they are doing here is they are saying, okay, we are going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.133 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5432 September 13, 2016 
give rebates back so you can purchase, and we are going to have brand pref-erence so that you will encourage this brand over this generic or, frankly, this generic over this brand. And that is okay. We understand that. This rebate is supposed to actually go into the savings part, but there is no transparency here. We don’t know where it is going. And you are not get-ting the savings back over here where the rebates could. And then we get to, really, the one that is interesting, and the pharma-ceutical companies, through the phar-macy, and then back to patient care. This is where it gets interesting with the PBMs and their interesting rela-tionships with the independent commu-nity pharmacies. Predatory pricing, such as we are ad-dressing in the MAC transparency list, where the numbers change, they are not sure. We get into the DIR fees. We get into all this stuff that has now be-come, instead of, for the PBM, the P in patient, the P actually should be—and I am not going to write on this beau-tiful chart, but I might as well just put ‘‘profit’’ because, as I have already dis-cussed earlier tonight, the audits aren’t about patient safety. As Representative C
ARTER said, this is not about giving independent phar-macies or community pharmacies a leg up. b2115 They don’t want to be guaranteed a profit. They just want to be guaranteed to be able to open their doors and not be intimidated, coerced, or backed down by threats from PBMs that are much larger than them that basically say: we will put you out of business. Madam Speaker, that is what they do. They are supposed to have random audits. One of my pharmacists started laughing when we talked about random audits. They had the same audit about a year earlier. In other words, they are on a cycle. They just come back around the same time. These aren’t random. They are not there for safety. They are there for profit. It is frustrating. I have never seen anything else like this. It is the most amazing thing I have ever seen in which a business model that we have actually condoned—especially with the taxpayer money side—says that you can extort from pharmacies whatever you want. We will take back fees. We will put you on a metrics like Humana did. We will put you on a metrics that will give you the possibility of making more, but then inherently rig it against the small pharmacies. That is a problem. They can’t answer the question. If they had, they would have said it a long time ago. They just hope I go away and quit talking about this. But there are Members every time we talk, some couldn’t come tonight, and every time we come down here and we shine light on this very dark subject, more Members come along and say: that doesn’t sound right. I know you have had those conversa-tions, Representative CARTER . I have had those conversations. There are Members all over this Chamber that have experienced this in their own lives. So I come to you tonight just saying, look, we put this here, and we look at the interaction. I am going to say, this is the most important part right here. It is about the patient. It is about the patient. We want to fix this. Let’s look at how our money is spent. We want to fix this. Let’s look at being able to come back weeks, months later. Let’s talk about what the problems are here, but never forget the patient. It shouldn’t be hard for them. Pharmacy benefit manager, the first letter is P. Let’s just change it from profit to pa-tient. Let’s change it from being a facilitator to help pharmacies and help employers to market drugs to help the patient. Studies after studies show that it doesn’t work. Madam Speaker, we could talk for hours, but this is something we are going to continue to fight on. I appre-ciate the time we have had tonight, and this is not the end of this fight. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
ZIKA FUNDING The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia for the opportunity to speak this evening. We have just been listening to a very lengthy discussion on the part of the healthcare issues in the United States, and, undoubtedly, the family or the small community pharmacist is a piece of the solution to the problems. But I want to spend the next 10 min-utes or so, maybe a little longer, talk-ing about a problem that currently af-fects some 19,000 Americans and a prob-lem that is growing every day. This is the new four-letter word that we fear. We are accustomed to a lot of four-letter words, but this one begins with a Z. This is the Zika crisis. This is a very, very real problem for some 1,600 pregnant women in the United States. This is a problem that men and women that intend to have a family, women that intend to bear children, get preg-nant in the days and months ahead have a gut feeling of fear—a deep, deep fear—and husbands, spouses, and lovers similarly. This is the Zika crisis. We have heard a lot about it during the Olympics. It hasn’t passed off the radar screen ex-cept here in Congress. I know it is on the minds of Californians, over 500 in California, and nearly 15,500 Americans in Puerto Rico. They have that fear. They have Zika. So all across this Nation, this new four-letter word is not used as a cuss word. It is a word of fear, and it is a word of trouble. Apparently, in the Halls of your Capitol, in the Halls of the United States Congress, it is ig-nored. Several months ago, we did pass a piece of legislation that was supposed to deal with this. But understand this: The Centers for Disease Control is about to run out of money at the end of this month and will have to stop re-search on Zika, on the virus, on vac-cines, and on how it is spread. We know that the mosquito is a piece of this, and we know it is prime mos-quito time across much of the United States. Let me show you a map—a lot of blue on that map. That doesn’t mean Democrat. That means Zika. Where you see the bright blue, that is where the Zika mosquito—the aedes—is found, and this is where we presently have cases. South Florida, the only time in American history that there has been a travel alert for health reasons within the Continental United States is now found in south Florida. Why? Because now we have mosquitos that are spreading the virus. In other parts of the Nation, we know that this mosquito is present, and we know it is going to happen, if not this year then next year. This is not some-thing that is going to go away in the next few months as winter approaches. It will come back next year, and it will come back with a greater vengeance, just as the West Nile virus that spread across the United States is now found in most every State. But that is not an illness that leads to the tragedy of children being born with severe inju-ries that will affect them the rest of their lives, which may be a very short life. This is a problem. This is a problem that your United States Congress is ig-noring. There is a bill bouncing around, and it is loaded with a bunch of riders that are: What are you talking about? Riders that prevent women’s health clinics from providing assistance to women. It is the women, after all, that bear the great burden of this. They are the ones that are going to be pregnant. They are the ones that will be carrying the children. But those women’s health clinics cannot allow access to the money. What in the world is that all about? What foolishness. What mean-ness. By the way, none of the money can be used for contraception. Give me a break. What do you mean? That is the legislation that is being proposed here in the United States Congress. Even the Pope has suggested that because of this crisis in Brazil that the steadfast opposition of the Vatican to contracep-tion may need to be pushed aside. But not here in the House of Representa-tives. Come on. Let’s get real. Let’s un-derstand the nature of this crisis. The Zika virus is not transmitted only by mosquitos. We are discovering that the transmission can come in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.134 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5433 September 13, 2016 
many, many different ways—many dif-ferent ways. So what are we doing about it? Nothing. We are spending time talking about impeaching the IRS Commissioner. Come on. In the history of this Nation, only one person other than a President has been impeached, and that was back in the 1870s, a Sec-retary of War. An IRS Commissioner is not even a Cabinet member. We are spending our time on that. We are where, 20 days, a little less, from the end of the fiscal year when we have to fund government? We are less than what, 17 days away from the abil-ity of the Centers for Disease Control to continue to research and to address this issue? Look at the map, Ameri-cans. Every State. And Puerto Rico is not on this map, and they are Ameri-cans. There are over 15,000 cases there and more than 1,000 women who are pregnant and many, many more who will become pregnant. So what is your United States Congress doing? Dithering would be an insufficient word to address this crisis. This is a public health crisis. This is a crisis that the solution presented to us a few months ago was to take money out of the Ebola program. Did we for-get about Ebola? Did it go away? No, it did not. That money was being spent on monitoring the travelers from those areas of Africa where Ebola still exists. So that money is gone. So I suppose, in the next months or year ahead, we will go back into the Ebola problem once again. Money was taken from the public health programs in counties through-out the United States. The proposal that moved out of this House of Rep-resentatives swept from the counties and the States money that the public health departments in those areas needed to deal with public health emer-gencies, one of which was Zika. And there are other public health emer-gencies that are always before us. I mentioned the West Nile virus. Cali-fornia has a whooping cough problem that is ongoing, and that is a public health crisis. Children die of that. So what is the solution? Not what we normally do when we have a crisis, which is to go to the Federal Treasury and say: America has a problem. Amer-icans will solve that problem or ad-dress that problem and try to deal with the effect of it by appropriating money so that we can address it. When the terrible floods occurred re-cently in Louisiana, did we raid other agencies to deal with it? No. We go to FEMA, and we go to the emergency funding, as we did with Katrina, as we did with Sandy, and as we do with the fires, hurricanes, and tornadoes. But not with Zika. Somehow Zika is dif-ferent. If you are a grandmother or a grand-father and your granddaughter is about to get married, what is on your mind? The wedding to be sure. But you are also thinking about that pregnancy that might be following, and you are thinking: will my daughter or my granddaughter acquire the Zika virus? What will it mean? Apparently, that thought is not found in my fellow colleagues here on the floor of the House of Representa-tives, even though they have children, even though they have daughters and granddaughters, even though within their families there will be preg-nancies. We have got to think about this. Maybe there are 16,000 affected in the United States today. But this virus is not going away. This virus is going to be with us years ahead, and the ef-fects of it are going to be felt in the next generations. It is already here in the United States. b2130 We have had babies born with serious defects as a result of Zika. It is already with us. And there will be more. There will be many, many more. This public health crisis must be met by the full power of the Federal Gov-ernment, just as we meet other crises. It is our responsibility. 535 of us and the President. The President has asked for $1.9 bil-lion to deal with this health crisis. The response by my colleagues on the Re-publican side of the House of Rep-resentatives, a little over $6 million, most of which is stolen from other pub-lic health programs. Disgraceful. Dere-liction of responsibility. The Senate is talking about a $1.1 billion program. Good. Without riders, without the kind of foolish riders that are being presented here. Good. Let’s get on with it. We will take the Senate bill. Give us a clean Senate bill so that there is money available for the Cen-ters for Disease Control to continue its research, so that there is money avail-able for the public health programs in south Florida, in Texas, in Puerto Rico, California, and in other States to carry on the fight against the mosqui-toes and to deal with the other meth-ods of transmission, to warn the public, to prepare the public. We can do it. Anybody that knows how much money the Federal Government spends every year knows that $1 billion to ad-dress a fundamental public health cri-sis is available. It is readily available. We ought to get on with it. And shame on us if we don’t. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for September 12 and today on account of doctor ordered travel limitations for arthroscopic sur-gery. Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of med-ical appointment. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 3969. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1579. An act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordina-tion and collaboration between Federal tour-ism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 14, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6796. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report on the Developmental Disabilities Programs for Fiscal Years 2011-2012, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15005; Public Law 106-402, Sec. 105; (114 Stat. 1690); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 6797. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease: 2016 Update’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 11225(g); Public Law 111-375, Sec. 2(g); (124 Stat. 4102); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6798. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revisions to the General Definitions for Texas New Source Review and the Minor NSR Qualified Facilities Program [EPA-R06-OAR-2010-0861; FRL-9950-32-Region 6] received September 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6799. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval and Dis-approval; North Carolina: New Source Re-view for Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0501; FRL-9952-31-Region 4] received September 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6800. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; GA In-frastructure Requirements for the 2010 1- hour NO2 NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0250; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13SE7.136 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5434 September 13, 2016 
FRL-9952-32-Region 4] received September 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6801. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; VT; Prevention of Significant Deterioration, PM2.5 [EPA-R01-OAR-2016-0441; A-1-FRL- 9952-11-Region 1] received September 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6802. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Colorado; Second Ten-Year PM10 Mainte-nance Plan for Lamar [EPA-R08-OAR-2015- 0042; FRL-9952-09-Region 8] received Sep-tember 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6803. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Texas; Infrastructure or Requirements for the 2008 Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R06- OAR-2012-0953; FRL-9950-77-Region 6] re-ceived September 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6804. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Thiabendazole; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0554; FRL- 9950-05] received September 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6805. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Energy Labeling Rule (RIN: 3084-AB15) received September 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6806. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting Reports for the third quarter of FY 2016, April 1, 2016 — June 30, 2016, developed in ac-cordance with Secs. 36(a) and 26(b) of the Arms Export Control Act; the March 24, 1979, Report by the Committee on Foreign Affairs (H. Rept. 96-70), and the July 31, 1981, Sev-enth Report by the Committee on Govern-ment Operations (H. Rept. 97-214); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6807. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Russian Sanctions: Addition of Certain Enti-ties to the Entity List [Docket No.: 160617543- 6543-01] (RIN: 0694-AH02) received September 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6808. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report pursuant to Sec. 804 of the Palestinian Liberation Orga-nization Commitments Compliance Act of 1989 (‘‘PLOCCA’’) (Title VIII, Pub.L. 101-246) and Secs. 603-604 and 699 of the Foreign Rela-tions Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (Pub.L. 107-228); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6809. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d)(1); Public Law 92-403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6810. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Scup Fishery; Adjustment to the 2016 Winter II Quota [Docket No.: 150903814-5999-02] (RIN: 0648-XE755) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6811. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999-6225-01] (RIN: 0648-XE802) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6812. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pol-lock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648- XE789) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6813. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commercial Quota Harvested for the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts [Docket No.: 150903814-5999-02] (RIN: 0648-XE810) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6814. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Dusky Rockfish in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 150818742-6210-02] (RIN: 0648-XE708) received September 8, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6815. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the 2015 annual report to Congress describing the ac-tivities and operations of the Public Integ-rity Section, Criminal Division, and the re-port on the nationwide federal law enforce-ment effort against public corruption, pursu-ant to 28 U.S.C. 529(a); Public Law 95-521, Sec.603(a); (92 Stat. 187); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6816. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-8841; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-115-AD; Amendment 39-18611; AD 2016-16-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6817. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Office of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Veterans Affairs, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Telephone Enroll-ment in the VA Healthcare System (RIN: 2900-AP68) received September 9, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6818. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Reclassification of Specially Denatured Spir-its and Completely Denatured Alcohol For-mulas and Related Amendments [Docket No.: TTB-2013-0005; T.D. TTB-140; Re: Notice No.: 136] (RIN: 1513-AB59) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6819. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Definition of Terms Relating to Marital Status [TD 9785] (RIN: 1545-BM10) re-ceived September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6820. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure: Management Contracts Safe Harbors (Rev. Proc. 2016-44) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6821. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Definition of Real Estate Invest-ment Trust Real Property [TD 9784] (RIN: 1545-BM05) received September 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6822. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure: Examination of returns and claims for refund, credit, or abatement; determination of correct tax li-ability (Rev. Proc. 2016-46) received Sep-tember 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6823. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Waiver of 60-Day Rollover Require-ment (Rev. Proc. 2016-47) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6824. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Relief for Victims of Louisiana Storms (Announcement 2016-30) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13SE7.000 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5435 September 13, 2016 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 3438. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of high-impact rules pending judicial re-view; with an amendment (Rept. 114–743). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 863. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5351) to prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5226) to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relating to pend-ing agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–744). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4419. A bill to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts; with amendments (Rept. 114–745). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5461. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–746, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Foreign Affairs dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5461 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 6000. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify rules relating to the taxation of mead and other agricultural wine, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BECERRA (for himself and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 6001. A bill to establish within the Smithsonian Institution the Smithsonian American Latino Museum, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Nat-ural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6002. A bill to provide for the acquisi-tion and publication of data relating to cybercrimes against individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. Y OUNG of In-diana, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. R
OKITA ): H.R. 6003. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide veterans affected by school closures certain relief and restoration of educational benefits, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California): H.R. 6004. A bill to modernize Government information technology, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 6005. A bill to ensure that Members of Congress and Congressional staff receive health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs instead of under the Federal Health Benefits Program or health care exchanges; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. L
EE, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. M OORE , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 6006. A bill to establish a pilot pro-gram to provide fellowships to certain former Sudanese refugees, known as the ‘‘Lost Boys and Lost Girls of Sudan’’, to as-sist in reconstruction efforts in South Sudan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 6007. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to include consideration of cer-tain impacts on commercial space launch and reentry activities in a navigable air-space analysis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. B
EYER ): H.R. 6008. A bill to provide transit benefits to Federal employees who use the services of transportation network companies within the national capital region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H.R. 6009. A bill to ensure the effective processing of mail by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. P
IERLUISI , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART ): H.R. 6010. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion to establish a registry of women who are diagnosed during pregnancy as having been infected with Zika virus and the chil-dren of such women, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6011. A bill to require that the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services has in place adequate verification procedures to en-sure that advance payments under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act are made for only enrollees under qualified health plans who have paid their premiums; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 6012. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to preserve Medicare beneficiary access to ventilators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 6013. A bill to amend the Tele-communications Act of 1996 to preserve and protect the ability of local governments to provide broadband capability and services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6014. A bill to direct the Federal Avia-tion Administration to allow certain con-struction or alteration of structures by State departments of transportation without requiring an aeronautical study, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 6015. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the treat-ment of certain direct primary care service arrangements and periodic provider fees; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6016. A bill to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. K IND, Mr. H
IMES, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Miss R
ICEof New York, and Mr. C ARNEY ): H.R. 6017. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram to provide grants to eligible low-in-come communities for community develop-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6018. A bill to waive the essential health benefits requirements for certain States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 6019. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an exemption to the individual mandate to maintain health coverage for certain individuals whose pre-mium has increased by more than 10 percent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BECERRA: H. Res. 862. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 864. A resolution expressing support for the designation of September 2016 as ‘‘Na-tional Campus Sexual Assault Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. H
ARRIS , Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. R USSELL ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Sep 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\H13SE6.REC H13SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5436 September 13, 2016 
H. Res. 865. A resolution commemorating the 60th anniversary of the Hungarian Revo-lution and Freedom Fight of 1956 and cele-brating the deep friendship between Hungary and the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. VEASEY: H. Res. 866. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of September as ‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 6000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution asserts that the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes. This bill modifies the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to the taxation of mead and other agricultural wine. By Mr. BECERRA: H.R. 6001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—The Con-gress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and propoer for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United State, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 6003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 6004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section IX, clause VII, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 6005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: Since Mem-bers of Congress and other federal employees are ‘‘necessary’’ to fulfill the constitutional functions of government, laws determining the compensation of Members of Congress and federal employees are constitutional under the necessary and proper clause. By Ms. BASS: H.R. 6006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 1. Article I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. McCARTHY: H.R. 6007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress Shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with indian tribes. and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 6009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6010. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 6012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 6013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—‘‘lay and col-lect taxes’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—‘‘necessary and proper’’ By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 6017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 6019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 167: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 213: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 346: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 465: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 470: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 605: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 667: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 775: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. V ELA, and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 822: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 846: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 885: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 1218: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 1220: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. F RANKS of Ari- zona, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. L
UMMIS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , and Mr. P IERLUISI . H.R. 1453: Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 1669: Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 1705: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 1854: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1904: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 1940: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2313: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2315: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2368: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. C ARNEY , Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 2747: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 2799: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3099: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 3119: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 3175: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3222: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 3337: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 3355: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 3381: Mr. W
ALDEN and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 3410: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 3438: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. E MMER of Min- nesota, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 3514: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 3522: Ms. L
EE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3535: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3706: Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3720: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 3779: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. N UNES , Mr. F
ARR, Mr. B ARR, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. K
ILMER , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3846: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 3886: Ms. T
SONGAS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13SE7.100 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5437 September 13, 2016 
H.R. 3991: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 4043: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4179: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 4272: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 4352: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 4365: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 4514: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S CALISE , Mr. N
UGENT , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. F OXX, and Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 4567: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. P ETER -
SON. H.R. 4592: Mr. A
MODEI and Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 4615: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 4662: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 4695: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4764: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 4784: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4818: Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. E MMER of Min- nesota, and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4832: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4919: Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. S ESSIONS , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 4959: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 5007: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 5009: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 5122: Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 5143: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 5167: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5183: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 5204: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5209: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5221: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5254: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 5272: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5351: Mr. N
UNES , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. N
UGENT , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 5398: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 5418: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. W EBER  of Texas. H.R. 5465: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 5499: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. B RAT, and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 5531: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 5598: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5599: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5620: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 5625: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 5668: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5689: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 5719: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 5732: Mr. F
LORES , Mrs. L OWEY , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5746: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. F
UDGE , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5754: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. P AULSEN . H.R. 5759: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 5760: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 5801: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 5853: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. G RAVES of Mis- souri, and Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 5855: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 5879: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia and Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 5902: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5904: Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Mr. H EN-
SARLING . H.R. 5910: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 5931: Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. B OST, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. V
ALADAO , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5932: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 5942: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5948: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. T ED L
IEUof California. H.R. 5951: Mr. W
ILLIAMS and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 5957: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. T
ITUS, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 5970: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 5978: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 5980: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5982: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. J ORDAN . H.R. 5999: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , and Mr. O LSON . H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. W
OODALL and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. T URNER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. A
GUILAR , and Mr. R OKITA . H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. O LSON . H. Res. 590: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. H
INOJOSA . H. Res. 752: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. V
ELA, Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. M
CSALLY . H. Res. 776: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , and Ms. P INGREE . H. Res. 813: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 817: Mr. C
OOK. H. Res. 845: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. C
ARNEY , Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. C
APUANO . H. Res. 850: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. B
YRNE . H. Res. 853: Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. G IBBS. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. THORNBERRY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Armed Services in H.R. 5351 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
86. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Bar Association of Puerto Rico Governing Board, relative to Resolution Number 26, to express the repudiation of the Governing Board of the Bar Association of Puerto Rico with regard to H.R. 4900, Oversight Board to assist the government of Puerto Rico, in-cluding instrumentalities, in managing its public finances, and for other purposes, also known as the Federal Fiscal Control Board for Puerto Rico; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE7.056 H13SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5583 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2016 No. 138 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, our sustainer, You know the mistakes and wrongs we sometimes do. We are sometimes self-ish, stubborn, and unkind. Send Your Spirit to empower us to live worthy of Your great Name. Lord, guide our Senators as they con-front the struggles of our times, bring-ing them confident assurance that Your purposes will prevail. In the hec-tic pace of their living, help them to slow down long enough to hear Your still, small voice of wisdom. Eviscerate the tensions that pull them apart and keep them from being whole. Lord, You know us better than we know ourselves, so have Your way in our world. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-nized. Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican leader is on his way. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, days before ObamaCare passed the Sen-ate in 2009, the senior Senator from New York predicted that Americans would come around soon on the un-popular bill his party was trying to force through the Senate. ‘‘The reason people are negative is not the sub-stance of the bill,’’ he mused, ‘‘but the fears that the opponents have laid out. When those fears don’t materialize, and people see the good in the bill, the numbers are going to go up.’’ Today, years later, one need only read the headlines to see just how wrong that prediction was. ‘‘One-third of the US won’t have a choice between Obamacare plans in 2017.’’ Other head-lines: ‘‘Frustration mounts over ObamaCare co-op failures.’’ ‘‘Insurers propose massive increase in individual health insurance rates.’’ Here is the latest headline my con-stituents read just recently: ‘‘Get ready to pay more for health insurance in Kentucky.’’ These headlines tell a story of a fail-ing, partisan law and its continuing as-sault on the middle class. When Repub-licans warned of predictable con-sequences like these, Democrats waved off our concerns and forced their par-tisan law through anyway—with the middle class forced to bear the con-sequences ever since. It is time Democrats started to fi-nally listen, and that is why last week Senators came to the floor to share the heartbreaking stories of how ObamaCare continues to hurt their constituents and impact their States. Senator CAPITO called ObamaCare ‘‘nothing short of devastating’’ in her home State of West Virginia. ‘‘Working families,’’ she said, ‘‘are being faced with skyrocketing premiums, copays, and deductibles.’’ Senator I
SAKSON warned that ‘‘the numbers do not lie’’ in Georgia. ‘‘ObamaCare,’’ he said, ‘‘is forcing in-surance carriers to leave the market, eliminating competition and choice, all . . . while placing the burden of higher costs on the backs of working tax-payers in this country.’’ Senator M
CCAIN explained how ‘‘Americans have been hit by broken promise after broken promise and met with higher costs, fewer choices, and poor quality of care’’ and noted that his home State of Arizona ‘‘has become ground zero for the collapse of Obamacare.’’ Just last month, the Obama adminis-tration told Americans not to worry about rising costs because they could shop around to find the best plan and save money on health insurance, but many Americans in places like Ohio are ‘‘going to be severely restricted’’ when it comes to choosing an insurer next year, as the State’s director of in-surance pointed out. In fact, 19 of Ohio’s counties are set to have just a single insurer in the exchange and an-other 28 counties will have only 2 op-tions. Restrictions like these mean families could lose access to doctors they know and trust, face higher pre-miums, more out-of-pocket expenses, and have fewer options to shop around for more affordable coverage or plans to meet their changing needs. One self-employed Ohioan summa-rized the pinch facing so many across the country. She said: ‘‘They fine you if you don’t have insurance, and then they take your options away.’’ That is what she said after learning she would lose her plan. Her frustration is one felt across Ohio and across America. More than 2 million people could be forced to find a new plan next year. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.000 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5584 September 13, 2016 
majority of the Nation’s counties are expected to have only one or two insur-ers offering plans in the exchange, and eight entire States are expected to have only a single insurer in the ex-change to choose from. That is because just last night we learned that Con-necticut would likely become the lat-est State with only a single insurer on the exchange next year. We learned something else last night as well: One of the few remaining ObamaCare co-ops will not offer plans in New Jersey next year. This is part of a broader trend we have seen across the country, with ObamaCare co-ops shuttering and forc-ing Americans to find new coverage as a result. Just look at what happened in New Hampshire. The Granite State’s co-op was, in the words of New Hamp-shire Public Radio, ‘‘the exact type of business that was supposed to make the individual insurance market more competitive’’ under ObamaCare. But the co-op recently announced that it would close down operations in the State anyway. That is forcing thou-sands to find another plan, and it is forcing taxpayers to foot the bill. Here is what one New Hampshire edi-torial had to say after the announce-ment: 
The entire ObamaCare scheme was set up on faulty premises. . . . You can’t force peo-ple to buy health insurance they don’t want, subsidize mediocre insurance plans people can’t afford, and still claim to hold down ris-ing medical expenses. 
‘‘The program,’’ the paper continued, is ‘‘destroying itself.’’ Collapsing co-ops and withdrawing insurers aren’t the only signs that ObamaCare is ‘‘destroying itself.’’ Just look at my home State of Kentucky, where premiums could rise by dis-tressing rates—in some cases as high as 47 percent. It is no wonder my office continues to hear from people who are desperate for relief from this law. One Louisville mom said her family’s health care costs will consume nearly one-fifth of their budget this year. She said: 
This health care law has been far from af-fordable for my family. Every year we exten-sively research for the least expensive cov-erage we can find. Nevertheless, our pre-miums continue to skyrocket. . . . Our out- of-pocket expenses have greatly increased as well. . . . No, we didn’t have junk insurance before ObamaCare, but I’m rather certain that what we have now IS junk insurance. . . . I wish someone would explain to us how a hard working middle class family paying this much for health insurance became a loser under ObamaCare. 
Here is another letter from a Lex-ington father of three and small busi-nessman who has provided insurance to his employees at no cost for decades because he says it is ‘‘the right thing to do.’’ Now he worries how he will be able to afford that next year, with his small business facing substantial in-creases when it comes to health care expenses. Here is what he said: 
At these rates, we will likely be forced to consider alternatives, including forgoing in-surance altogether or pushing at least some of the additional cost onto our employees. This is thanks to, as he put it, ‘‘the cynically named Affordable Care Act.’’ These are the realities of ObamaCare for middle-class Americans across our country. Democrats can deny it, Demo-crats can say this is all some mes-saging problem, Democrats can pretend ObamaCare has been terrific for the country, as the Democratic leader tried to convince us last week, or they can accept that many years after ObamaCare’s passage, the opposite of Senator S
CHUMER ’s prediction is prov-ing true, and it is anything—any-thing—but terrific. The reason Ameri-cans are negative about ObamaCare is precisely because of its substance. Un-fortunately, their fears have material-ized. ObamaCare is shrinking choices, and higher costs present a stark contradic-tion to what its champions promised. Democrats gave us plenty of soaring oratories in 2009. I remember it well. We are finding that the sleepless nights, unpaid bills, and broken prom-ises are actually becoming the hall-marks of this partisan law. It is time for Democrats to stop de-nying reality and ignoring the con-cerns of our country. They need to stop pretending that ObamaCare’s failures can be solved by doubling down on ObamaCare with a government-run plan. It is time for Democrats to fi-nally work with us to build a bridge away from ObamaCare and toward real care for the country because, as one Kentucky op-ed asked, ‘‘if the ACA is failing so completely in delivering on its promises, why keep it? Why throw good money after bad?’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. 
f 
THE SENIOR SENATOR FROM TEXAS Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have a few things to say in a minute, but first I want to say this: Before coming to the Senate and the House, I was a trial lawyer. I have tried over 100 cases to juries, and some of those cases were very difficult. During the time we were in court with the opponent attorney, it was very hard, but as I look back to those days, never after a case was com-pleted were there any hard feelings be-tween me and my adversary during the trial. The reason I mention that today is because I was thinking of my time here over the last few years. I have been in the Senate a long time. Someone else who has been here a long time, al-though not as long as I have, is the as-sistant Republican leader. He had a dis-tinguished career, prior to coming here, in the law. He was a member of the Texas Supreme Court, and he was noted for being the lawyer that he is. I want to say to my friend—he is here on the floor today—that we have had our differences, and we speak about them often. Yesterday I criticized him for doing something that I thought was wrong and not in good keeping with the standards of the Senate, but I want everyone to know that my criticism of the senior Senator from Texas is not based on anything dealing with his character or integrity. I am going to continue criticizing him and others whom I feel are not living up to their responsibilities as a Member of the U.S. Senate. I just want the RECORD spread be-cause a lot of my intention over the last several months has been directed toward the Senator from Texas. I want him to know that I appreciate his being on the floor today. I look back with—pride is maybe the wrong word— satisfaction about my time in the courtroom. Those were difficult cases that I had. When it was all over with, the feelings of the two attorneys were over with. There were no ill feelings. We would then move on to our next cli-ent. So I hope the Senator from Texas accepts my brief statement here in the manner that it is being offered. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican leader loves to come to the floor once or twice a week to talk about how bad ObamaCare is. What I say to him is this: His constant attacks on ObamaCare do not take away from the fact that there are 20 million people who have health insurance today who didn’t have it 6 years ago. The Senator from California came as the speech was being given by the Republican leader and said to me: Remind him of what is going on in California—that we love ObamaCare. It is working wonderfully. Millions of people in California have health insurance that they didn’t have before. She reminded me that in those States where the Republican Governors have agreed to do Medicaid, it is great. In fact, where States have expanded into Medicaid, the rates are approach-ing 10 percent lower than in other States. I need not look at California. Let’s look at Nevada. We have a conservative Republican Governor. Brian Sandoval is his name. I have learned to accept the fact that he is doing a good job. In spite of the fact that in running for Governor he beat my son, Brian Sandoval is a good person. He is doing a good job as Governor of the State of Nevada. He stepped aside and was not worried about the criticism he would receive by helping the people of the State of Nevada, and he has Medicaid in the State of Nevada. The rates there are some 7, 8 percent lower than had he not done that. My friend, the Republican leader, complains about the few choices in the ObamaCare marketplace. Wow, that takes a lot of chutzpah to say that. Be-fore ObamaCare, people had no choice, or the choice was either paying a lot, a whole lot, or not doing anything. Many people just skipped insurance. They were willing to take their chances. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.002 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5585 September 13, 2016 
Now, people go to the marketplace and they have lots of choices. That is why we have 20 million more people who have health insurance now who didn’t have it before. There are many exam-ples, but my friend the Republican leader just ignores them. Preexisting conditions—think about that. Prior to ObamaCare, if you had a child who was born with a birth defect of some kind, if you had a child that developed diabe-tes, or if you were an adult who might have had a car accident, or you were a woman—a woman—who had a pre-existing condition, you had to pay more for your health insurance, if you could get some. Everyone seems to ignore the good that has come from ObamaCare. Eighty-five percent of the people in the marketplaces get financial assistance in buying their coverage. After assist-ance, people are paying an average of $175 a month for their health insur-ance. So ObamaCare is a signature issue of the Obama administration. As he an-nounced yesterday, he is very happy with what ObamaCare has done for the American people, and it should be made better. It could be made better so easily if we could have a little bit of cooperation from the Republicans—a little bit. But we are going to continue focusing on making sure that people understand how well it has worked. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. REID. Mr. President, last evening at 4 o’clock or thereabouts, I had the opportunity to go to the White House and visit with the President, along with Leader M
CCONNELL , Speak-er R
YAN, and Leader P ELOSI . We met for about 1 hour and 15 minutes. It was a very good meeting. We had to discuss a number of issues. We discussed a lot, but I will not talk about them all today. There was a discussion about a path forward to fund the government to pre-vent a government shutdown—in spite of what the Wall Street Journal said today. The Wall Street Journal said in an editorial that the Republicans should just close the government again. I don’t think there are many Re-publicans who agree with the Wall Street Journal editorial. There is reason for some very, very cautious optimism about our meeting last night. We are going to proceed carefully. I know the Republicans will do the same. We have been down this road with the Republicans before. Happy talk is just that a lot of times. We have been optimistic in the past only to see the Republicans fail to live up to their end of the agreement. If we are going to pass a CR that keeps our government open and funded, there are a number of problems that must be addressed. We have to stop ig-noring the problems with Zika. This has been a problem, according to the President of the United States, since last February. We have done nothing to give these people some relief, and they need it. We thought that it was just a problem that affected women and preg-nant women, but it has gotten so much more serious than that. That is plenty serious. But now they are looking at the virus going into people’s eyes and causing vision impairment, blindness. That is men and women. So we have to get something done with Zika. We thought we had it all done here with the work done by Senators MURRAY  and B
LUNT . We had a bill. It wasn’t ev-erything we wanted, and it certainly wasn’t what the President wanted. It was $1.1 billion. We sent it to the House. We don’t need to go through what gymnastics they went through to throw a big monkey wrench into the good work we had done over here by passing it with 89 bipartisan votes. Last week there were 17,000 Ameri-cans infected with Zika. We are told by the Centers for Disease Control that there are now 19,000. That is a 13-per-cent increase in 7 days, and each day it is only going to get worse. We need to treat the Zika virus like the genuine health crisis it is, not a bargaining chip for Republicans to use to attack Planned Parenthood, fly the Confed-erate flag, cut veterans spending by half a billion dollars, and other such things they stuck in the bill that came back from the House. We want to work with the Repub-licans to secure Zika funding, but we will flatly reject any attempt to under-mine women’s health. Once we have taken care of Zika, we must, then, as a Senate address Repub-licans’ issues dealing with the con-tinuing resolution, including riders dealing with the Environmental Pro-tection Agency. They want to weaken the Clean Water Act by exempting pes-ticide spraying from the EPA’s over-seeing what goes on there. We need to find a way forward on both of these important issues, while trying to navigate Senator C
RUZ’s at-tempts to slow down the CR. Unfortu-nately, this is what we have come to expect from my friend, the junior Sen-ator from Texas. This is his shtick. Whenever the Senate has a deadline, he tries to obstruct government funding bills. So we have our work cut out for us. I am cautiously optimistic the Senate will complete its work on the funding of Zika and the CR. We can do it, but it can only happen if we work together and resolve these important topics. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to an-nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 2848, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2848) to provide for the conserva-tion and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for im-provements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Inhofe) amendment No. 4979, in the nature of a substitute. Inhofe amendment No. 4980 (to amendment No. 4979), to make a technical correction. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Republican leader. 
CIVILITY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, while the Democratic leader is still on the floor, let me express my gratitude to him for his remarks earlier. It is true that for better or for worse, we both have to bear the burden of legal train-ing and experience in courtrooms where we learned that adversaries don’t necessarily have to be enemies and to disassociate the arguments we are making from any personal animus or animosity, which, I think, is a very healthy and constructive thing to do. I always remember the excerpt from ‘‘The Taming of the Shrew’’ where one of the speakers said: ‘‘Do as adversaries in law; strive mightily, but eat and drink as friends.’’ So I think that kind of civility is an important admonition for all of us. It is one that maybe we don’t always live up to but one that I think we should continue to strive to emulate. So let me just say to the Democratic leader that I appreciate his comments and perhaps we can all do a little bit better in that category. 
OBAMACARE  
As the minority leader also pointed out, we have some very big disagree-ments. It seems as though each day is likely to bring more news about the awful side effects of President Obama’s signature health care legislation, ObamaCare, as it has come to be called. The truth is that the implementation and the reality of ObamaCare has been nothing short of a disaster for many of the people who I represent in Texas, but it is not limited to the 27 million people or so who live in Texas. The problem has been visited on many peo-ple, as the majority leader commented about earlier with some of the state-ments he made with regard to its im-plementation in various other States. Unfortunately, when Congress and Washington make a mistake, it is the American people who have to pay the price, and it seems as though the con-sequences of ObamaCare are only get-ting worse. I think it is worth remembering—I certainly remember—that it was on Christmas Eve in 2009, at 7 o’clock in the morning, when the Senate passed the ObamaCare legislation with 60 Democrats voting in favor of it and all Republicans voting against it. I think that was the beginning of the failure of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.004 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5586 September 13, 2016 
ObamaCare. What our Democratic friends, including the President, failed to learn is that any time signature leg-islation that affects one-sixth of the economy and every American in this country—any time we pass a law like that, in the absence of some political consensus where each side gets some-thing and gives up something and that builds consensus, then that law is sim-ply not going to be sustainable, beyond the policy problems the law has obvi-ously manifested. I still remember as if it were yester-day, when the President said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. He said: If you like your policy, you can keep your policy. He said that the average family of four would save $2,500 on their health care costs. None of that has proven to be true. In fact, just the opposite is true. That is, un-fortunately, part of the legacy of the broken promises of ObamaCare. It was essentially sold under false pretenses. Back in my old job, before I came to the Senate, I was attorney general of Texas, and we had a consumer protec-tion division that sued people who committed consumer fraud, who rep-resented one thing to consumers and delivered another. We sued them for consumer fraud. Unfortunately, the American people can’t sue the Federal Government for consumer fraud. They would have a pretty good case because of the trail of broken promises known as ObamaCare. I just want to point out a few in-stances of how ObamaCare has proven to be such a disaster for the folks I rep-resent in Texas. Under the so-called Affordable Care Act—which really should be called the un-Affordable Care Act—many of my constituents in Texas are paying more for their insurance. Of course many re-member the PR campaign the Presi-dent and his administration rolled out to the American people. He promised better coverage, more choices, and lower prices. The one component we would think health care reform would deliver and that ObamaCare has been a complete failure on is lower costs for consumers. In fact, because of the man-dates in ObamaCare, such as guaran-teed issue—which is an arcane topic, but because of the way it was struc-tured, it was bound to cost more money, not less—how in the world are we going to get more people covered by charging them more than they cur-rently pay for their health care? We are not, unless we are going to come in the back door and use taxpayer sub-sidies to sort of cushion the blow, but even then, many people are finding ObamaCare simply unaffordable or maybe they can get coverage, but they find out they have a $5,000 deductible. So when they go to the hospital or when they go to the doctor, while they may think they have coverage, they basically are self-insured. Unfortunately, my constituents have learned that ObamaCare has simply failed to deliver. Many people in my State are suffering. Over the past 2 months, it seems as though every week I read another headline in the Texas newspaper about the way it is hurting my constituents. I brought a few of those with me today. First of all, here is the headline in the San Antonio Express-News: ‘‘Obamacare hitting Texas hard as in-surers propose steep rate increases.’’ One might say: Why are you upset with ObamaCare when it is the insurance companies that are raising rates? The reason the insurance companies are raising rates is because people aren’t signing up for ObamaCare if they can avoid it, unless they happen to be older and subject to more illnesses, which means the cost goes up for those who are buying those policies. The article talks about how insur-ance companies are losing hundreds of millions of dollars under ObamaCare. Again, why would we care about insur-ance companies losing hundreds of mil-lions of dollars? As we found out, many of them simply can’t sustain them-selves in the States so they are leav-ing. The majority leader talked about that a moment ago. Just to make ObamaCare viable, many of them are raising premiums by as much as 60 per-cent next year, just to stay in business. Unfortunately, Texas is not unique. Other States such as New York and Il-linois are looking at double-digit pre-mium increases in 2017 as well. That is because, under the President’s signa-ture health care law, insurers are forced to pass along higher costs to customers. If they can’t do it, their only other choice is to leave, leaving consumers with fewer choices and maybe only one choice in a State. That happens when the government—when the masters of the universe in Wash-ington, DC,—think they know better than the market. It is basic economics. The bad headlines don’t stop there. Here is one from the Austin American- Statesman: ‘‘Thousands affected in Texas as Aetna rolls back Obamacare plans.’’ Aetna alone has more than 80,000 customers in Texas. It is one of the biggest health care providers in the country. Their leaving means that thousands of people will have to find a new health care plan. So much for ‘‘if you like what you have, you can keep it,’’ assuming they have a plan they liked, which now is more expensive than what many were paying before ObamaCare was passed. Again, it is not just my constituents in Texas who are hurting. Starting next year, Aetna will offer plans in only 4 States—4 States— down from the current 15. So con-sumers will have even fewer choices starting next year. Aetna wasn’t the only company to leave the State. This poster shows the headline from the Waco Tribune-Her-ald. Scott & White is one of our pre-mier hospitals and health care systems in central Texas. The headline says: ‘‘Scott & White Health Plan leaving Obamacare.’’ According to the article, more than 44,000 Texans will have to find another insurance plan in 2017. Again, because of the extra costs bur-dening these companies, they simply can’t afford to offer coverage, and they have no alternative but to pack up and leave. Finally, here is a headline from the Texas Tribune: ‘‘Health Insurers’ Exit Spells Trouble for Obamacare in Texas.’’ In this story, the Tribune re-ports that in addition to Scott & White and Aetna, an insurance startup called Oscar Insurance also announced it would withdraw from Texas exchanges in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. The Dallas-Fort Worth area is one of the most populous parts of the State. This is absolutely unacceptable. With so many insurance companies pulling out of Texas, Texans will have less health care options, plain and simple. I am beginning to wonder whether the conspiracy theories we heard early on about ObamaCare, that it was built to fail because what the advocates wanted is a single-payer, government- run system, and this was just a predi-cate or prelude to that because it could not work as structured. We can draw our own conclusions, but, the fact is, consumers will have less choice and their health care coverage comes at a higher price. According to one estimate, 60 coun-ties out of 254 counties in Texas will have just one option in 2017 unless other insurance companies decide to enter the market, which is highly un-likely given the way ObamaCare is structured. That means prices will con-tinue to go up. And you wonder why people are frustrated in America, why our politics seem too polarized, and why people seem so angry at what is happening in Washington? At a time when their wages have remained flat because of this administration’s eco-nomic policies—and overregulation being a large part of it—the costs for consumers continue to go up. That means people’s real disposable income is going down, and they are not happy about it—and they shouldn’t be. Texas is a big State. We have very highly populated areas like the Metroplex in Dallas-Fort Worth and Houston and Austin, but we are a big rural State as well. People who live outside of the major cities are the very demographic that ObamaCare was sup-posed to help, but they will be dis-proportionately hurt as fewer compa-nies are able to offer insurance away from major population centers. Com-pany after company is packing up and leaving the exchanges in Texas because ObamaCare simply will not work as structured. It can’t deliver on its prom-ises. At the end of the day, hard-work-ing Texas families have to pay for the partisan policies of this administration and our Democratic colleagues who jammed this through Congress rather than trying to build some consensus, on a bipartisan basis, that would make this sustainable. I remember being at a program where James Baker III, who obviously served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.005 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5587 September 13, 2016 
in the Reagan administration, and Joe Califano, former Secretary of Health and Human Services—a Democrat who served in the Carter administration, a Democratic administration—made the commonsense observation that any time you pass legislation as big as ObamaCare, it is bound to fail because you can’t expect people who opposed the legislation from the very beginning to say: Let me try to rescue you from a bad decision in the first place, when they were essentially frozen out of the process. For example, when Social Security became the law, consensus was reached, and that is the way it should be done. Unfortunately, my constitu-ents in Texas and the American people are paying the price for a bad decision made in 2009 and 2010 to make ObamaCare a purely partisan piece of legislation. I get letters from my constituents all the time who liked their insurance be-fore it was cancelled because of ObamaCare, they liked their doctor whom they could see under their exist-ing health care policy, and they even liked the price they were paying for it—it was affordable before the man-dates of ObamaCare, but one by one they lost their coverage when ObamaCare became the law of the land. I have had some of my constituents tell me they feel terrorized by ObamaCare. Strong words. Others have told me bluntly, they need relief from it: Please, help us. We are drowning in higher costs and fewer choices and we don’t like what we have under ObamaCare. The bottom line is, for all of the purported benefits the Demo-cratic leader talked about—more peo-ple on Medicaid, more people with some form of coverage—we know a huge majority of people feel as though they got a raw deal, and we knew it would be that way from the beginning. That is the reason many people, includ-ing myself, opposed it. That is also the reason why just this year Senate Republicans passed a bill under the budget reconciliation process to repeal ObamaCare, because we feel the American people deserve better. Not surprisingly, President Obama ve-toed it. What we demonstrated is, the political support in the Senate, work-ing with the House, to, hopefully under the next President, build a health care system the American people can afford, giving them the choices they want be-cause unfortunately ObamaCare did not deliver on its promises. We have our work cut out for us in 2017. We demonstrated there are enough votes there to repeal ObamaCare. All we need now is a Presi-dent who will sign it, as we work to-gether to repeal it and give a more af-fordable alternative to ObamaCare that gives people the choices they want and deserve. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, both the Republican majority leader and the Re-publican assistant majority leader have come to the floor to address one issue that is pretty important to them, and it clearly is the focus of their at-tention. The issue today is the Afford-able Care Act, ObamaCare, which was passed by the Senate and the House 6 years ago. What I have missed in most of the debate—no, in fact, what I missed from all of the debate from the Republican side, is their proposal or their alternative. They don’t have one. No, what they want to argue is: We need to go back to the good old days— the good old days of health insurance before the Affordable Care Act. You heard the Senator from Ken-tucky and the Senator from Texas talk about getting back to those good old days and getting rid of the mandates in the Affordable Care Act. What were those mandates in the Affordable Care Act? Here is one. It says if you or any member of your family had a pre-existing condition, you could not be de-nied health insurance. Does any family across America have a family member with a preexisting condition? It turns out there are quite a few—my family and many others. There are 129 million Americans out of 350 million who have a preexisting condition in their family. What did that mean in the good old days before the Affordable Care Act, which the Republicans want to return to? It meant health insurance compa-nies would just flat out say no, we are not going to cover you. You have a child who survived cancer, you have a wife who is a diabetic—no health insur-ance for you. Those are the good old days that Republicans would like to re-turn to, but for 129 million Americans, it means no insurance or unaffordable insurance to go back to the Republican good old days under health insurance. There was also a provision—another mandate in the Affordable Care Act— which said you cannot discriminate against women when it comes to health insurance. Why would health insurance companies charge more money for women than men? Well, women are made differently, have different health needs. But why should they be dis-criminated against when it comes to the cost of health insurance? One of the mandates said that you treat men and women equally when it comes to the payment of premiums. In the good old days, you could discrimi-nate against women. It meant that 157 million American women could pay a higher premium for the same health in-surance as a man. So the good old days, which the Senate Republicans would like to return to in health insurance, would go back to discrimination against women. There was another mandate. The mandate said that if you were a family who had a son or a daughter and you wanted to keep them on your family health insurance until they reached the age of 26, the health insurance companies had to give you that option. It was mandated. In the good old days, which the Senate Republicans would like to return to, there was no require-ment that you be allowed to continue coverage for your son or daughter to age 26. What difference does that make? I re-member when my daughter was going to college and then graduated. I called her and said: Jennifer, do you have health insurance? Oh, Dad, I don’t need that. I feel fine. Well, no parent wants to hear that. You never know what tomorrow’s diag-nosis or tomorrow’s accident is going to bring. So one of the mandates, which the Republicans would like to get rid of, is the mandate that family health insurance cover your children up to age 26 while they are graduating from school, looking for a job, maybe working part time. They want to go back to the good old days when you could tell a family: No, your son or daughter cannot stay under your health insurance plan. There was another provision too. There used to be a Senator who sat right back there; I can picture him right now—Paul Wellstone of Min-nesota. Paul Wellstone was an extraor-dinary Senator who died in a plane crash. You probably remember. Over on that side of the aisle, right at that seat, was Pete Domenici of New Mex-ico. Pete Domenici was a Republican Senator from New Mexico. Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici were two polar opposites in politics, but they had one thing in common. Both of them had members of their family with mental illness. The two of them, Paul Wellstone and Pete Domen-ici, came together and said: Every health insurance plan in America should cover mental health counseling and care—mandated mental health counseling and care. Those two Senators from the oppo-site poles in politics knew, together, that mental illness is, in fact, an ill-ness that can be treated. Health insur-ance plans did not cover it, did not want to cover it. But the mandate that they came up with, included in the Af-fordable Care Act, said: Yes, you will cover mental health illness and mental health counseling. Well, you have just listened to the Senator from Texas talk about doing away with mandates, mandates that require the coverage of mental health illness. There is something else they included, too, and most of us didn’t no-tice. It doesn’t just say mental health illness; it says mental health illness and substance abuse treatment. What I am finding in Illinois, and we are finding across the country because of the opioid and heroin epidemic, is that many families get down on their knees and thank goodness that their health insurance now gives their son or daughter facing the addiction of opioids or heroin health insurance cov-erage for treatment. This is another mandate in the Affordable Care Act that the Senators from Texas and Ken-tucky believe should be gone. That is not all. There is also a man-date in the Affordable Care Act that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.007 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5588 September 13, 2016 
do something to help senior citizens pay for their prescriptions drugs. Under the plan devised by the Repub-licans, there was something called a doughnut hole where seniors could find themselves, after a few months each year, going into their savings accounts for thousands of dollars to pay for their pharmaceuticals and drugs. We put in a mandate in the Afford-able Care Act to start closing that doughnut hole and protecting seniors. The Republicans would have us go back to the good old days when the Medicare prescription program—where seniors were depleting their savings because of the cost of lifesaving drugs. So when you go through the long list of things that are mandated in the Af-fordable Care Act, you have to ask my Republican critics: Which one of those mandates would you get rid of? They suggest that—at least the Senator from Texas suggested—we should get rid of all of these mandates and go back to the good old days of health in-surance. It is true that the cost of health in-surance is going open up. My family knows it. We are under an insurance exchange from the Affordable Care Act. We know it. Others know it as well. But to suggest this is brand new since the Affordable Care Act is to ignore re-ality and to ignore the obvious. If you take a look back in time—and not that far back in time—before the passage of the Affordable Care Act, you find some interesting headlines. The Senator from Texas brings head-lines from Texas of the last few months. In 2005, 5 years before the Af-fordable Care Act was law, there was a Los Angeles Times headline that read, ‘‘Rising Premiums Threaten Job-Based Health Coverage.’’ It should not come as any surprise to those of us who have any memory of when the cost of health insurance premiums were going up every single year. In 2006, 4 years before the Affordable Care Act became law, a New York Times headline read, ‘‘Health Care Costs Rise Twice as Much as Infla-tion.’’ In 2008, 2 years before we passed the law, a Washington Post headline read, ‘‘Rising Health Costs Cut Into Wages.’’ It is naive—in fact, it is just plain wrong—to suggest that health care costs were not going up before the Af-fordable Care Act, and health insur-ance premiums were not going up. If you could buy a policy, you could ex-pect the cost of it to go up every year. What we tried to achieve with the Af-fordable Care Act was to slow the rate of growth in health insurance costs. We have achieved that. More than 20 million Americans who did not have it before the Affordable Care Act now have health insurance. We are also finding that the cost of programs like Medicare have gone down over $400 million because we are finding cost savings in health care, cost savings brought about because of the Affordable Care Act. I said $400 mil-lion; sorry, I was wrong. It is $473 bil-lion saved in Medicare since the Af-fordable Care Act because the rate of growth in health care costs has slowed down. For employer premiums, the past 5 years included four of the five slowest growth years on record. Health care price growth since the Affordable Care Act became law has been the slowest in 50 years. Have some premiums gone up? Yes, primarily in the individual mar-ket. Now, the Senator from Texas and I have something in common. The big-gest health insurer in my State is also a major health insurer in Texas—Blue Cross. Blue Cross came to me and said: We are going to have to raise pre-miums. How much, I can’t say ulti-mately. It is still going through the de-cision process. What was the reason? They said: Not enough people are sign-ing up for the health insurance ex-changes. What we are trying to do is to get more people to sign up for health insurance so that we literally have uni-versal coverage across this country. We have made great progress; 20 mil-lion people more are covered. But to argue that we should go back to the good old days of health insurance, of discrimination against people with pre-existing conditions, discrimination against women, making the decision that if your child has a medical condi-tion, your family would not have health insurance—to say that we should go back to that—is that what the Republicans are proposing? I am still waiting for the Republican alter-native to the Affordable Care Act. They have had plenty of time to work on it. They call it partisan law, but let’s make the record clear. In 2009, when President Obama was sworn into office and started this effort to reform health insurance in America, Max Baucus, a Democrat from Montana, was the chairman of the Senate Finance Com-mittee. He reached out to the ranking Republican, C
HUCK GRASSLEY of Iowa, to try to devise a bipartisan bill. They took a long time deliberating and meeting. In fact, many of us were frustrated, saying: When is this going to result in an actual bill? In August of 2009, Senator G
RASSLEY announced he was no longer going to be engaged in that deliberation and negotiation. From that point forward, no Repub-licans participated in the drawing up of the bill or an alternative. It passed on a partisan rollcall despite the best ef-forts of many Democratic Senators to engage the Republicans in at least de-bating the issue and helping us to build the bill. They were opposed and remain op-posed. They still oppose it today and still have no alternative, no substitute. It is their hope that we will somehow return to the good old days of health insurance. Well, they were not good old days for millions of Americans. It meant discrimination, exclusions, ex-penses, and treatment no one wants to return to. One topic is never mentioned by the Republicans when they come to the floor and talk about health insurance. I listened carefully yesterday and again today with Senator MCCONNELL  and with Senator C
ORNYN , and one thing they failed to mention: Did you hear them say anything about the cost of pharmaceuticals and drugs? Not a word. Yet when you ask health insurance companies why premiums are going up, some are saying: They are being driven by the cost of pharmaceuticals. One company says that 25 percent of our premium increase goes to the cost of pharmaceuticals. Well, we know what they are talking about, don’t we. When people take over these pharmaceutical companies, they grab a drug that has been on the market, sometimes for dec-ades, and decide to raise the price 100 percent, 200 percent, and 550 percent in the case of EpiPens, those pens that save kids who have anaphylactic reac-tions to peanuts and other things they are allergic to. So if we are going to deal with the drivers in the cost of health insurance, my friends on the Republican side have to be open to the suggestion that we need to do more to protect American consumers from being fleeced by phar-maceutical companies. Why are we paying so much more for drugs in America that are literally cheaper in Canada and cheaper in Europe? It is be-cause our laws do not give the con-sumers a fighting chance. Our laws allow pharmaceutical companies to charge what they wish with little or no oversight. Do you want to bring down the cost of health care? We have hospitals al-ready engaged in that effort, doctors engaged in that effort, medical profes-sionals committed to that effort. But what one hospital administrator said to me is: Senator, when are we going to get the pharmaceutical companies to join us in trying to reduce the cost to consumers? Let me just close by saying that the Senator from Texas said: There were those in the Senate who wanted to have a government health insurance plan. Guilty as charged—not as the only plan, but as a competitor when it came to these health insurance plans. What if we had Medicare for all across the United States as an alternative in every insurance exchange and allowed consumers across this country to de-cide whether that is an option that is valuable for them? I am not closing out the possibility of private insurers. Let them compete as well. But consumers at least deserve that option, a nonprofit Medicare-for- all insurance plan. It was stopped be-cause we did not have the support of all of the Democrats, to be honest with you, and no support from the Repub-lican side. I still think that is a viable alternative that we should explore. So I will still wait. There will be more and more speeches about the Af-fordable Care Act. I will still wait, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.008 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5589 September 13, 2016 
after 6 years, for the first proposal from the Republican side for the re-placement of the Affordable Care Act. I have not seen it yet, but hope springs eternal. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Nebraska. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise to offer remarks on the Water Re-sources Development Act today. Spe-cifically, I would like to address amendment No. 4996, which has now been modified and included in the Inhofe-Boxer managers’ package. First, to Senators I
NHOFE and B OXER , thank you for your commitment to passing the WRDA bill every 2 years. I appreciate their efforts to work with every Member in this Chamber to make certain that commitment is upheld. The bill reflects our duty and ability to ensure safe, reliable water infrastructure. In large part, it achieves this by granting greater flexi-bility to local stakeholders to manage their community’s diverse water needs. For example, in Nebraska, our 23 nat-ural resource districts will be allowed to fund feasibility studies and receive reimbursement during project con-struction instead of waiting until that project is completed. WRDA also includes real reform for State municipalities, like those in Omaha, struggling with unfunded com-bined sewer overflow mandates. Personally, I am relieved that WRDA 2016 eliminates the EPA’s flawed me-dian-household income affordability measurement which hurts fixed- and low-income families. Regarding amendment No. 4996, I thank the chair, the ranking member, and staff of the EPW Committee for working with me in a bipartisan man-ner to ensure that America’s farmers and ranchers have greater certainty for their on-farm fuel and animal feed storage. This amendment provides a limited exemption to farmers from the EPA’s spill prevention, containment, and control—or the SPCC—rule. Two years ago I worked with Senator B
OXER , who was then chairman of the committee, in a good-faith effort to ad-dress concerns raised by my constitu-ents about this rule, and I am very pleased to have the opportunity to do so again. My modified amendment would whol-ly exempt animal feed storage tanks from the SPCC rule both in terms of aggregate storage and single-tank stor-age. Further, this amendment includes additional language that will exempt up to 2,000 gallons of capacity on re-mote or separate parcels of land as long as these tanks are not larger than 1,000 gallons each. Ultimately, this will give ag producers greater flexibility to access the necessary fuel needed to power machinery, equipment, and irri-gation pumps. Some may think these are just tech-nical tweaks, but let me assure you they are critically important to farm-ers and ranchers across our country. Most agricultural producers live miles away from the nearest refueling sta-tion; therefore, producers rely upon on- farm fuel storage to supply the fuel they need at the time they need it. This amendment will ensure that pro-ducers can maintain that on-farm fuel storage. It will bring some reasonable, measured exemptions to the SPCC rule for small- and medium-sized farms and for livestock producers. This compromise comes at a critical hour for our ag producers. They are struggling through one of the toughest farm economies since the 1980s. Mar-kets are weak, and margins are tight. This compromise offers much needed regulatory relief. For many, it is a life-line. It lifts an unnecessary burden. I urge my colleagues to support these commonsense exemptions that will limit harmful Federal regulations on the men and women who feed a very hungry world. I wish to comment brief-ly on those harmful regulations. As I mentioned, the Senate passed a provi-sion in the 2014 WRDA bill requiring the EPA to do some research before de-termining what is and what is not an appropriate, safe fuel storage level for the average American farmer. It is my view—and it is shared by many pro-ducers across the country—that if there is no risk, then there is no reason to regulate. Don’t fix problems that don’t exist. The EPA released results of this study last year, and it is difficult for me to call it a study. The word ‘‘study’’ carries with it the implication of care-ful scrutiny. The EPA’s report was, in reality, a collection of assumptions lacking in scientific evidence. It sup-ported a recommendation that moved the goalposts on the exemption levels below the minimum that was pre-viously agreed to by this Chamber and signed into law. The EPA report failed to show that on-farm fuel storage poses a significant risk to water quality. It cited seven examples of significant fuel spills and not one of them occurred on a farm or a ranch. Even more mis-leading, one referenced a spill of 3,000 gallons of jet fuel. I know that in the Presiding Officer’s State of South Da-kota and in my State of Nebraska, it would be very hard to find a farmer who employs the use of a jet engine when they are harvesting a cornfield. To place these costly fees and heavy regulations on farmers and ranchers at so difficult a time is very dangerous and it is serious. To do so based on a report with false, misleading informa-tion is irresponsible. I know the impact of Federal policies from first-hand experience. Farmers and ranchers understand that their success is the direct result of careful stewardship of our natural resources. We depend on a healthy environment for our very livelihoods. We know the value of clean water—you cannot raise cattle or corn without it. No one works harder to protect the quality of our streams and our aquifers. When it comes to preventing spills from on- farm fuel storage, producers already have every incentive in the world. We live on this land and our families drink the water. Again, I thank Chairman INHOFE and Ranking Member B
OXER for their will-ingness to come together, reach a com-promise, and safeguard the livelihoods of our farmers and ranchers. The Senate’s approval of WRDA will be a relief for farmers throughout Ne-braska and all across America, who should not face these unnecessary reg-ulations. The bipartisan provision re-garding on-farm fuel storage com-pletely exempts animal feed ingredi-ents, and it does provide greater flexi-bility to producers to access the fuel where they need it, and that is reflec-tive of the real-world realities we face in production agriculture. I appreciate my colleagues’ support and cooperation on this issue. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, if ever there were an issue that ought to be bi-partisan, it is tackling the Zika virus because this virus, of course, is taking an enormous toll on our country. What we are seeing is women and men getting infected, research stalling out, and babies being born with de-formities and severe disabilities. My view is there shouldn’t be anything partisan about tackling this. It ought to be common sense. The Senate ought to come together, and we should have done it quite some time ago. Yet Re-publican leaders seem to be putting this into slow motion because they want to limit access to the very health services pregnant women depend on for their care. When you listen to their view, it is almost like giving pregnant women cans of bug spray and wishing them good luck. In my view, that de-fies common sense. What I have always felt—and this has been true throughout my time in pub-lic service—is that with the big public health issues where the safety and well-being of so many Americans is on the line, you say: What we are going to do is we are going to do our job, we are going to come together, and we are going to do it in a bipartisan fashion based on what researchers and public health authorities say makes sense. Yet here the Senate is on an issue that is at the forefront of the minds of millions of American women and fami-lies, and what we are being told by Re-publicans is that the price of dealing with the Zika virus is limiting wom-en’s rights and reducing access to re-productive health care, and so much of that agenda is a preventive agenda, which is exactly what the public health authorities say is most important. My hope is that this Congress is very quickly going to say that we are going to set aside the anti-women, anti-fam-ily language, and, as part of a must- pass bill, that we are going to say we are going to come together as a body, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.009 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5590 September 13, 2016 
Democrats and Republicans, and ad-dress what are clear public health rec-ommendations of the leading special-ists in this country and do the job that Americans told us to do, which is, when you have something that affects millions of Americans and their health and safety—I had a number of forums on the Zika virus this summer in Or-egon. It is a great concern. For exam-ple, the Oregon Health Sciences Center, our premier health research body, is very concerned about the research agenda stalling out. I would say to my colleagues, let’s set aside this question of trying to find ideological trophies as part of the Zika legislation. Let’s address the clear pub-lic health recommendations we have received. Let’s do it in a bipartisan way. Let’s do it in a way that reflects common sense, and let’s do it quickly. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I come to the floor after having seen the minority leader and then the minority whip on the floor this morning talking about the President’s health care law. It is a law that the President said peo-ple should forcefully defend and be proud. What I heard was a defense of a bill—now a law—that was passed solely along partisan lines a number of years ago. It is very hard to be proud or de-fend that law based on what the Amer-ican people are experiencing. I come to the floor noting that the President is from the home State of Il-linois, the minority whip is from the home State of Illinois, and there have been a number of stories in the press recently from that State about just how horrendous the impact of the law has been on the people of the Presi-dent’s home State, to the point that just yesterday there was a story in the Washington Examiner with the head-line ‘‘Illinois gets ready for huge Obamacare rate hikes.’’ People say: Well, what is not to like about ObamaCare? According to a Crain’s Chicago Busi-ness report dated August 27—the head-line is ‘‘What’s not to like about ObamaCare? Plenty in Illinois.’’ There is plenty in Illinois not to like about ObamaCare, but it is not just Il-linois and it is not just Nevada, where the minority leader is from; a Gallup poll of the entire country that recently came out showed that more Americans are negative than positive about the health care law. Have there been some people who have been helped? Abso-lutely. But overall, most Americans in this case have said the impact has been more negative than positive. It is interesting because the way the question was asked—they asked: Has this health care law helped you person-ally or has it hurt you and your fam-ily? I was astonished to see that 29 per-cent of Americans say ObamaCare has hurt them and their families person-ally. Three out of ten Americans say this law has hurt them and their fami-lies personally. Well, how does that happen? Maybe they lost their doctor. The President said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Many people couldn’t, in spite of what the President told them. The President told them their insurance premiums would drop by $2,500. Instead, people are noticing premiums going up around the country. The President said: If you like your plan, you can keep your plan. We know that has not been true. And then what I found additionally astonishing and should be concerning to all of us as Americans—and as a doc-tor most concerning to me—is the question, How will this health care law affect your family in the future? More Americans expect the health care law to make their family’s health care sit-uation worse in the long term. These are people talking about their own families, not the minority leader or the minority whip or the President of the United States coming to the floor and talking about this and that— the theoretical aspects. I am talking about American families—men, women, children—all trying to live a healthy life and finding it has been im-peded, hurt by the President’s health care law. It is amazing that 36 percent—more than one in three Americans—expect this health care law to make their fam-ily’s health care situation worse. Did we hear about that during the debate on the Senate floor when the bill was written behind closed doors in H
ARRY  R
EID’s office or when N ANCY PELOSI  said: First you have to pass it before you find out what is in it. Did the American people understand that 6 years later, over one in three would say personally their health care and the health of their own family would be worse because of this law? The State of Illinois. This is the headline yesterday: ‘‘Illinois gets ready for huge Obamacare rate hikes.’’ The first line of the story: ‘‘Half the insur-ers selling plans in Illinois’ Obamacare marketplaces are hiking prices by 50 percent on average, according to the final rates the State published Wednes-day.’’ These are rates approved by the State of Illinois. Remember, the Presi-dent said: Oh, we will not let them go up that high. The State of Illinois says that is the only way they can stay in business. Another headline: ‘‘Illinois Obamacare rates could soar as state submits insurance premium increase to the feds.’’ Rates could increase by an average—and we know what the ap-proval rate is—over half will be in-creasing by over 50 percent. So with that impact, it is interesting that for a 21-year-old nonsmoker—we are talking about somebody who is healthy, who doesn’t smoke, and who probably goes to the gym—if they are buying the low-est price silver plan in Cook County, IL—we are talking Chicago, talking about the President’s hometown—next year, that 21-year-old healthy indi-vidual, nonsmoker, could pay a pre-mium of $221 a month, up from $152 a month. That is a $70 higher premium every month—$840 for the year—for a 21-year-old who is just trying to get health insurance because the law says they have to buy it. The President says: You just can’t get what works for you, you have to buy what I say works for you. You have to listen to the President on this. You can’t choose what makes sense for you. The President says: Don’t worry. Tax-payers will subsidize it. If you are not receiving a taxpayer subsidy, you are paying the subsidy for that person, but a lot of people don’t get the subsidies. According to the sit-uation in Chicago, about 25 percent of the people who buy insurance on the exchange—the customers there, which is about 84,000 people—do not receive tax credits. They don’t receive the sub-sidy. So they are feeling this in their pocketbooks because the President says they have to buy it because he thinks he knows better, and it sounds like the minority leader and the minor-ity whip have that same opinion. So the headline comes out, ‘‘What’s not to like about Obamacare?’’ And then the answer to the question is: ‘‘Plenty in Illinois.’’ It talks about Illi-nois residents who buy health insur-ance through the ObamaCare exchange should brace themselves for steep pre-mium increases, but it is not just the premiums. They also have to brace themselves for fewer doctors to choose from—less choice in doctors, less choice in hospitals to go to when they enroll, and the enrollment opens on November 1. The big national health insurance companies have pulled out of Illinois because of substantial losses. There is actually a co-op in Illinois called the Land of Lincoln co-op. It lost $91 mil-lion and they closed their doors. Is it only Illinois, is it only Nevada where they are down to just one choice in most of the State? The President promised a marketplace, but instead it is a monopoly. Companies have pulled out. People have very few choices, if any. The article says: 
While people buying insurance coverage through the Illinois exchange may howl, pre-miums are jumping even higher in other States. For instance, the insurance commis-sioner of Tennessee, declaring the state’s ex-change market ‘‘very near collapse.’’ 
Very near collapse in Tennessee. Yet they approved an increase—the one in-surance company—of 62 percent. A 62- percent increase. Is that what the President means when he says ‘‘force-fully defend and be proud’’? The President and Senators on the floor today talked about the issues, and the President pointed to this, and he said: Oh, well, people aren’t going to have to go to the emergency room after the ObamaCare health care law has been passed because they will only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.011 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5591 September 13, 2016 
have to use it for emergencies and not for routine care. Well, what came out in the Chicago Tribune, the President’s hometown newspaper, on August 30 of this year? ‘‘Illinois emergency room visits increased after Obamacare.’’ They increased. The article says: ‘‘Emergency visits in Illinois increased . . . by more than 14,000 visits a month on average, in 2014 and 2015 compared’’ to before the President’s health care law was signed. This is from the Annals of Emergency Medicine. They follow these things. The article in the Chicago Tribune says one of the goals of expanding cov-erage to all was to reduce the use of pricey services such as emergency de-partment services. That is what the President said. That is what the Demo-crats said when this bill was being de-bated. The emergency room was the area of last resort for people who didn’t have doctors and who didn’t see them regularly, so with the health care law, they wouldn’t need to go to the emer-gency room, but the study’s authors noted that this spike of visits in Illi-nois runs contrary to what the Presi-dent promised and the President’s goal. The co-ops have been especially trou-bling and certainly in Illinois the Land of Lincoln co-op, but it is not just Illi-nois. Co-op after co-op after co-op has failed, including one yesterday in the State of New Jersey—gone. What does Crain’s, the Chicago business news-paper, say about Illinois? ‘‘Illinois Obamacare plan to fold after 3-year run.’’ ‘‘Land of Lincoln Health, an Obamacare insurer that launched three years ago to bring competition’’—the idea of the President, saying he wanted to bring competition—‘‘to the online exchange, is liquidating among big fi-nancial losses.’’ In location after location, State by State, people who have relied upon the President’s promises have been bitterly disappointed. What is so distressing about what happened in Illinois with the co-op is that because it failed dur-ing the middle of the year—done—peo-ple then need to find new insurance. We have talked before about the issues of high copays, high deductibles. When a co-op fails and you have to buy new insurance, you have to start over from scratch with paying the copays, paying the deductibles. So somebody who actually bought insurance through the President’s idea of this co-op—a co- op that has now failed—finds them-selves not only having to find a new in-surance company—if they can find one—because the law says they have to buy it, but they also have to start over. So the Land of Lincoln—the so-called co-op health insurer on the State ex-change—is going to shut down the end of September—in a couple weeks. Its 49,000 Illinois members—this is accord-ing to the Chicago Tribune—its 49,000 Illinois members have to get new insur-ance coverage for October, November, and December because it is done at the end of this month. They will likely have to start from zero again on their deductibles and out-of-pocket max-imum payments, in some cases costing them thousands of additional dollars. Is that what President Obama means when he says forcefully defend and be proud? There is very little to be proud about what this President has brought upon the American people, which is why we see so many families con-cerned. The final issue I bring up is the fact that so few people are signing up in spite of the fines, in spite of the taxes, and in spite of the mandates, to the point that the Washington Post had a front-page story entitled ‘‘Health-care exchange sign-ups fall far short of fore-casts.’’ At this point, they expected 24 million people signing up. They are at 11 million. So they are 13 million short. There are still almost 30 million people in this country uninsured, but it is not because they are making it hard to sign up. Oh, no, Mr. President. You may have seen this story that came out yesterday on CNBC news: ‘‘Obamacare marketplaces remain vul-nerable to fraud, new government au-dits find.’’ The article says: ‘‘Two new government audits reveal that the na-tion’s Obamacare marketplaces remain ‘vulnerable to fraud,’ after investiga-tors successfully applied for coverage for multiple people who don’t actually exist.’’ They made up people, they applied, and the ObamaCare exchange sold them the insurance and counted them as good. It says: ‘‘In several cases this year, fake people who hadn’t filed tax returns for 2014 were still able to get Obamacare tax credits. . . .’’ They were not just able to get insurance but got subsidies from hard-working Amer-ican taxpayers. They were still able to get ObamaCare tax credits to help pay their monthly premiums for coverage right now. Continuing to quote from the article: ‘‘This year is the first year in which applicants for those subsidies had to have actually filed their federal tax re-turns from prior coverage years. . . .’’ But they had not filed them. That didn’t matter to the ObamaCare ex-change people. They are so desperate to get people to sign up because so few people are signing up that they will sign up people who don’t exist. They put up 10 fictitious applica-tions, with 8 of them failing the initial online identity checking process, but all 10 were successfully approved, ac-cording to the Government Account-ability Office. It is amazing that people all around the country know how poorly this law is working for them in terms of their lives and their families. I heard one of the Senators today say Republicans have no options. The Republicans have offered plenty of responses to what is happening with the Obama health care law. The State health care CHOICE Act allows States to make a lot of deci-sions that are now being made by unelected, unaccountable Washington bureaucrats. We have plans working to-ward patient-centered care to allow people to get the care they need from the doctor they choose at lower costs. These are things that have been re-jected by the Democrats because the President has said ‘‘forcefully defend and be proud.’’ Hillary Clinton has said defend and build upon. She wants to do it with additional taxpayer subsidies— subsidies that go to people who do not exist, subsidies that don’t deal with the cost of care, subsidies that don’t deal with the fact that people are facing high deductibles, high copays, and can’t keep their doctors. In spite of what the President and the Democrats may say, and in spite of what candidate Clinton may say, a huge number of American people have considerable fears their life will be made worse by the President’s health care law. Almost 3 in 10 Americans today—29 percent of Americans today— say they and their families have been personally harmed by the President’s health care law. That is a sign of fail-ure, Mr. President. It is not a sign of success. It is not something people should forcefully defend and be proud of. It is a sign we need to take a dif-ferent path—a path that is not the Obama approach, not the one-size-fits- all, and it is not the Washington knows better than the people at home. We need to get the decisions out of Washington and being made at home so the American people—people who just want to get up, go to work, take care of their family, and get affordable care when they need it—can get the care they need, from a doctor they choose, at a lower cost. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I am here today to speak in support of the Water Resources Development Act, or what we call WRDA. I thank Chairman I
NHOFE and Ranking Member B OXER for the way they have worked very well to-gether to get this very important piece of legislation across the finish line, as they did with the Transportation bill. This piece of legislation has broad bi-partisan support. As we know, West Virginia suffered historic flooding this summer. We can see this in Greenbrier County, WV, on June 25, 2016. This shows how swollen and filled all the waterways were. We lost 23 West Virginians from the storms, and tens of thousands suffered catastrophic damages to their homes and to their livelihoods. WRDA con-tains a number of provisions that will help prevent this kind of devastation in the future. We can no longer wait until it fails to fix our Nation’s infrastruc-ture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.012 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5592 September 13, 2016 
In addition to a major loss of life, communities across West Virginia are dealing with significant economic losses that will take years to recover. Our friends in Louisiana are going through the same, very difficult build-ing back. Let me touch on some of the high-lights of the WRDA bill. I sponsored a provision in WRDA with my fellow Senator from West Vir-ginia, Mr. M
ANCHIN , to study the feasi-bility of implementing projects for flood risk management within West Virginia’s Kanawha River Basin— something such as this—to prevent this. This bill also addresses dam safe-ty and includes a provision I have been working on with Senator J
ACKREED. I thank him for his hard work in this area. According to the Army Corps of En-gineers’ ‘‘National Inventory of Dams,’’ there are more than 14,000 high-hazard potential dams in the United States. As we know, the State of West Virginia has a lot of mountains, a lot of valleys, a lot of water, and a lot of dams. Some 422 of those dams are located in my small State of West Virginia. Put sim-ply, when a dam has high-hazard poten-tial, it means that if the dam fails, peo-ple will lose their lives and their prop-erty. This provision allows for $530 million over 10 years for a FEMA program to fix those dams. I know that States across the Nation would welcome this provision. Flood prevention and mitigation is only one of the important parts of this WRDA bill. WRDA also has drinking water infrastructure—an issue, again, that is very important to all of us. In my State of West Virginia, we dealt with this firsthand, in 2014, following the Freedom Industries spill into the Elk River. As we may recall, that caused 600,000 people to lose their water for a large period of time—sev-eral weeks in some cases. WRDA provides assistance to small, disadvantaged, and underserved com-munities. It will replace lead service lines in these communities and address sewer overflows. We have so much aging infrastructure in this country. It includes $170 million to address lead emergencies—like those in Flint, MI— and other public health consequences. It provides $70 million to capitalize the new Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, better known as WIFIA. That program provides loans for water and wastewater infrastruc-ture anywhere in the country. This program is modeled after a similar and highly successful program that sup-ports our highways. Maximizing the use of our waterways is another important part of WRDA. In my State, our rivers not only provide commercial transport but also vital recreational opportunities. I have sub-mitted a bipartisan amendment, which I hope will be accepted into the final bill, that emphasizes the increasing use of locks along the Monongahela River for recreational use. Finally, WRDA includes consensus legislation to allow EPA to review and approve State permitting programs for coal ash disposal. The EPA’s coal ash rule went into effect last October, but EPA does not currently have the au-thority to approve our State permit-ting programs. This bill fills that gap, benefiting utilities, States, and the en-vironment by authorizing State over-sight of coal ash disposal. There is no other environmental regulation solely enforced simply through private law-suits, which is what we are seeing. So this bill fixes that by giving States the authority, and it empowers local enti-ties to help keep their infrastructure strong and functioning. Lastly, the bill gets us back to a reg-ular schedule of passing WRDA every 2 years. Doing so will allow us to con-tinue to modernize our water transpor-tation infrastructure and keep up with flood protection and environmental restoration needs across the country. So let’s seize this opportunity. This is a significant bill with a number of benefits for a lot of States all across the country. This legislation proactively addresses a number of con-cerns. It will bring short-term and long-term gains to our economy, and it will show the American people that Congress can come together in a bipar-tisan way to fix problems, to support needed improvements to our infra-structure, and to make the right in-vestments in our communities. Lastly, I wish to add that the dev-astating floods we had in West Virginia took 23 lives, but what it showed us as West Virginians is what a great Nation we live in. I want to take the time to thank people from across this country who drove to West Virginia, who sent money to West Virginia, who raised money for West Virginians, who sent supplies, and who said prayers for all the many families who were devastated and still suffer the devastation from a flood such as this throughout our State. I think we do sometimes focus a lit-tle bit too much on what is going wrong in this country. For me, one of the things that is going right is the volunteerism, the benevolence, the lov-ing embrace that we felt in West Vir-ginia from the rest of the country when we went through such a devastating flood but that other areas of the coun-try feel when they suffer like con-sequences. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, it is really propitious that the Senator from Nevada is in the Chair today because I am going to speak about our legisla-tion, which is part of the WRDA bill. Let me begin by thanking the Pre-siding Officer for his leadership. We put this legislation together in 2015. This has to do with Lake Tahoe, and the Presiding Officer was the main author of the bill. Senator REID, Senator B
OXER , and I were supporters, and here it is in this WRDA bill. I want the Pre-siding Officer to know how I feel. This is how the Senate should work. We worked together for something that has benefited both of our States, and we are able to say we are getting the job done. I wish to congratulate the Presiding Officer, Senator H
ELLER . This is so spe-cial for me. I am delighted that Sen-ator H
ELLER is in the Chair, and maybe I can briefly go over the last 20 years of work on Lake Tahoe to bring us to this moment. I know Senator H
ELLER  couldn’t be at the summit this year, but I want him to know that he was really missed, and I want him to know that Senator R
EIDput together one amazing summit. As a matter of fact, I called him and said: H
ARRY , you can’t have a rock group at this summit. This is a serious thing. We meet every year, and we go over all of the science, plan-ning, and problems at the lake. He said: Let me tell you something. I am retiring. It is my turn to do this, and I am going to do it my way. And it turned out to be great. I want the Presiding Officer to know that 7,000 people attended the summit. Our Governor spoke, but your Governor could not be there because he was com-mitted to an event in your State. Sen-ator B
OXER spoke, Senator R EID, of course, spoke, and the President was there and also spoke. I was worried that it would be difficult if all of us spoke because there were 7,000 people expecting to hear this Las Vegas rock band called the Killers after the pro-gram. Well, I must tell you that they were the utmost in terms of an audience. After the program was finished, and be-fore the rock group performed, I be-came hopeful that we now have a whole new constituency of people working for the preservation of this lake. As I mentioned, I have worked on Lake Tahoe with my colleagues for 20 years, and I believe we are at a critical moment. To understand the long-standing commitment to Lake Tahoe, one must start with the first Lake Tahoe Summit in 1997. Senator H
ARRY  R
EID invited President Clinton, and President Clinton’s trip put a spotlight on the declining health of the lake. The 1997 summit also launched a public-pri-vate partnership, or a Team Tahoe, made up of Federal, State, local, tribal, and private sector participants, which has invested $1.9 billion in restoration of Lake Tahoe. I want to just quickly report to the Presiding Officer some of the numbers, if I may. As I stated, we have invested $1.9 billion in the lake over 20 years—$635 million is Federal dollars, $759 million is California dol-lars, and $124 million is Nevada dollars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.014 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5593 September 13, 2016 
As you know, southern Nevada land sales have gone into this, thanks to your Governor and also Senator R
EID. Local governments contributed $99 million, and I want you to pay atten-tion to this number: $339 million has been raised by businesses and the pri-vate sector over the 20-year period. What we have is a very real, bi-State combined effort to preserve and restore Lake Tahoe. It is a special partnership. I also want the Presiding Officer to know that during the stakeholders’ luncheon, which preceded the summit, Dr. Geoff Schladow, a professor and sci-entist at University of California, Davis, said that his greatest concern was the fact that this lake is now warming quicker than any large lake in the world. Also, the Tahoe Environ-mental Research Center at UC-Davis recently released their annual ‘‘State of the Lake’’ report for 2016 which we discussed. We learned this year that the average daily minimum air tem-perature rose 4.3 degrees. And the aver-age annual lake clarity depth de-creased by 4.8 feet. In addition, we learned that prolonged drought and dead trees are increasing the risk for catastrophic wildfire. Sedimentation and pollution continue to decrease water quality and the lake’s treasured clarity. And invasive species, like the quagga mussel, milfoil, and Asian clam, continue to threaten the lake and the economy of the region. We are going to have a continuing problem with the challenges we face, and that is why it is so important and timely to pass the Tahoe bill. I am so proud of the accomplish-ments that we have made together. I want to again thank the Presiding Offi-cer for this because it is really impor-tant. Lake Tahoe is one of two big, clear lakes in the world. The other is Lake Baikal in Russia. It is the jewel of the Sierras and known throughout the world for its beauty. It is a na-tional treasure we must protect. Let me cite what we have done and the progress we have made to date. We have completed nearly 500 projects, and 120 more are in the works. Our com-pleted projects include erosion control on 729 miles of roads and 65,000 acres of hazardous fuels treatment. More than 16,000 acres of wildlife habitat and 1,500 acres of stream environment zones have been restored, and 2,770 linear feet of shoreline has been added to the lake. I think what we have overall now is a bi-State Team Tahoe, and I think it took us 20 years to get there. I remem-ber when Senator R
EIDgot President Clinton to come in 1997, as I mentioned earlier, and had a big meeting at Tahoe Commons, which many of us attended. At that time, everybody was fighting. Planning agencies were fighting with homeowners, and environmentalists were fighting with others, but that doesn’t exist today. Today we have ef-fected a team, and I am so pleased that the Senator from Nevada is in the Chair, which was completely un-planned, so I can say thank you and how very proud I am that we have achieved this and that it is part of the WRDA bill. This Tahoe bill builds off of these 20 years of collaborative work and in-cludes $415 million over 10 years in Federal funding authorizations for wildfire fuel reduction, forest restora-tion projects, funding for the invasive species management program and the successful boat inspection program, funding for projects to prevent water pollution and manage stormwater, and funds for the Environmental Improve-ment Program, which prioritizes the most effective projects for restoration. I wish to particularly thank our col-leagues, Senator INHOFE and Senator B
OXER . The only way you get this done is by working together, and I think the fact that they have worked together has ensured that we now have this op-portunity to deal with this new chal-lenge, which is unprecedented warm-ing. Along those lines, just a word: As I understand what is happening, the projection is for less snow and more rain, which means more warm water. This impacts the cold-water fish in the Lake, and the Truckee River, which is fueled by Tahoe, and all of the streams that play into Lake Tahoe really de-pend on that snowpack. So the next few years, I think, are going to be cru-cial. The time to act is now, and the Fed-eral Government must take a leading role. Close to 80 percent of the land surrounding Lake Tahoe is public land, including more than 150,000 acres of na-tional forest. Federal lands include beaches, hiking and biking trails, campgrounds, and riding stables. So the Federal Government has a major responsibility to see that these public lands remain in prime condition. And that is what this bill would help do. I want the Presiding Officer to know that I look forward to working with him. We must continue the tradition that was set by Senator I
NHOFE and Senator B
OXER , which Senator R EID helped to start. We have to carry on. I am delighted that the Senate is work-ing again and that this bill is part of the WRDA bill. I want to end by once again thanking the Presiding Officer for his leadership. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I am pleased to report that we had some en-couraging news yesterday with the an-nouncement of the Senate majority leader that additional money to fight the Zika virus would be included in the continuing resolution, which is the budget document that will help to move us forward at least through De-cember and that hopefully will be mov-ing through the Senate very soon. Throughout my time in the Senate, I have regularly opposed these short- term spending bills because I don’t think funding government on a month- to-month basis is the smart way to run the government of the most powerful and important Nation on Earth. But with Zika becoming a public health emergency the way it has, this is a nec-essary exception for me to make. All of us, obviously, will reserve to see all the other details of this budget document, but assuming it is as reported—as I am aware in the conversations that are on-going—I will be supporting this con-tinuing resolution. It is worth making an exception for something like this when the Zika funding is in it. At this point, I just really believe we need to get Zika funding approved and moving. We need to make sure that the fight for Zika doesn’t run out of money by the end of this month. For me, that is the most urgent priority. We can’t let the perfect be the enemy of the good. The perfect, I believe, is still the full funding that was origi-nally requested—the $1.9 billion, which I supported. The good is what, hope-fully, will be finalized soon and, hope-fully, will pass quickly. But the unac-ceptable would be to do nothing and to let the money run out on the ongoing efforts to fight Zika. Even the $1.9 billion the administra-tion requested months ago will not ul-timately be enough. We do not know for sure how much more will be needed to win this fight, but the $1.1 billion for Zika that is being negotiated would be a step in the right direction and would mean more resources for my home State of Florida, which is in the conti-nental United States and has been dis-proportionately impacted. Just yester-day, there were another six cases of confirmed transmissions in the State and not travel-related, and of course there is the suffering that is ongoing on the island of Puerto Rico, where a significant percentage of the popu-lation has now been affected and/or in-fected by Zika. I have been talking about this issue since January, and it has been frus-trating to see it tied up in Washing-ton’s political games. As I said repeat-edly, I believe both parties are to blame for our getting to this moment. On the one hand, I believe Members of my own party have been slow to re-spond to this, and there were efforts, I believe, to try to cut corners on fund-ing, which will cost us money in the long term. But on the other hand, you have Democrats here inventing ex-cuses—just making it up—in order to oppose it, and they do so for purely po-litical reasons. You have an adminis-tration playing chicken with this issue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.015 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5594 September 13, 2016 
by claiming that money would run out in August, only to discover that they had more money that could be redi-rected from other accounts. Now, thanks to the lack of action by Con-gress and by the administration, we have nearly 19,000 Americans who have been infected, including 800 in Florida and 16,000 on the island of Puerto Rico. We have 86 pregnant women in the State of Florida who have tested posi-tive for the virus, which we know car-ries the risk for heartbreaking birth defects. As I said, the Florida Depart-ment of Health announced that it wasn’t 6; it was 8 new non-travel-re-lated cases, bringing that total to 64. That means there are 8 new cases of people who got Zika somewhere in America, probably in Florida. Zika has also had a devastating eco-nomic impact on Florida. The Miami Herald reported that Miami hotel bookings are down, airfare to South Florida is falling, and business owners in affected areas are reporting steep losses. Polls show many visitors would rather stay away. As tourism takes a hit, so will the entire economy in the State of Florida, since tourism is one of our cornerstone industries. That is why we see all of us from Florida work-ing together across the aisle to get this done. For example, I have worked with my colleague B
ILLNELSON , the senior Senator from Florida, from the very beginning. I will be meeting with our Governor Rick Scott later today about the same issue. The bottom line is that at the na-tional level, like at the State level in Florida, there is no excuse for this issue to be tied up in politics any longer. My colleagues, Zika is not a game, and we need to pass this funding as soon as possible so that our health officials and experts have the resources they need to conduct the vital medical research that will lead us to a vaccine and ultimately help eradicate Zika in Florida, across the United States, on the island of Puerto Rico, and beyond. So yesterday’s announcement is en-couraging. We are closer than we have ever been to getting something done, and now I hope will be the time for ac-tion. Hopefully, we will have some-thing soon that is public and that we can get passed right away. I sincerely hope that Senate Democrats won’t once again make up or find some ex-cuse to oppose it, and I hope that Mem-bers from our party will work coopera-tively as well. I hope, ultimately, that the House will also do the right thing so that we can get this done and we can move forward on the research nec-essary for the vaccine, on the money needed to eradicate these mosquitoes, and, ultimately, on the treatments that people will desperately need to deal with Zika once and for all. 
f 
RECESS Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:26 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. PORTMAN ). 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOP-MENT ACT OF 2016—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is not in a quorum call, so the Sen-ator may proceed. Mr. INHOFE. I thank the Chair. Mr. President, right now the reason there is this long wait is we are trying to get everything in place to pass a major piece of legislation, one that is quite significant. It is comparable to our Transportation bill, comparable to our TSCA bill on chemicals, and it is one that came out of our committee, the Environment and Public Works Committee. It is one I am very proud we were able to get done. Yesterday I talked about the WRDA bill and why it is so important to pass now, the WRDA bill being the water in-frastructure bill. It gives recent real- world examples of the problems our Na-tion is facing and how this legislation can address them. Today I remind everyone of the proc-ess that got us here today. I think it is important because people are saying we don’t go through the daylight very often, where everybody has a chance to participate—everybody. We are in that process right now. Back in December of last year, Sen-ator B
OXER and I sent our ‘‘Dear Col-league’’ out to Members letting them know we were going to do a WRDA bill—Water Resources Development Act—in 2016. This was back in 2015, in December. Well, before the introduction of our bill and our markup in the EPW Com-mittee, we sent out another email ask-ing Members about their priorities, and we got them. We marked up WRDA on April 28, 2016. That means we actually worked on it for 4 months prior to that time, taking up the priorities that peo-ple were sharing with us. We then let all offices know once again that we were preparing to go to the floor with the goal of passing WRDA in the Senate before the August recess. Well, that didn’t happen, but my staff continued to work over the August recess with offices on their pri-orities, and we brought a substitute amendment that was the result of that work to the full Senate on September 8. That was on a Thursday, and we an-nounced that we were going to close the amendments and that everyone should get amendments to us that could be included in the managers’ amendment by noon the next day—the next day being Friday—and they did that. That amendment included over 40 provisions that were added after the committee mark. That is a lot of day-light. Finally, last week I came to the floor to let everyone know that Senator BOXER and I needed to see all the amendments by noon of last Friday if they wanted them to be considered in the managers’ amendment. To date, we have included hundreds of the WRDA priorities from Senate offices, which are included in the substitute, and we were able to clear over 40 additional provisions this weekend. That is just from those that came in prior to noon on Friday. So we had 40 additional pro-visions just as a result of that. We hope to adopt that by voice vote today. I say hopefully, but I think peo-ple are pretty much in agreement that can happen now. Everyone has had a chance. By the way, when we adopt that, we can entertain other amend-ments, and we will work with Members on those amendments. This has been a very open and colle-gial process, and all Members have had their concerns and priorities heard. We have done our best to address Member priorities. And after we are on the bill, we will continue to do our best to clear germane amendments—only germane amendments. What we have in front us is a bipar-tisan bill that will help us modernize our water transportation infracture and keep up with flood protection and environmental restoration needs around the country. The problems the WRDA bill addresses are not State or regional problems, they are problems that face the Nation as a whole. It is clear that people are frustrated with the current political climate. Passing WRDA is a chance for us to start to regain the trust of the Amer-ican people and prove to them we can do our job and get things done. I often refer to the EPW Committee that I chair as the committee that gets things done. And we do. So far we have been very successful. We passed the highway bill. Many people were saying: You will never pass a highway bill, a 5-year bill of that magnitude. Yet we did. That hadn’t been done since 1998, so it ended 17 years of stagnation. Then we passed the TSCA bill. Everyone said: You are not going to get that. Re-member, that was the Frank Lauten-berg bill that he had worked on for quite a number of years. We said: Well, we are going to get it done. We got it done. Senator B
OXER and I do not always see eye to eye. She is one of the most liberal Members of the Senate and I am one of the most conservative Members of the Senate. But we have shown over a period of time, time and time again, that when we work together on an issue, we can accomplish our goal. Now we have the WRDA bill before us— something we have both worked very hard on and a bill we are very proud of. So I am here today to say not passing the WRDA bill is not an option. There is just too much at stake. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.016 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5595 September 13, 2016 
If we don’t pass the WRDA bill, 29 navigation, flood control, and environ-mental restoration projects will not get done. If we don’t pass it, there will be no new Corps reforms to let local sponsors improve infrastructure at their own expense. We would think there would be an easy time getting something through, where we were going to spend somebody else’s money, but this has been difficult. Now we are able to do that—let local sponsors take and improve their infrastructure at their own expense. If we don’t do this, there will be no FEMA assistance to States to rehabilitate unsafe dams, there will be no reforms to help com-munities address clean water and safe drinking water infrastructure man-dates. This is very significant to those of us in Oklahoma and to any of the other smaller populated rural States because the communities cannot afford the unfunded mandates. That is what this is all about. Those mandates come from the clean water and safe drinking water infrastructure. Without this, there would be no new assistance for innovative approaches to clean water and drinking water, and there would be no protection for coal utilities from runaway coal ash lawsuits. As I have reminded as we have gone through this process, the bill is tre-mendously important. It is time to do our job and do what we were sent to do. We have that chance now. This after-noon we need to agree—and we can do this by voice vote—to adopt the man-agers’ amendment, and then we can consider any other amendments. There may not be that many. There is no rea-son in the world we can’t pass the bill through final passage by noon tomor-row. That is our effort. We are going to try to make it happen. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FOREIGN POLICY  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, peo-ple all around the country know that the world is a very dangerous place. It has become more dangerous over the past 7
1⁄2years, and even over the course of this summer. As a member of the Foreign Relations Committee, I come here again to the floor because I have seen one example after another—exam-ples of how the Obama administration seems to not know what is going on when it comes to foreign policy. I believe the Obama administration— and specifically Secretary Clinton as well as President Obama—have been embarrassingly naive with regard to the Russian reset. I think it has been awful, this disastrous Iran nuclear deal. This country has had an inad-equate response to North Korea, which led to another nuclear test just last week. The President’s foreign policy should secure America’s national interests and demonstrate America’s leadership around the world. The question is, Has the Obama foreign policy done that? It really has not. Look at what former President Jimmy Carter had to say. He said this about President Obama: ‘‘I can’t think of many nations in the world where we have a better relationship now than we did when he took over.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘The United States’ influence and prestige and re-spect in the world is probably lower now than it was 6 or 7 years ago.’’ So you have to ask yourself: Why is this happening? Well, I think it is clear that Presi-dent Obama has really refused to stand up to the aggression of other countries. For more than 7 years, the President has followed the advice of his foreign policy team, and I think he has been very, very reluctant and hesitant to take threats seriously. Every time the President does this, he emboldens our adversaries around the world to be more aggressive. Every day the President allows these threats to go unanswered, he is endangering America and our allies. Our allies don’t respect us. Our enemies no longer fear us. Let’s take a look at Syria. It was 5 years ago that President Obama called on Assad to step aside—5 years ago. A few months later, Secretary Hillary Clinton said that it was only a matter of time—almost 5 years ago—before the Assad regime would fall. It was her judgment, the Secretary of State, now running for President. The Obama administration’s policy was to wait and hope for the best. It didn’t back up its words with any meaningful support for the moderate opposition in Syria. In 2012, President Obama said that if Assad used chemical weapons, he would be crossing a redline. Well, Assad knew that when President Obama and his team make threats like that, they are empty threats. So the very next year, Assad used chemical weapons, and the President of the United States did nothing. The redline became a green light, and it remains a green light today. The common rule in terms of foreign policy and deterrence is if you make a statement, you have to back up those words with action or you will invite ag-gression by others, and that is the rea-son our friends no longer trust us and our enemies no longer fear us. Earlier this year, the State Depart-ment admitted that Syria has used chlorine as a chemical weapon system-atically and repeatedly—not just once, not just twice—systematically and re-peatedly against the Syrian people every year—every year since that red-line was drawn. It wasn’t just one time in 2013; it was every year since then. Did President Obama secure Amer-ica’s national interests with his weak response in Syria? Did he demonstrate American leadership? He did not. Let’s move from Syria to Russia. Al-though Russia has been very involved in Syria, let’s take a look at Russia. We all remember Secretary of State at the time Hillary Clinton going to Rus-sia and pushing her ‘‘reset’’ button. We all remember in 2012, President Obama laughed off a suggestion that Russia was a serious threat to the United States. He did it during a Presidential debate. Russia responded to the reset— a reset in terms of what Russia has done—ignored it, sent troops into Ukraine and Crimea, annexed Crimea and invaded eastern Ukraine. President Obama again showed weak-ness in responding to a very aggressive military action by Russia. When Presi-dent Obama shows weakness, which is repeatedly, leaders around the world who watch him move accordingly, and that is why Russia moved. That is why we have seen Vladimir Putin being so aggressive in using his military to keep Assad in power. Recently, President Putin even launched airstrikes from Iranian territory—from Iran—against opposition forces in Syria. What does this do? It props up Assad. The CIA Di-rector told the Senate in June that Assad, in the CIA Director’s words, ‘‘is in a stronger position than he was last year.’’ The CIA Director says that Assad is in a stronger position than he was last year. Hillary Clinton said he was going to fall almost 5 years ago. Why is Syria in a stronger position? The CIA Direc-tor said it was as a result of the Rus-sian military intervention, and that is because Russia can act with impunity. Vladimir Putin knows that because he sees that President Obama continues to show weakness, and Vladimir Putin can smell the weakness. Despite this, the President continues his misguided obsession in negotiating with Russia, as if our two countries have the same goal in mind when it comes to Syria. Listen to what the White House says. The White House says it has negotiated a ceasefire with Russia in Syria. We have seen this before. Russia makes promises. Russia breaks promises. Rus-sia makes new promises. Russia breaks new promises. Syria makes promises. Syria breaks promises. Syria makes other promises. Syria breaks other promises. We have seen it with chemical weapons. We have seen it with this so-called deal that was brokered to get the chemical weapons out of Syria, which Secretary of State Kerry boasts about as being so successful. For almost 8 years, this administra-tion has been living in a cocoon of self- delusion with regard to Russia. Has President Obama, in any way, secured America’s national interests with his weak response to Russia? Has he dem-onstrated American leadership glob-ally? That is what the American people want. They want the United States to be the most powerful and respected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.019 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5596 September 13, 2016 
country on the face of the Earth. It is not what they got with President Obama. What about Iran? The President likes to talk about his nuclear deal with Iran as if he thinks it is the greatest foreign policy success of all time. He believes this deal is paving the way for an Iran without nuclear weapons, but instead it is paving the way for a nu-clear-armed Iran. The deal means the Iranian economy has already begun to benefit from access to more than $100 billion. Now we have learned that, just when that deal went into effect, President Obama went even further and arranged to send Iran another $1.7 billion in cash—euros and Swiss francs, piled up on pallets. He sent $400 million as a down payment in January, and within 24 hours of sending the cash to Iran, the Iranians agreed to release Ameri-cans who they had been holding hos-tage. The White House says it wasn’t a ransom payment to free these Amer-ican hostages. They want the American people to believe it was just a coinci-dence in timing. Well, you can bet the Iranians don’t believe it is a coincidence, and, actu-ally, they said it is not a coincidence. They said it was the money for the re-lease of the hostages. We know from experience that the Iranians see hostage-taking as a valid way of conducting their own foreign policy. The President plays right into their hands. They have also gotten the message that for them it can be a very profitable approach as well. President Obama has been greasing the skids to give billions of dollars to Iran. He has done nothing to get Iran to pay the money it owes to U.S. victims of ter-rorism. Who are the victims of terrorism who are U.S. citizens? According to the Congressional Research Service, courts have awarded more than $55 billion in damages for victims of Iran’s ter-rorism. Most of these include victims of the 1979 Embassy hostage crisis. They include victims in the 1983 bomb-ing of the Marine barracks in Lebanon and the 1996 Khobar Towers bombing in Saudi Arabia. Has President Obama done anything to secure America’s national interests by letting Iran think that we pay ran-som for hostages? Is that a demonstra-tion of leadership? Of course, it is not. We all know the world is a dangerous place and that there are countries that are headed by thugs and zealots, and when the President of the United States responds on behalf of the people of the United States and responds with weakness and desperation, other lead-ers interpret that fear and see it as fear and smell the weakness every time. We are going to keep seeing this kind of aggression and bullying by these macho men, if you will, who run Iran, Syria, Russia, North Korea, and China. These are the leaders around the world who, through the President’s actions, do not respect or fear him. He has brought this on himself and the Amer-ican people due to the way he has re-acted and led the country. These are leaders who smell weakness. We need a foreign policy aimed at se-curing America’s national interests and demonstrating America’s leader-ship. Under President Obama, Amer-ican power has declined, respect around the world has evaporated, and the Obama foreign policy has been a com-plete failure. Jimmy Carter said: ‘‘I can’t think of many nations in the world where we have a better relationship now than we did when [President Obama] took over.’’ I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with my Republican colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, while I was home last weekend, I had a chance to visit with servicemembers at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Great Falls, MT, as well as the Montana Air National Guard, also in Great Falls. Every time I visit them, I am incred-ibly humbled by their character, their dedication, and their determination to-ward their mission. The airmen of Malmstrom bear the great weight of standing ready with the world’s most powerful weapons, employing them everyday as a vital component or our Nation’s nuclear de-terrent force. This is where approxi-mately one-third of our Nation’s inter-continental ballistic missiles reside. I have the utmost faith in the nearly 4,000 airmen at Malmstrom who oper-ate, maintain, and provide security for the missiles that silently sit across North Central Montana. From the air-man first class raised in Butte who stands armed and ready on his first 5- day post, to the senior leadership, I know those airmen will not fail our Na-tion. However, as I speak today, my friends from across the aisle are block-ing funds for these troops, for our troops, and have already six times blocked consideration of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act of 2017, denying our troops the proper funding and support they deserve. So today I am standing here with some of my freshmen colleagues imploring our friends and colleagues on the other side of the aisle to stop the political games-manship. Let’s get back to work, and let’s start with funding our military. We see ISIS expanding into places like Libya and managing to influence people and attacking Western targets in Paris, in Belgium, and even in our homeland, in San Bernardino and Or-lando. We must make sure our military forces have the tools they need to per-form their job and defend against 21st- century threats. A couple of months ago, I was en route to China. On the way over, I stopped at Pearl Harbor and had a briefing from Admiral Harris, the head of Pacific Command, and heard about the threats that are faced right now in the region—in North Korea, for exam-ple. In fact, just Friday morning I was at a 9/11 remembrance ceremony at the chapel at Malmstrom Air Force Base with the airmen there. It was a very moving ceremony as we were remem-bering what happened 15 years ago. We saw the videos and the images of New York and the Pentagon. Thursday night, as I am heading back to Great Falls for the Friday morning remembrance ceremony, I am seeing tweets about a 5.0 quake that occurred in North Korea as they tested their fifth underground nuclear bomb— a bomb that is now starting to rival the size of what was dropped on Hiro-shima—or whether it is spending time in Alaska on the way home and hearing about the threats of Russia and the ag-gression we see from the Russians. Five weeks ago I was in Israel hear-ing firsthand from the Israeli leader-ship of the existential threat of a nu-clear Iran in the future, hearing about Hezbollah and how they now have over 100,000 rockets in Lebanon pointed at Israel, funded in large part by the Ira-nians. There are the Hamas terror tunnels that came out of Gaza. There is noth-ing more chilling than crawling in one of those tunnels. There we were in our jeans and our hiking boots. It wasn’t fancy. It was just outside Gaza in an agricultural area. You could look off and see tractors tending to their fields around us. In Israel there were tunnels built by Hamas, primarily funded and sponsored by the Iranians, where they had very extensive electrical systems, HVAC systems. They found syringes there. They were planning to kidnap Israeli solders and drug them and take them back as hostages. And then going to the Syrian border in a Jeep and standing right on the border between Israel and Syria and glassing into ISIS-controlled villages 3 miles away. Looking across the secu-rity perimeter fence and seeing a black SUV, I asked my Israeli escort there— I said: What am I looking at there? He said: Is there a black flag coming out of the back of it? I said: There is not. He said: That is an Al Qaeda vehicle. This is why we must ensure that our men and our women in uniform have the resources they need to defend our Nation. Whether it is our Nation’s peace- through-strength strategy at Mon-tana’s Malmstrom Air Force Base or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.021 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5597 September 13, 2016 
our Army and Air National Guard members who work to support our communities in times of emergency and respond to deployments overseas, Montana is playing a critical role in meeting our Nation’s security and military needs. At Malmstrom, the commander’s coin that I was given a couple of years ago says this: ‘‘Scaring the hell out of America’s enemies since 1962.’’ They do so because this body—the Senate, the Congress—chose duty over politics. We must stand with our nearly 2 mil-lion members of the U.S. military who fight threats every day. That is why we are down on the floor today fighting on behalf of them. We must stand up for those who stand up for the rights and freedoms we enjoy, and we must make sure we are ready for the 21st-century threat. I am very pleased to have one of my colleagues, Senator R
OUNDS from South Dakota, here. Senator R
OUNDS  was the Governor of South Dakota be-fore he was elected to the Senate, an-other freshman I have the privilege of serving with. Of course, he has Ells-worth Air Force Base there, the home of the B–1 Lancer. I am grateful that Senator R
OUNDS has come down to the floor today—another freshman Sen-ator—to discuss these very important issues. Mr. ROUNDS. I thank Senator D
AINES . I appreciate the opportunity to participate in the colloquy with Sen-ator D
AINES and Senator C APITO , who is also here with us today. I spent 8 years as the Governor of South Dakota. One of the titles you carry when you are the Governor of a State is that you are also the head of the National Guard. You are the chief of the National Guard. You get a chance to actually work as a com-mander in chief with those individuals who put themselves in harm’s way. When you start out, you wonder wheth-er this is simply a term of art, whether it is simply one of those nice titles. During the time that I was Governor, there was a case in which we were lit-erally sending young men and women off to do battle for the United States of America. They were volunteering. They were stepping up. They were leav-ing, hoping to come home. Moms and dads were worried, and with just cause. When they did come home, we would celebrate their safe return, but in some cases, we also mourned with moms and dads because their loved one did not make it home. They gave everything. Yet there seems to be some miscommunication here within the Senate that somehow our actions are not communicated in a way that is im-pacting what those young people who put themselves in harm’s way see. Think about this. As Members of the U.S. Senate, you would think that Re-publicans and Democrats would put some things aside, and I do believe that we will eventually do that. But I think there is nothing wrong with those of us who believe that we should expedite the process of bringing the Defense ap-propriations bill to the floor of the Senate. We should bring attention to the fact that it is not being done today, that it is not being done in an appropriate fashion, and it is not being done in a timely fashion. That, in itself, sends a message to a lot of young men and women who have put themselves in harm’s way and who have already com-mitted themselves to the defense of our country. It was just this last Sunday that we marked the 15th anniversary of the bombings we have referred to as 9/11, the terror attacks which took nearly 3,000 American lives and occurred in New York, Washington, DC, and Penn-sylvania. Fifteen years ago these at-tacks were perpetrated by terrorists whose sole goal was to terrorize Amer-ican citizens and destroy our way of life. Fifteen years later, that risk and that threat have not gone away. The No. 1 responsibility of the Fed-eral Government is the defense of our country. Unless that responsibility is fulfilled, our freedoms are in jeopardy. Yet at this time we in the Senate have been unable to consider legislation— and I mean only consider legislation, not pass it; simply consider it—which we can bring onto the floor the way the Founding Fathers wanted and debate how to make it better. We know we will pass a defense ap-propriations bill, but the question of how we do it and in what order we do it is important. I think whether or not we are prepared to come to the floor— Senate Republicans and Democrats alike—and actually openly discuss the appropriations process is very impor-tant. Yet at this time we in the Senate have not been able to even consider the legislation that funds our troops and our military operations for the upcom-ing year. Our Democratic colleagues on the other side of the aisle are refusing to even bring the Department of Defense Appropriations Act to the floor so we can debate and amend legislation that would equip our Armed Forces with the tools they need to continue their mis-sions. It is one thing if bringing it to the floor meant that it would pass with a majority vote. That is not what it means. What it means is that it still takes 60 votes, meaning Democrats still have the opportunity, if they dis-agree with what we finally end up with, to stop it from moving forward. But you have to start someplace, and start-ing with the Defense appropriations bill is very appropriate. This is not a controversial bill. The Senate Appropriations Committee unanimously approved it by a vote of 30 to 0 earlier this year. The Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, which passed the com-mittee, also adheres to the bipartisan budget agreement that was signed into law last year, and it refrains from any gimmicks and other controversial measures. Simply put, there is no excuse for continuing to block—six times now— the Defense appropriations bill from even being considered on the floor of the Senate. This senseless obstruc-tionism from the other side of the aisle comes at a time in which, according to a recent FOX News poll, a record-high 54 percent of American voters believe that the United States is less safe now than it was before the 9/11 attacks. Continuing to block any appropria-tions bill is ill-advised, but blocking the Defense appropriations bill causes unnecessary uncertainty and endangers our national security efforts. One of the reasons we created a constitution in the first place was that our Found-ing Fathers wanted to provide for the common defense, and that is what this is all about. It should not be blocked from even having a debate. I encourage our friends on the other side of the aisle to join us in recommit-ting ourselves to the primary purpose of government—defending our great Nation from those who seek to destroy us—by at least allowing us to debate the merits of the appropriations bill for the defense of our country on the floor of the Senate. I most certainly appreciate Senator DAINES taking the time to organize this colloquy, and I most certainly ap-preciate my other fellow freshmen Sen-ators stepping up because this is an im-portant item that I think should bind us together and not separate us within the Senate. Thank you for this opportunity to ex-press my thoughts. Mr. DAINES. I thank Senator R
OUNDS for those thoughts. As a mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee myself, I am again struck by thinking that the Defense appropriations bill passed out of our committee by a vote of 30 to 0. Yet trying to bring it to the floor of the Senate just to debate on it, just to begin—let’s bring it down and start having a discussion on this bill that we have stopped six times in a strictly partisan vote. I am pleased to have another fresh-man Senator join us today, Mrs. C
AP-
ITOof West Virginia. Senator C APITO is also a member of the Appropriations Committee. I am grateful Senator C
AP-
ITOis here as well. I know she has the McLaughlin Air National Guard Base, the airlift wing, in her State and is proud to represent the men and women who serve in the Guard in West Vir-ginia. I thank Senator C
APITO for sharing her thoughts today. Mrs. CAPITO. I thank Senator D
AINES for calling us together for what I think is a good reminder to those who are watching and in the Gallery that we are deeply committed to seeing a Senate that functions and a Senate that exercises opinions and has full and open debate on this revered Senate floor. I thank Senator D
AINES for put-ting together the freshmen colloquy. I thank Senator R
OUNDS . We are seatmates, sitting next to one another in this great and beautiful Hall. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.022 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5598 September 13, 2016 
It is interesting to hear everybody’s different perspectives on why this bill is so important. Let’s just recall how we got here. I am a member of the Appropriations Committee with Senator D
AINES , and the Presiding Officer is as well. We de-bated this bill in the committee room. We did several amendment votes. In the subcommittee, many thoughtful decisions were made, and discussions were had as to the priorities of our de-fense capabilities. In the end, we joined together, Republicans and Democrats, and passed this out of the full com-mittee 30 to 0—no opposition. For those of you who are watching and even for me, a freshman in our freshman class, we would think, well, this is a layup. This is about our men and women in uniform. This has over-whelmingly come out in a bipartisan fashion. All 14 Democrats on the com-mittee supported this. What has changed here? What has changed? Why are the Democrats now filibustering to keep the Senate from even considering this legislation that was unanimous out of committee and well discussed? Let’s have the discus-sion on the floor. Yet, six times, as Senator R
OUNDS  said, they have refused to let us con-sider this bill. Why is there a strategy being put forth to keep Congress from working by blocking this and all of the other appropriations bills? Why are they blocking the bill that will equip our troops—the ones who are fighting overseas, training at home and recruit-ing, and those who are caring for our military families here at home? Why? I don’t have the answer to that question. I think the answer lies on the other side of the aisle, but I haven’t heard an answer that sufficiently satisfies my curiosity nor the curiosity of the American people. Senator D
AINES mentioned the McLaughlin Air Guard. We have over 6,000 members from West Virginia in our National Guard. They serve in all reaches of this world, they serve on the border, and they serve for flood relief all around this country. Whenever there is an emergency, the West Vir-ginia National Guard is one of the first ones called up. Thousands are now on Active Duty around the globe, and we have over 100,000 veterans in our State. What kind of message does this send to them? What are they thinking? Why? Why is this being blocked? We all know we live in a dangerous world. We can listen to the radio, we can listen to the discussions, and we can read the news. We know how dan-gerous this world is. If we consider the state of that this administration’s failed policies have created, I think that is the reason why. Why is this being blocked? In Eastern Europe, the Russian mili-tary continues its military buildup. I just returned from a trip over Memo-rial Day to the South China Sea, and we learned there about China con-structing military facilities on man-made islands. Just last week, North Korea con-ducted its latest and largest nuclear test. If it didn’t send chills down your body thinking about that, it should, because they want to get the capabili-ties to reach our western coast. In the Persian Gulf, Iran continues to harass U.S. naval ships and threaten to shoot down surveillance aircraft. Just yesterday a ceasefire in Syria didn’t last hours before the Assad re-gime dropped more barrel bombs on the rebels. The instability is remarkable. Too much is at stake for us to continue to play politics that trumps our defense policy, and all of the threats that we face still persist. The Senate has a tradition—and I was in the House for 14 years. We had a tradition. This was one of the easy bills. The DOD appropriations bill is something—we can do this because as a country we know how important our military is, our men and women in uni-form. This time around should be no different. I strongly urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work with us, to show that unified support that we saw in the committee. We need to show that support to our men and women in uniform, their families, and our veterans. I yield back to Senator DAINES , but I wish to welcome Senator G
ARDNER to the discussion. He is an esteemed mem-ber of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In the Senate, he also has led us in a bipartisan way in passing important sanctions against the North Korean regime. I am also pleased to be on the floor with Senator S
ULLIVAN , my colleague from Alaska, who is a loud and clear voice in support of our military, not just from his experience but from his very enriched background in this area. I go back to my original question. Why? Why are you blocking this? Why can’t we give the certainty that our men and women in uniform, our moms and dads, and our husbands and wives need. Why? Let’s have an answer to that question. Let’s do our job. Let’s pass this bill. Senator D
AINES , thank you again for your leadership. Mr. DAINES. Senator C
APITO has made a very good point. After she spent 14 years in the House, this is the easy bill to pass. Funding our military, funding the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States—that is the easy bill. In the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee, there are 16 Republicans and 14 Democrats. As Senator C
APITO pointed out—another appropriator—it passed 30 to 0 out of the Senate committee on May 26, but we haven’t had a response from the other side as to what has changed since May 26 when we passed it 30 to 0. I thank Senator C
APITO for her thoughts. I now welcome Senator S
ULLIVAN , an-other freshman Senator from Alaska. I wish to say something special about Senator SULLIVAN , U.S. lieutenant colonel, Marine Corps Reserve. We are grateful for his service to our Nation as a marine. I am the son of a marine. I am stand-ing next to a marine on the floor. Sen-ator S
ULLIVAN , thank you. By the way, Senator C
APITO and I both had a chance to visit Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson twice in the first 6 months of this year, various vis-its. It is an impressive operation. I am very proud, as I know you are, of those men and women who wear the uniform. Senator S
ULLIVAN . (Mr. GARDNER assumed the Chair.) Mr. SULLIVAN. I thank Senator D
AINES and all of my colleagues on the floor today, all of the freshman class. The Presiding Officer is part of it. We have a great new class, 12 new fresh-men. As you can see, we are very seri-ous about this topic because this is a critical topic not only to the Senate but also to the country. You know, our friends in the media— they often sit above the Presiding Offi-cer’s chair—you wouldn’t know that the Senate minority leader has filibus-tered spending for our troops six times in the last year. No one reports on it. It is a disgrace, in my view. Last week we and our colleagues on the other side of the aisle were talking a lot about the Senate doing its job. I think if you polled the American peo-ple and you asked them the No. 1 job the Senate, Congress, or Federal Gov-ernment should be doing, it would be defending this Nation. It would be sup-porting the troops. That is the No. 1 thing in terms of the Senate doing its job that we should be focused on. As Senator C
APITO so eloquently talked about, look at where our forces are right now—all over the world. There are 5,000 troops in Iraq. They are in combat. The White House doesn’t like to use the word ‘‘combat,’’ but those troops are in combat. Our troops in Syria, brave pilots, are bombing ISIS, terrorist groups, on a daily basis. They are in combat. Their families know it. Again, we have a White House that doesn’t want to talk about combat. The Press Secretary will not mention the word, but our forces are in combat. We had two aircraft carrier battle groups recently in the South China Sea. It was an incredibly important demonstration of American resolve. We have over a thousand troops who were just put in Europe by the President to reassure our European allies with re-gard to Russian aggression. A new headquarters was stood up in Poland— an American headquarters. The Presi-dent ordered 8,500 troops to remain in Afghanistan. These are all initiatives by the President and by our leaders in the Department of Defense just in the last couple of months. Many of us sup-port these. Many of us support these. As the Presiding Officer knows, it is not just the real-world contingency op-erations—the combat our troops are in. It is real-world training. My colleague 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.024 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5599 September 13, 2016 
from Montana mentioned JBER in Alaska. We have some training exer-cises, such as RED FLAG-Alaska, one of the best air-to-air combat training exercises anywhere in the world. We had many evolutions of RED FLAG- Alaska this summer. Our troops were training hard. This is what the U.S. military is doing throughout the world and throughout the country to keep our Nation safe. What is the Senate doing? More spe-cifically, what is the minority leader doing? Well, as we have talked about, we came back last week, back in ses-sion, and the first vote we took was the sixth time the minority leader of the Senate organized a filibuster to make sure our troops didn’t get funding—six times. There is no other bill in the Sen-ate in the last year and a half that the minority leader of the Senate has picked to filibuster more than this bill—the bill that funds our troops. Senator C
APITO asked a very good question. Why? Why? Why? I have been on the floor asking this question for months. We are freshmen. We are new to this body. But we have not heard one Member of the other party come to the floor and explain why they are filibustering the spending for our troops—not once. This is what our troops need. They watch this, by the way. They under-stand what is happening. A lot of peo-ple think: Oh, it is the Senate. Nobody understands these procedural filibus-ters and things. The men and women of the U.S. military know exactly what is happening. We will come down here and continue to fight for the funding and support of our troops and their families as long as the other side continues this filibuster. Senator C
APITO , as I mentioned, asked a very important question: Why? But here is another question for my colleagues. I serve on the Committee on Armed Services. I serve on the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. I know these are great bipartisan committees with Members of both parties—very patri-otic and very supportive of the mili-tary. But why are my colleagues on the other side of the aisle following the Senate minority leader? Why are they following his lead in the filibuster? I really, really wish one of them—just one—would come down and explain to the American people why six times— six times in the last year and a half— the minority leader has filibustered spending for our troops and why my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have followed him. If you were to poll this question back in any State where you are from, re-gardless of party—Democratic or Re-publican—the American people would say: Fund the troops. The American people would say: Bring it to the floor and at least have a debate on the bill that passed out of the Committee on Appropriations unanimously. The American people would say: They are doing their job. U.S. Senate, it is time to do your job. Fund the troops; sup-port the troops. It is remarkable that we are still de-bating this, and we are going to keep raising this. Maybe the media will focus on it. Again, I want to commend my colleague, Senator DAINES , for lead-ing this colloquy because it is so im-portant for the people of the United States to understand what is really happening on the floor of this impor-tant body. Senator D
AINES . Mr. DAINES. U.S. Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel S
ULLIVAN , I thank you, and I appreciate those comments. When Senator S
ULLIVAN talks about our colleagues saying no, what they are saying no to is over 1.2 million Ac-tive-Duty military and over 800,000 Re-serve military. They are saying no to almost 10,000 troops engaged in combat in Afghanistan and the additional mili-tary in harm’s way in places like Iraq, Syria, and other places around the globe. We have been hearing from freshmen Senators from the Republican Party here today in this colloquy. We have another freshman from Oklahoma. I am very honored and grateful to serve with Senator L
ANKFORD from Okla-homa, the home of Tinker Air Force Base. Senator L
ANKFORD , I thank you for sharing your thoughts today. (Mr. SULLIVAN assumed the Chair.) Mr. LANKFORD. I am glad to be a part of this colloquy and to talk about what is happening during this con-versation. It is not just Tinker. There are multiple major bases in Oklahoma. It is extremely important that we continue to maintain a strong national defense. In fact, by a margin of 54 per-cent to 31 percent, Americans believe President Obama’s flawed Iran deal has made the United States less safe. This is a major issue for all Americans. Peo-ple want to know that they are kept safe, that their government is actually engaged. It is the primary responsi-bility of the Federal Government to deal with national defense. Regardless of party, people want to live in safe neighborhoods. Regardless of party, people want their families to grow up in a world that is as safe as it can pos-sibly be. In case anyone has missed the obvi-ous, there are a lot of very bad people around the world who hate our free-dom, who hate our values, and who hate American leadership. When Amer-ica is strong, our deterrent stays strong and it stays clear. The last thing we want is thugs, dictators, and terrorists around the world challenging us, assuming that we are weak. That leads to the loss of American life, and it leads to instability around the world. This administration and the deci-sions they have made have made us weaker as a nation and have dem-onstrated to us as a nation that we are not as strong as we once were. That leads to that great instability, and one of those areas where it leads to great instability is when this Congress stum-bles in its support for our military. Six times in 18 months our Democratic col-leagues have filibustered the Defense appropriations bill, which should be the easiest of all the appropriations bills to walk through. I serve on the Committee on Appro-priations. I was there when all the de-bate was happening in the committee. We passed it unanimously out of com-mittee. Yet when it comes to the floor, it gets filibustered. You see, the basic rules of the Senate are—as this body knows extremely well—that we have to have three-fifths of the body to open debate on a bill. It passes by a simple majority, but we have to have 60 people of the 100 here to agree to start it. As long as the other side decides they do not want to debate an issue, we are lit-erally stuck and can’t even open debate on something as basic and that should be as nonpartisan as Defense appropria-tions. So what are we facing right now while all this is happening? Well, we face a very unstable world that has be-come more unstable, as I mentioned before, because of some of the attitudes and actions of the administration. The President’s failure to enforce his own redline in Syria has led to instability throughout the Middle East, as no one knows where the lines are for anyone. Making a statement like ‘‘they won’t use chemical weapons,’’ when every year since 2013 the Syrian Government has used chlorine gas on its own peo-ple, had our administration responding with: Well, that is not crossing the red-line because chlorine was exempted from this deal. They couldn’t use other chemical weapons, but they could gas their own people with chlorine. That makes absolutely no sense to anyone. The Syrians have continued to use chlorine gas on their people year after year, mocking the President’s redline and diminishing American leadership around the world. In Russia, they continue to be on the move, with their own cyber attacks into Ukraine and into the Crimea. There is their leadership in Syria and the latest cease-fire, in fact, which Secretary Kerry and President Obama just negotiated with Russia and which favored Russia’s position and is retain-ing Assad’s leadership, giving Russia time to rearm. In fact, sitting down with Russia now and having to agree with Russia on places where we would have attacks puts Russia clearly in the lead of what is happening in Syria. It is fascinating for me to think that just 4 years ago the President of the United States mocked Mitt Romney as he talked about Russia as a major threat. President Obama flippantly laughed and said to Mitt Romney: Hey, the 1980s are calling you. We don’t have a Cold War with the Soviets anymore. Well, somehow I don’t think anyone would say that now, as everyone sees Russia on the move. North Korea continues to test mis-siles and nuclear weapons. China con-tinues its aggression through terri-torial expansion in the South China 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5600 September 13, 2016 
Sea. Cyber terrorism continues to in-crease from areas all around the world. ISIS is expanding its reach around the world in what it calls its provinces. The administration continues to say that the territory of ISIS is decreasing. But it is also quietly saying that their expansion around the world is increas-ing. This is an unstable time in an unsta-ble season, and it is a moment when we should all engage on some of the most basic things, like national defense. This body should be able to sit down and have an actual open debate on na-tional defense and how that would ac-tually happen. Do I need to remind us about what Iran has done in just the past year? It is helping to organize a coup in Yemen, destabilizing Bahrain as much as they possibly can, engaging in propping up Assad in Syria, and partnering with Russia to launch attacks with Russian bombers leaving from Iran to go in and do attacks. All of this they continue to do as they expand. As this government struggles with funding our government, the President of the United States sent $1.7 billion in cash to the Iranian Government. It is the ultimate irony—the ultimate irony—that at a time when the Presi-dent and our Democratic colleagues don’t want to fund the U.S. military, they sent three planeloads full of cash to the Iranian military so they could operate theirs. This is why we stand here as fresh-men and say this may be the normal Senate process, but it makes no sense to the American people. How can planes full of cash be sent to the Ira-nian military and they are not spend-ing here? Let me just give you some perspec-tive. As the President looks out from his front window at the White House, he sees the Washington Monument di-rectly in front of him, and $1.7 billion in $1 bills would be the equivalent of 1,097 Washington Monuments stacked up—1,097 Washington Monuments stacked up is $1.7 billion. That is what we just shipped to Iran. Why do we think this is important? Because we believe national security is important and protecting America is important. A flippant conversation years ago where Secretary Clinton said that Assad’s time is almost done—that was 5 years ago—the President’s red-line, the failure to be able to fund our military on time demonstrates that we need to be more serious about national security. This is the issue the Amer-ican people want us to deal with, and this is the one we need to deal with. With that, I appreciate the leadership of Senator D
AINES in this area, and I thank him for allowing me to join in this conversation on the Senate floor on something that is extremely impor-tant to all of us. Mr. DAINES. I thank Senator L
ANKFORD for his thoughts. As fresh-men who are new to the Senate, we are scratching our heads, like the Amer-ican people are, as this institution— our friends across the aisle are holding up funding our troops. At the same time, as Senator LANKFORD mentioned, the President is shipping $1.7 billion of foreign currency—because he can’t do it in U.S. currency without breaking the law—to the Iranians. I am glad to be joined now by Sen-ator G
ARDNER of Colorado. He is a dear friend, a great colleague, and a member of the Foreign Relations Committee as well. I thank him for joining us on this important topic. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank Senator D
AINES for the oppor-tunity to come to the floor and talk about a bill that passed with bipartisan unanimous support out of the Senate Appropriations subcommittee address-ing defense spending. I thank the Sen-ator for inviting me to join our fresh-men colleagues—new Members of the Senate, all elected in 2014—to come to the floor and have this conversation and this colloquy, to be joined by the Senator from Oklahoma who speaks so clearly on why our Nation would allow a policy to send $1.7 billion in currency to Iran but not fund our troops. Think about what the Senator from Oklahoma said. He said it so well; that our Nation’s policy is to pay off Iran before we pay our troops. The Senator from Alaska—whom I commend for his courage in standing up on the frontlines of freedom for our country, his service to our country, we thank him for that service—spoke elo-quently on the floor earlier, where he talked about six times this Senate has blocked, through the use of a proce-dural motion, funding for our men and women in uniform—six times—over the past 1
1⁄2years. This isn’t a bill that people come to the floor and they are outraged about, they are opposed to it, they want some-thing different. That is not what we are talking about. We are talking about a piece of legislation to fund our men and women in uniform that passed 30 to 0 out of the Appropriations Com-mittee—16 Republicans, 14 Democrats, no opposition, 30 to 0—to fund our troops. That can’t move forward be-cause of tactics of obstruction—tactics of obstruction that changed this body in 2014 because the American people were sick and tired of it, watching the 113th Congress fail to do its job, fail to vote on important legislation. Over the past 1
1⁄2years, we have passed bipartisan Transportation bills, we have passed bipartisan Education bills, we have passed bipartisan human trafficking bills. We have changed the way this Congress is working to actu-ally achieve things together, but some-how there is a dictate that came down that we would stop working together now because they are blocking funding for our troops. When did we go from having the abil-ity to accomplish things together to we are going to stop everything? Have peo-ple come and talked to us on the floor about why they object to this legisla-tion? Have we heard statements in op-position to funding our troops? Have we heard alternate proposals about funding our troops? No. The bottom line is, a partisan minor-ity—a partisan minority—is blocking the funding of our troops. Why? Be-cause they can, I guess, they decided, because they were told to do so, be-cause they refuse to break ranks with the grip of a leadership office that has said: Block the funding of our troops. Tell the American people that. Ex-plain to the American people why you are opposed to funding our troops. Let me tell you why I am here from Colorado. I am here from Colorado be-cause we have the 9th largest Active- Duty military population in the United States out of 50 States, 12th largest combined Active and Reserve Force population. Colorado is home to more than 35,000 Active-Duty servicemem-bers, nearly 14,000 Reserve and Na-tional Guard Forces, more than 5,000 Department of Defense civilians. These numbers don’t even include all the family members and contract employ-ees who directly depend on the passage of this legislation—3,000 DOD contrac-tors in Colorado—which make the de-fense industry in Colorado the third largest basic industry in our State. El Paso County, CO, population cen-ter of the State of Colorado, is the only county in the Nation that is home to five military bases: Fort Carson, U.S. Air Force Academy, Peterson Air Force Base, Schriever Air Force Base, Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station, also home to NORTHCOM at Peterson, our strategic missile command, space cyber command. Together, these five bases employ approximately 60,000 peo-ple, with at least $6 billion to the local economy, and yet a bill that passed 30 to 0 that would have addressed the needs of this Nation, that would have fixed this crisis we are facing in terms of funding our troops, is being filibus-tered, being blocked, being held up for partisan reasons—strategic reasons, tactical reasons. This isn’t a time when our military is sitting back at home just guarding the homeland from within the 50 States. This is a time where men and women across this country are stand-ing on guard, engaged in combat today around the globe. This is a nation whose military is standing guard in South Korea, watching a madman in North Korea detonate nuclear bombs— not because he just thinks they are fun to show off but because he wants to use them against the United States and our allies. Yet a partisan minority wishes to block this legislation that funds those people on that line in South Korea protecting the United States and our allies. We had a chance to visit with the Secretary of State today to talk about what is taking place in Syria, what is taking place in Saudi Arabia, what is taking place in Iran, Iraq, and through-out the Middle East. A bill that passed 30 to 0 that would fund those efforts— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.027 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5601 September 13, 2016 
our troops, defense of this country, the security of our home, our men and women in uniform—is being blocked, and the bill hasn’t changed. Our colleague from West Virginia, Senator S
HELLEY MOORE CAPITO , talked about how nothing has changed be-tween this bill passing out of the Ap-propriations Committee and today, standing here in this colloquy with our freshmen colleagues. Nothing has changed. Yet the individuals who voted in favor of the bill are now standing in the way of the bill moving forward, re-fusing to even debate. If they have a difference of opinion, if they think there needs to be an amendment, if they think something needs to change in the bill, then stand forward and talk about it, but instead they are blocking it, using politics and strategic rea-soning to keep this bill from coming forth. This bill isn’t about strategies of po-litical tactics or strategies of political maneuvering. It is about funding our men and women in uniform—a bill that passed without opposition. It is good for our military, it is good for our country, 1.2 million servicemembers—a much needed, much deserved pay raise for our military personnel. It funds U.S. NORTHCOM, headquartered right there in Colorado, protecting the homeland from threats like North Korea, the Joint Inter-agency Combined Space Operations Center, the JICSPOC, that protects and defends critical National space infra-structure in Colorado. This bill funds it. The European Reassurance Initia-tive that helps our NATO allies counter the destabilizing threat of a re-surgent Russia is funded in this legisla-tion—legislation that passed 30 to 0 out of committee but somehow is being stopped and held up and blocked by partisan dissent. It funds our major military installa-tions in Colorado—170,000 jobs and re-lated jobs in Colorado. It prevents mov-ing Guantanamo Bay detainee terror-ists to Americans’ backyards, some-thing all Coloradans are worried about. I have talked to many of my colleagues on the floor before about what is hap-pening in Colorado and the possibilities that this detention facility at Guanta-namo Bay could be unilaterally shut down by the President, and instead of having terrorists located offshore, they would be onshore and put in Colorado. This bill would keep that from hap-pening. It had bipartisan support out of the Appropriations Committee, but it is now being blocked. Why is such a bipartisan bill—such an important bill—that will serve so well our men and women in uniform, that was put together by listening to senior military leaders who are true subject experts on the subject matter being blocked? Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, Gen-eral Allyn, has said: ‘‘We must have . . . predictable and sustained funding to deliver the readiness that our com-batant commanders require to meet the missions that continue to emerge.’’ Marine Gen. John Paxton, Jr., re-cently testified: ‘‘The strains on our personnel and equipment are showing in many areas, particularly in avia-tion, in communications and intel-ligence.’’ Earlier this year, General Goldfein— now Chief of Staff of the Air Force— said the current Air Force is ‘‘one of the smallest, oldest and least ready in its history.’’ The 2016 DOD appropriations bill put us on a path to address concerns of these military leaders. The bottom line is, preventing this bill from moving forward jeopardizes the ability of our military to effec-tively, efficiently, and safely do their job and keep our country safe. It is an honor to serve with my col-league from Alaska who served this country in our military; to serve with J
ONIERNST , the Senator from Iowa, who served this country; Tom Cotton, the Senator from Arkansas, who served this country, and so many others. Let’s listen to them and their leadership, and pass the bill, do what is right for this country, and not listen to the nar-rowest of partisan voices. I thank the Senator from Montana for the opportunity to join the col-loquy. Mr. DAINES. I thank Senator G
ARD-
NER. I know he is very proud as he is standing here representing the Air Force Academy—what an incredible in-stitution—Cheyenne Mountain, NORAD. I thank him for coming down to the floor and making their voices heard here, speaking on behalf of them on the floor of the U.S. Senate. To wrap up, we have had six of the new Republican freshmen speaking today in this colloquy. These are fresh eyes and fresh voices, looking at what is going on in Washington, DC, and saying: It is broken. It is very simple: We must make sure our military forces have the tools they need to perform their job because I can tell you one thing—our enemies are not waiting around for Senate Democrats to fund our military to make it a fair fight. Maybe we should do this: Maybe we should stop funding Congress until we fund the military. I wonder if that would wake this institution. Why don’t we put congressional pay in limbo? Why don’t we see somebody filibuster congressional pay? I think we should. We should forfeit our paychecks until we fund the U.S. military. The bottom line is, the world is a dangerous place. The defense of our country relies on properly and prompt-ly funding the Department of Defense. How can this institution—how can our friends across the aisle—continue to stand here and say no to our U.S. military when so much is at stake? The U.S. House has passed this bipartisan bill; the Appropriations Committee of the U.S. Senate passed it 30 to 0—16 Re-publicans joining 14 Democrats on a 30- to-0 vote on the Defense appropria-tions. We must say yes to our military who fight for us every day, who stand up, protect our rights and our freedoms that we enjoy every day. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. COL-
LINS). The Senator from Colorado. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 5293 
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, just moments ago I joined a group of my colleagues from the freshman class to talk about the importance of pas-sage of the Defense appropriations bill. Six Members of that class came to speak about the need to pass a bipar-tisan bill that passed 30 to 0 out of the Appropriations Committee—16 Repub-licans, 14 Democrats—unanimously. The American people engaged in this debate know the arguments on each side, but that is only one side because it was 30 to 0. There is no opposition, but yet this bill has been held up by a filibuster six times over the past year and a half. So I come to the floor on behalf of my colleagues who are so engaged in this to ask unanimous consent that fol-lowing the disposition of H.R. 5325, the Senate proceed to H.R. 5293, the De-fense appropriations bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, re-serving the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. First, let me thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I know they are conscientious and committed to our national defense and security and to the men and women who make it possible. I have listened to their speeches on the floor, and but for some political analyses, I would agree with their motives to make sure we adequately and promptly fund the defense of our country. There is no question about it. Secondly, I might say that I know a little bit about this bill. I am the rank-ing Democrat on the Defense Appro-priations Subcommittee, and in the previous Congress I served as chairman of the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee. And I am lucky because I have by my side a Republican Senator, T
HADCOCHRAN of Mississippi, who cur-rently chairs the committee. I can tell you that from start to finish, T
HAD C
OCHRAN , Republican, and D ICKDURBIN , Democrat, have agreed on this bill and what is included in this bill. We have worked it out to the satisfaction of not only our own staff and the people we worked with but with the Pentagon as well. We have put together a very good, solid, defensible bill, and the point my colleague made demonstrates that. When it was called on in the full Ap-propriations Committee, there was unanimous support for it. Within the four corners of the bill, there is no con-troversy. The only question before us now is when it will be called for pas-sage. I take to heart the efforts by the Senator from Colorado—along with his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.028 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5602 September 13, 2016 
colleagues—today to suggest that we should do this sooner rather than later. I might try to explain for a moment, if I may, why the feeling is that we can’t do it at this moment in time. This is the biggest single discre-tionary spending bill in our Nation’s budget. Sixty percent of the Federal budget flows through this bill to sup-port the Department of Defense and in-telligence activities. It is the Monster of the Midway, as we say in Chicago. It is the most important bill in size, at least, when it comes to our appropria-tions, but it is not the only bill. As the Senator knows, there are 11 other ap-propriations bills. What we are trying to do—and I believe we will achieve this—is have an agreement on the en-tire budget. When we reached a budget agreement with President Obama and the Repub-lican leaders in Congress, we said that we were going to fund any increases in the Department of Defense and match them with increases in nondefense spending. That has been basically the rule of the road from the start, and so there is a reluctance to allow one bill, the Department of Defense appropria-tions bill, to jump out ahead of others until we have this global agreement on the budget. The Senator and his colleagues made a good point: What is more important than the defense of this Nation? What is more important than national secu-rity? The honest answer is that there is nothing more important. Doesn’t the first line say ‘‘provide for the common defense’’ in terms of our responsibility? There are also important things in the nondefense budget. I am sure the Senator from Colorado would be the first to stand up and say that we need to adequately fund the Federal Bureau of Investigation. They work night and day to keep America safe. They are not included in this Defense bill. They are in another appropriations bill which is still unresolved. I think the Senator would probably agree with me that the Department of Homeland Security is a very important agency when it comes to safety in our airports, our families getting on airplanes, and people cross-ing our border. The appropriation for that Department is not included in this bill. The point I am trying to make is that when it comes to the security of this Nation, it is not just the Depart-ment of Defense; it is primarily and initially that Department. And what we need to do is make sure we have adequately funded the entire budget of this country. Can we do it? Yes, we can, and we must. The short-term spending bill—the continuing resolution that Democrats and Republicans have done many times before—won’t disadvantage the Depart-ment of Defense. By the second week of December, I believe in good faith we can work out our differences and come up with spending bills across the board for every agency—medical research, food inspection, things that everyone counts on. But to jump ahead and say that we will just take the biggest ap-propriations bill and put it aside and go ahead and finish that one, as the Senator has suggested with his unani-mous consent request, really doesn’t take into consideration that we have an obligation across the government to do our job not just with one bill but with all of the appropriations bills. I believe in this bill. I voted for this bill. I worked on this bill. As much time as my colleague may have put into his research when preparing for his floor speech, I will match it with the time I put into this bill to make sure it was written right. I want to make sure it is passed with a budget that is fair for this country and done in a bipartisan way that we will all be proud of—not just the men and women in uniform but everyone in the United States who is served by our efforts. For that reason, at this moment I object to the request that was made. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I thank my colleague from Illinois. We will continue to work on this issue until we pass this important appropria-tions bill. We will hear from our col-leagues across the country, particu-larly those who were just elected in 2014. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO SHEILA BEATTY  
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, today I would like to recognize Sheila Beatty of Hot Springs Village as this week’s Arkansan of the Week for her dedication and service to Arkansas vet-erans. When people choose to retire, they often seek out a life of rest and relax-ation, but not Sheila. When she retired, Sheila chose a different path: honoring those who serve or have served in the U.S. military. Sheila honors our veterans and our soldiers in many ways—almost too many to mention today. For years, she has stood in the Patriot Guard flag line at every military funeral in Arkansas, no matter the distance from her home-town, and every time troops leave for deployment or return home from a tour, Sheila is there to meet them, with cookies, flags, and a big smile on her face. Sheila is active in the Arkan-sas Freedom Fund—a nonprofit organi-zation that supports members of the military, veterans, and their families through rehabilitative recreational outdoor activities. She often helps plan events for this wonderful organization as well. Her activities don’t end there. Sheila also makes an extra effort to support the veterans who need it most. She col-lects clothing and personal hygiene items for homeless veterans in Arkan-sas. She volunteers with the No Vet-eran Dies Alone Program at the vet-erans hospital in Little Rock, where she sits by the bedsides of veterans who aren’t able to have family or loved ones by their side in their final hours. Her time with them provides comfort and relief to these men and women when they need it most. To those of you in Little Rock, next week stop by the National POW/MIA National Recognition Day reception in the State capitol rotunda. Sheila was instrumental in organizing that won-derful event. Sheila’s dedication to our Armed Forces and veterans is inspiring. As a former soldier, I can tell you that peo-ple like Sheila make military service more meaningful. Their impact on the lives of veterans cannot be overstated. I am honored to recognize Sheila as this week’s Arkansan of the Week. I join all Arkansans in thanking her for supporting our veterans, and I urge ev-eryone to join in her efforts. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. GARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider the following five nominations: Calendar Nos. 27, 28, 29, 30, and 31; that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or debate on the nominations in the order listed; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any re-lated statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I objected to the confirmation of these judges be-fore, and the reason still stands. There is little evidence that the Court of Fed-eral Claims needs them. According to the latest public statistics, the court’s caseload is down 49 percent from 2011 and 66 percent if we go back to 2007. I understand that some say these num-bers are skewed by a flood of relatively simple cases related to vaccine claims that has begun to ebb in recent years, but even if we remove those vaccine claims from the statistics, the court’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.030 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5603 September 13, 2016 
caseload has still dropped. The number of nonvaccine cases dropped from 1,427 in 2014 to 1,404 in 2015. That latest num-ber is 10 percent lower than in 2013, 25 percent lower than it was in 2008, and 39 percent lower than it was in 2007. I respectfully remind my colleagues that the 16 active judges authorized in the statute for the Court of Federal Claims is not a minimum number, it is a maximum number. That number was set in 1982—an increase from the six judges that were previously authorized. Perhaps it is time to revisit that num-ber again 34 years later. I would also note that an auxiliary of senior nonactive judges is available to the court to hear cases. These senior judges receive a full salary whether or not they hear cases on the condition that they be available to work when called. They are the most experienced judges we have for these types of cases, and I am heartened to know that a number of them have been recalled to assist the court since I called for that very action last year. That is a much better use of taxpayer dollars than con-firming extra judges who will receive additional full-time salaries, office space, and staff. I also note that my office has dis-cussed the caseload in the Court of Federal Claims with the White House numerous times since the beginning of the year. In good faith, my office told the White House that if it provided a statistical case showing a need for more active judges, I would consider lifting some of my holds. On Thursday last week, the White House provided some statistics drawn from unpub-lished caseload data for the 2016 fiscal year. The data was not comprehensive or broken down in a granular fashion, but what they did show is that there is not a clear case for adding more judges at this time. According to the White House’s statistics, the number of non-vaccine cases filed this year is down, the number of complicated contract bid protests filed has dropped, and the total number of pending nonvaccine cases has remained largely flat. There will be more discussion between my of-fice and the White House about this data, but at this time I have yet to re-ceive compelling data showing a judi-cial emergency for the Court of Federal Claims. I have focused so far on our obliga-tion to closely guard the use of tax-payer dollars for judges we may not need, but I would be remiss if I didn’t highlight the unique role and vast power of the Court of Federal Claims. It has nationwide jurisdiction over all claims for money damages against the U.S. Government, from tax disputes, to government contract protests, to emi-nent domain takings. This court’s ju-risdiction isn’t limited to the District of Columbia or to private litigants but deals with government abuses of the rights of Arkansans and citizens in every State of the Union. This is a seri-ous court; the Senate should be serious as we consider confirming judges to it. The President’s nominations to the court should not be rubberstamped. We have to look hard at the workload of the court and evaluate the judicial resources currently available to meet the demands of that work, and right now those demands appear to be ade-quately met. I must therefore object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, if I might on the question of the Court of Federal Claims, today, currently, there are just 10 active judges, although it is author-ized to have 16. The five nominees whom I brought to the floor today and have asked unanimous consent to pro-ceed on were first nominated in April or May of 2014 and have waited more than 2 years for their confirmation here by the Senate. No one has raised an objection to their qualifications, and each of them has twice now unani-mously been approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee without concerns being raised or advanced about either their qualifications or the need to fill these judicial vacancies. With fewer active judges, cases have piled up in the Court of Federal Claims, which is often called ‘‘the people’s court’’ because of its role in hearing cases brought by citizens and busi-nesses against the Federal Govern-ment. From 2012 to 2015, the number of pending general jurisdiction cases per active judge has nearly doubled, jump-ing from 70 to about 130 in just 3 years. The court has also seen an increase in bid protest cases—some of the most complex and resource-intensive cases heard by the court. These delays harm the citizens and businesses that are waiting to have their cases decided. Delays also come at significant cost to the Federal Government, which will pay greater interest once judgments are finally rendered. As my colleague commented, it is true that senior judges are helping this overburdened court, but their efforts are limited by statute—they cannot work more than 90 days per year. Last year I called for these same five judges to be confirmed by unanimous consent. One of my colleagues objected and argued that the number of pending cases has decreased and that additional judges are not needed. But this is, in my view, only the case if one counts cases that are referred to special mas-ters. Special masters have signifi-cantly reduced their caseload in recent years, but these cases are not signifi-cant contributors to the workload of the Court of Federal Claims judges. We have received letters from the chief judge of the Court of Federal Claims and the past president of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims Bar Asso-ciation urging our swift action on these nominees. The Court of Federal Claims is in need of the service of these candidates, whose experience and qualifications are beyond question. I want to briefly highlight a few of these nominees and their backgrounds. One of the nominees is Jeri Somers, who spent her career in service to our Nation, a decade in the Department of Justice as a Federal prosecutor and Civil Division trial attorney, and an extensive background as well in mili-tary service. She retired from the U.S. Air Force Reserves at the rank of lieu-tenant colonel, having spent two dec-ades in the military serving as a judge advocate and then subsequently as a military judge in the U.S. Air Force and the District of Columbia’s Air Na-tional Guard. Another pending nominee, Armando Bonilla, spent his entire career—over two decades—as an attorney for the Department of Justice. He was hired out of law school in the Department’s prestigious Honors Program and has risen to become the Associate Deputy Attorney General in the Department. Mr. Bonilla would be the first Hispanic judge to hold a position on this court and was strongly endorsed by the His-panic National Bar Association. Thomas Halkowski, a third pending nominee, is a respected partner at Fish & Richardson in Wilmington, one of the preeminent IP law firms in the Na-tion. He practices in Wilmington, DE, my hometown. He is a former Depart-ment of Justice attorney, with 8 years of experience in the Environment and Natural Resources Division, and would bring the Court of Federal Claims a wealth of experience relevant to his work. All five of these pending nominees to the Court of Federal Claims are quali-fied candidates who have languished for 2 years on the Senate Calendar. They represent part of a pattern of ob-struction extending all the way up to our country’s highest Court, the Su-preme Court. I believe it is time we come together in a bipartisan fashion to do our job, confirm these five nomi-nees to these judicial vacancies, and allow them to get to work serving our Nation on the Court of Federal Claims. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5042, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 4979 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendment be called up: Inhofe-Boxer No. 5042, as modified, with the changes at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oklahoma [Mr. I NHOFE ] proposes an amendment numbered 5042, as modified, to amendment No. 4979. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
(Purpose: Of a perfecting nature) Strike titles I through VIII and insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.032 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5604 September 13, 2016 
TITLE I—PROGRAM REFORMS 
SEC. 1001. STUDY OF WATER RESOURCES DEVEL-OPMENT PROJECTS BY NON-FED-ERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 203 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—On the re-quest of a non-Federal interest, the Sec-retary may provide technical assistance re-lating to any aspect of the feasibility study if the non-Federal interest contracts with the Secretary to pay all costs of providing the technical assistance.’’. 
SEC. 1002. ADVANCED FUNDS FOR WATER RE-SOURCES DEVELOPMENT STUDIES AND PROJECTS. 
The Act of October 15, 1940 (33 U.S.C. 701h– 1), is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘Whenever any’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whenever any’’; (B) by striking ‘‘a flood-control project duly adopted and authorized by law’’ and in-serting ‘‘an authorized water resources de-velopment study or project,’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘such work’’ and inserting ‘‘such study or project’’; (2) in the second sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of the Army’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENT .—The Secretary of the Army’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘from appropriations which may be provided by Congress for flood-con-trol work’’ and inserting ‘‘if specific appro-priations are provided by Congress for such purpose’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF STATE .—In this section, the term ‘State’ means— ‘‘(1) a State; ‘‘(2) the District of Columbia; ‘‘(3) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; ‘‘(4) any other territory or possession of the United States; and ‘‘(5) a federally recognized Indian tribe or a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Vil-lage Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Set-tlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)).’’. 
SEC. 1003. AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT AND USE MA-TERIALS AND SERVICES. 
Section 1024 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2325a) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary is authorized to accept and use materials, services, or funds contributed by a non-Federal public entity, a nonprofit entity, or a private entity to repair, restore, replace, or maintain a water resources project in any case in which the District Commander determines that— ‘‘(1) there is a risk of adverse impacts to the functioning of the project for the author-ized purposes of the project; and ‘‘(2) acceptance of the materials and serv-ices or funds is in the public interest.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after initiating an activity under this sec-tion,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than Feb-ruary 1 of each year after the first fiscal year in which materials, services, or funds are ac-cepted under this section,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘a report’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual report’’. 
SEC. 1004. PARTNERSHIPS WITH NON-FEDERAL ENTITIES TO PROTECT THE FED-ERAL INVESTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary is authorized to partner with a non-Federal interest for the maintenance of a water resources project to ensure that the project will continue to function for the au-thorized purposes of the project. (b) FORM OF PARTNERSHIP .—Under a part-nership referred to in subsection (a), the Sec-retary is authorized to accept and use funds, materials, and services contributed by the non-Federal interest. (c) N
OCREDIT OR REIMBURSEMENT .—Any entity that contributes materials, services, or funds under this section shall not be eligi-ble for credit, reimbursement, or repayment for the value of those materials, services, or funds. 
SEC. 1005. NON-FEDERAL STUDY AND CONSTRUC-TION OF PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may ac-cept and expend funds provided by non-Fed-eral interests to undertake reviews, inspec-tions, monitoring, and other Federal activi-ties related to non-Federal interests car-rying out the study, design, or construction of water resources development projects under section 203 or 204 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231, 2232) or any other Federal law. (b) I
NCLUSION IN COSTS.—In determining credit or reimbursement, the Secretary may include the amount of funds provided by a non-Federal interest under this section as a cost of the study, design, or construction. 
SEC. 1006. MUNITIONS DISPOSAL. 
Section 1027 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 426e–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, at full Federal expense,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary may’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘funded’’ and inserting ‘‘reimbursed’’. 
SEC. 1007. CHALLENGE COST-SHARING PROGRAM FOR MANAGEMENT OF RECREATION FACILITIES. 
Section 225 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2328) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) U
SERFEES.— ‘‘(1) C
OLLECTION OF FEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow a non-Federal public or private entity that has entered into an agreement pursuant to subsection (b) to collect user fees for the use of developed recreation sites and facili-ties, whether developed or constructed by that entity or the Department of the Army. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF VISITOR RESERVATION SERV -
ICES.—A public or private entity described in subparagraph (A) may use to manage fee col-lections and reservations under this section any visitor reservation service that the Sec-retary has provided for by contract or inter-agency agreement, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FEES .—A non-Federal public or private entity that collects user fees under paragraph (1) may— ‘‘(A) retain up to 100 percent of the fees collected, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding section 210(b)(4) of the Flood Control Act of 1968 (16 U.S.C. 460d– 3(b)(4)), use that amount for operation, main-tenance, and management at the recreation site at which the fee is collected. ‘‘(3) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The authority of a non-Federal public or private entity under this subsection shall be subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines necessary to protect the inter-ests of the United States.’’. SEC. 1008. STRUCTURES AND FACILITIES CON-STRUCTED BY THE SECRETARY. 
Section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (33 U.S.C. 408) (commonly known as the ‘‘Rivers and Harbors Act of 1899’’), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘That it shall not be law-ful’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITIONS AND PERMISSIONS .—It shall not be lawful’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) C
ONCURRENT REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) NEPA 
REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which an activity subject to this section requires a re-view under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), review and approval under this section shall, to the maximum extent practicable, occur concur-rently with any review and decisions made under that Act. ‘‘(B) C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS AS A COOPERATING  
AGENCY .—If the Corps of Engineers is not the lead Federal agency for an environmental re-view described in subparagraph (A), the Chief of Engineers shall, to the maximum extent practicable— ‘‘(i) participate in the review as a cooper-ating agency (unless the Chief of Engineers does not intend to submit comments on the project); and ‘‘(ii) adopt and use any environmental doc-ument prepared under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) by the lead agency to the same extent that a Federal agency could adopt or use a document prepared by another Federal agen-cy under— ‘‘(I) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(2) R
EVIEWS BY SECRETARY .—In any case in which the Secretary of the Army is re-quired to approve an action under this sec-tion and under another authority, including sections 9 and 10 of this Act, section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344), and section 103 of the Marine Protection, Research, and Sanctuaries Act of 1972 (33 U.S.C. 1413), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate the reviews and, to the maximum extent practicable, carry out the reviews concurrently; and ‘‘(B) adopt and use any document prepared by the Corps of Engineers for the purpose of complying with the same law and that ad-dresses the same types of impacts in the same geographic area if the document, as de-termined by the Secretary, is current and applicable. ‘‘(3) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary of the Army may accept and expend funds re-ceived from non-Federal public or private en-tities to evaluate under this section an alter-ation or permanent occupation or use of a work built by the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1009. PROJECT COMPLETION. 
For any project authorized under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835), the authorization of appropriations is in-creased by the amount, including in incre-ments, necessary to allow completion of the project if— (1) as of the date of enactment of this Act, the project has received more than $4,000,000 in Federal appropriations and those appro-priations equal an amount that is greater than 80 percent of the authorized amount; (2) significant progress has been dem-onstrated toward completion of the project or segments of the project but the project is not complete as of the date of enactment of this Act; and (3) the benefits of the Federal investment will not be realized without an increase in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5605 September 13, 2016 
the authorization of appropriations to allow completion of the project. 
SEC. 1010. CONTRIBUTED FUNDS. 
(a) C ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—Section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h) (com-monly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1936’’), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘funds appropriated by the United States for’’; and (2) in the first proviso, by inserting after ‘‘authorized purposes of the project:’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘Provided further, That the Secretary may receive and expend funds from a State or a political subdivision of a State and other non-Federal interests to formulate, re-view, or revise, consistent with authorized project purposes, operational documents for any reservoir owned and operated by the Secretary (other than reservoirs in the Upper Missouri River, the Apalachicola- Chattahoochee-Flint River system, the Ala-bama-Coosa-Tallapoosa River system, and the Stones River):’’ (b) R
EPORT .—Section 1015 of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 is amended by striking subsection (b) (33 U.S.C. 701h note; Public Law 113–121) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 1 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Environment and Public Works and Appropriations of the Senate and the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that— ‘‘(1) describes the number of agreements executed in the previous fiscal year for the acceptance of contributed funds under sec-tion 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h) (commonly known as the ‘Flood Con-trol Act of 1936’); and ‘‘(2) includes information on the projects and amounts of contributed funds referred to in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 1011. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN BENEFITS AND COSTS INCLUDED IN FINAL FEASIBILITY STUDIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For a navigation project authorized after November 7, 2007, involving offshore oil and gas fabrication ports, the recommended plan by the Chief of Engineers shall be the plan that uses the value of fu-ture energy exploration and production fab-rication contracts and the transportation savings that would result from a larger navi-gation channel in accordance with section 6009 of the Emergency Supplemental Appro-priations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsunami Relief, 2005 (Public Law 109–13; 119 Stat. 282). (b) S
PECIAL RULE.—In addition to projects described in subsection (a), this section shall apply to— (1) a project that has undergone an eco-nomic benefits update; and (2) at the request of the non-Federal spon-sor, any ongoing feasibility study for which the benefits under section 6009 of the Emer-gency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsu-nami Relief, 2005 (Public Law 109–13; 119 Stat. 282) may apply. 
SEC. 1012. LEVERAGING FEDERAL INFRASTRUC-TURE FOR INCREASED WATER SUP-PLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At the request of a non- Federal interest, the Secretary may review proposals to increase the quantity of avail-able supplies of water at Federal water re-sources projects through— (1) modification of a water resources project; (2) modification of how a project is man-aged; or (3) accessing water released from a project. (b) P
ROPOSALS INCLUDED .—A proposal under subsection (a) may include— (1) increasing the storage capacity of the project; (2) diversion of water released or with-drawn from the project— (A) to recharge groundwater; (B) to aquifer storage and recovery; or (C) to any other storage facility; (3) construction of facilities for delivery of water from pumping stations constructed by the Secretary; (4) construction of facilities to access water; and (5) a combination of the activities de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (4). (c) EXCLUSIONS .—This section shall not apply to a proposal that— (1) reallocates existing water supply or hy-dropower storage; or (2) reduces water available for any author-ized project purpose. (d) O
THER FEDERAL PROJECTS .—In any case in which a proposal relates to a Federal project that is not owned by the Secretary, this section shall apply only to activities under the authority of the Secretary. (e) R
EVIEW PROCESS .— (1) N
OTICE .—On receipt of a proposal sub-mitted under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide a copy of the proposal to each entity described in paragraph (2) and if appli-cable, the Federal agency that owns the project, in the case of a project owned by an agency other than the Department of the Army. (2) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—In reviewing proposals submitted under subsection (a), and prior to making any decisions regarding a proposal, the Secretary shall comply with all applicable public participation require-ments under law, including consultation with— (A) affected States; (B) Power Marketing Administrations, in the case of reservoirs with Federal hydro-power projects; (C) entities responsible for operation and maintenance costs; (D) any entity that has a contractual right from the Federal Government or a State to withdraw water from, or use storage at, the project; (E) entities that the State determines hold rights under State law to the use of water from the project; and (F) units of local government with flood risk reduction responsibilities downstream of the project. (f) A
UTHORITIES .—A proposal submitted to the Secretary under subsection (a) may be reviewed and approved, if applicable and ap-propriate, under— (1) the specific authorization for the water resources project; (2) section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a); (3) section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b); and (4) section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (commonly known as the ‘‘Rivers and Har-bors Act of 1899’’) (33 U.S.C. 408). (g) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary shall not approve a proposal submitted under sub-section (a) that— (1) is not supported by the Federal agency that owns the project if the owner is not the Secretary; (2) interferes with an authorized purpose of the project; (3) adversely impacts contractual rights to water or storage at the reservoir; (4) adversely impacts legal rights to water under State law, as determined by an af-fected State; (5) increases costs for any entity other than the entity that submitted the proposal; or (6) if a project is subject to section 301(e) of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b(e)), makes modifications to the project that do not meet the requirements of that section unless the modification is submitted to and authorized by Congress. (h) COSTSHARE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), 100 percent of the cost of de-veloping, reviewing, and implementing a pro-posal submitted under subsection (a) shall be provided by an entity other than the Federal Government. (2) P
LANNING ASSISTANCE TO STATES .—In the case of a proposal from an entity author-ized to receive assistance under section 22 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d-16), the Secretary may use funds available under that section to pay 50 percent of the cost of a review of a pro-posal submitted under subsection (a). (3) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE COSTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), the operation and maintenance costs for the non-Federal spon-sor of a proposal submitted under subsection (a) shall be 100 percent of the separable oper-ation and maintenance costs associated with the costs of implementing the proposal. (B) C
ERTAIN WATER SUPPLY STORAGE  
PROJECTS .—For a proposal submitted under subsection (a) for constructing additional water supply storage at a reservoir for use under a water supply storage agreement, in addition to the costs under subparagraph (A), the non-Federal costs shall include the proportional share of any joint-use costs for operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, or rehabilitation of the reservoir project de-termined in accordance with section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b). (C) V
OLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS .—An entity other than an entity described in subpara-graph (A) may voluntarily contribute to the costs of implementing a proposal submitted under subsection (a). (i) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may receive and expend funds contributed by a non-Federal interest for the review and ap-proval of a proposal submitted under sub-section (a). (j) A
SSISTANCE .—On request by a non-Fed-eral interest, the Secretary may provide technical assistance in the development or implementation of a proposal under sub-section (a), including assistance in obtaining necessary permits for construction, if the non-Federal interest contracts with the Sec-retary to pay all costs of providing the tech-nical assistance. (k) E
XCLUSION .—This section shall not apply to reservoirs in— (1) the Upper Missouri River; (2) the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint river system; (3) the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa river system; and (4) the Stones River. (l) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section affects or modifies any authority of the Secretary to review or modify reservoirs. 
SEC. 1013. NEW ENGLAND DISTRICT HEAD-QUARTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), using amounts available in the revolving fund established by section 101 of the Civil Functions Appropriations Act, 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576) and not otherwise obligated, the Sec-retary may— (1) design, renovate, and construct addi-tions to 2 buildings located on Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Massachusetts for the headquarters of the New England District of the Army Corps of Engineers; and (2) carry out such construction and infra-structure improvements as are required to support the headquarters of the New England District of the Army Corps of Engineers, in-cluding any necessary demolition of the ex-isting infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5606 September 13, 2016 
(b) R EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the revolving fund established by section 101 of the Civil Functions Appropriations Act, 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576) is appropriately reim-bursed from funds appropriated for programs that receive a benefit under this section. 
SEC. 1014. BUFFALO DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), using amounts available in the revolving fund established by section 101 of the Civil Functions Appropriations Act, 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576) and not otherwise obligated, the Sec-retary may— (1) design and construct a new building in Buffalo, New York, for the headquarters of the Buffalo District of the Army Corps of En-gineers; and (2) carry out such construction and infra-structure improvements as are required to support the headquarters and related instal-lations and facilities of the Buffalo District of the Army Corps of Engineers, including any necessary demolition or renovation of the existing infrastructure. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the revolving fund established by section 101 of the Civil Functions Appropriations Act, 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576) is appropriately reim-bursed from funds appropriated for programs that receive a benefit under this section. 
SEC. 1015. COMPLETION OF ECOSYSTEM RES-TORATION PROJECTS. 
Section 2039 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2330a) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NCLUSIONS .—A monitoring plan under subsection (b) shall include a description of— ‘‘(1) the types and number of restoration activities to be conducted; ‘‘(2) the physical action to be undertaken to achieve the restoration objectives of the project; ‘‘(3) the functions and values that will re-sult from the restoration plan; and ‘‘(4) a contingency plan for taking correc-tive actions in cases in which monitoring demonstrates that restoration measures are not achieving ecological success in accord-ance with criteria described in the moni-toring plan. ‘‘(e) C
ONCLUSION OF OPERATION AND MAIN-
TENANCE RESPONSIBILITY .—The responsibility of the non-Federal sponsor for operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, and reha-bilitation of the ecosystem restoration project shall cease 10 years after the date on which the Secretary makes a determination of success under subsection (b)(2).’’. 
SEC. 1016. CREDIT FOR DONATED GOODS. 
Section 221(a)(4)(D)(iv) of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d- 5b(a)(4)(D)(iv)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘regardless of the cost in-curred by the non-Federal interest,’’ before ‘‘shall not’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘costs’’ and inserting ‘‘value’’. 
SEC. 1017. STRUCTURAL HEALTH MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-sign and develop a structural health moni-toring program to assess and improve the condition of infrastructure constructed and maintained by the Corps of Engineers, in-cluding research, design, and development of systems and frameworks for— (1) response to flood and earthquake events; (2) pre-disaster mitigation measures; (3) lengthening the useful life of the infra-structure; and (4) identifying risks due to sea level rise. (b) C
ONSULTATION AND CONSIDERATION .—In developing the program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) consult with academic and other ex-perts; and (2) consider models for maintenance and repair information, the development of deg-radation models for real-time measurements and environmental inputs, and research on qualitative inspection data as surrogate sen-sors. SEC. 1018. FISH AND WILDLIFE MITIGATION. 
Section 906 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) include measures to protect or restore habitat connectivity’’; (B) in paragraph (6)(C), by striking ‘‘im-pacts’’ and inserting ‘‘impacts, including im-pacts to habitat connectivity’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (11) and inserting the following: ‘‘(11) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this subsection— ‘‘(A) requires the Secretary to undertake additional mitigation for existing projects for which mitigation has already been initi-ated, including the addition of fish passage to an existing water resources development project; or ‘‘(B) affects the mitigation responsibilities of the Secretary under any other provision of law.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary may use funds made available for preconstruction engineering and design prior to authoriza-tion of project construction to satisfy miti-gation requirements through third-party ar-rangements or to acquire interests in land necessary for meeting mitigation require-ments under this section. ‘‘(k) M
EASURES .—The Secretary shall con-sult with interested members of the public, the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the Assistant Adminis-trator for Fisheries of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, States, in-cluding State fish and game departments, and interested local governments to identify standard measures under subsection (h)(6)(C) that reflect the best available scientific in-formation for evaluating habitat connectivity.’’. 
SEC. 1019. NON-FEDERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 221(b)(1) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Village Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602))’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’. 
SEC. 1020. DISCRETE SEGMENT. 
Section 204 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2232) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘project or separable ele-ment’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘project, separable element, or discrete seg-ment’’; (2) by striking ‘‘project, or separable ele-ment thereof,’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘project, separable element, or dis-crete segment of a project’’; (3) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (B) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘In this section, the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
ISCRETE SEGMENT .—The term ‘dis-crete segment’, with respect to a project, means a physical portion of the project, as described in design documents, that is envi-ronmentally acceptable, is complete, will not create a hazard, and functions independ-ently so that the non-Federal sponsor can operate and maintain the discrete segment in advance of completion of the total project or separable element of the project. ‘‘(2) WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECT .—The’’; (4) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘project, or separate element thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘project, separable element, or dis-crete segment of a project’’; and (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘project’’ and inserting ‘‘project, separable element, or dis-crete segment’’; (B) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘project, or a separable element of a water resources development project,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘project, separable element, or discrete segment of a project’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) R
EPAYMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—If the non-Federal interest receives reimbursement for a discrete segment of a project and fails to complete the entire project or separable element of the project, the non-Federal in-terest shall repay to the Secretary the amount of the reimbursement, plus inter-est.’’. 
SEC. 1021. FUNDING TO PROCESS PERMITS. 
Section 214(a) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2352(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) R
AIL CARRIER .—The term ‘rail carrier’ has the meaning given the term in section 10102 of title 49, United States Code.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or natural gas company’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas company, or rail carrier’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or natural gas company’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas company, or rail carrier’’; and (4) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and nat-ural gas companies’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas companies, and rail carriers, including an evaluation of the compliance with all re-quirements of this section and, with respect to a permit for those entities, the require-ments of all applicable Federal laws’’. 
SEC. 1022. INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH PRO-GRAM. 
Section 401 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2329) is amend-ed by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may en-gage in activities to inform the United States of technological innovations abroad that could significantly improve water re-sources development in the United States. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Activities under para-graph (1) may include— ‘‘(A) development, monitoring, assessment, and dissemination of information about for-eign water resources projects that could sig-nificantly improve water resources develop-ment in the United States; ‘‘(B) research, development, training, and other forms of technology transfer and ex-change; and ‘‘(C) offering technical services that can-not be readily obtained in the private sector to be incorporated into water resources projects if the costs for assistance will be re-covered under the terms of each project.’’. 
SEC. 1023. WETLANDS MITIGATION. 
Section 2036(c) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2317b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5607 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(4) M ITIGATION BANKS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall issue implementa-tion guidance that provides for the consider-ation in water resources development feasi-bility studies of the entire amount of poten-tial in-kind credits available at mitigation banks and in-lieu fee programs with an ap-proved service area that includes the pro-jected impacts of the water resource develop-ment project. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—All potential mitiga-tion bank and in-lieu fee credits that meet the criteria under subparagraph (A) shall be considered a reasonable alternative for plan-ning purposes if the applicable mitigation bank— ‘‘(i) has an approved mitigation banking instrument; and ‘‘(ii) has completed a functional analysis of the potential credits using the approved Corps of Engineers certified habitat assess-ment model specific to the region. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph modifies or alters any requirement for a water resources project to comply with ap-plicable laws or regulations, including sec-tion 906 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283).’’. 
SEC. 1024. USE OF YOUTH SERVICE AND CON-SERVATION CORPS. 
Section 213 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2339) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) Y
OUTH SERVICE AND CONSERVATION  C
ORPS .—The Secretary shall encourage each district of the Corps of Engineers to enter into cooperative agreements authorized under this section with qualified youth serv-ice and conservation corps to perform appro-priate projects.’’. 
SEC. 1025. DEBRIS REMOVAL. 
Section 3 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act au-thorizing the construction, repair, and pres-ervation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, ap-proved March 2, 1945 (33 U.S.C. 603a), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’; (2) by striking ‘‘accumulated snags and other debris’’ and inserting ‘‘accumulated snags, obstructions, and other debris located in or adjacent to a Federal channel’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘or flood control’’ and in-serting ‘‘, flood control, or recreation’’. 
SEC. 1026. AQUACULTURE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General shall carry out an assessment of the shellfish aquaculture industry, including— (1) an examination of Federal and State laws (including regulations) in each relevant district of the Corps of Engineers; (2) the number of shellfish aquaculture leases, verifications, or permits in place in each relevant district of the Corps of Engi-neers; (3) the period of time required to secure a shellfish aquaculture lease, verification, or permit from each relevant jurisdiction; and (4) the experience of the private sector in applying for shellfish aquaculture permits from different jurisdictions of the Corps of Engineers and different States. (b) S
TUDY AREA.—The study area shall comprise, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, the following applicable locations: (1) The Chesapeake Bay. (2) The Gulf Coast States. (3) The State of California. (4) The State of Washington. (c) F
INDINGS .—Not later than 225 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Commit-tees on Environment and Public Works and on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate and the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the findings of the assessment con-ducted under subsection (a). SEC. 1027. LEVEE VEGETATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3013(g)(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 701n note; Public Law 113–121) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘remove existing vegeta-tion or’’ after ‘‘the Secretary shall not’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘as a condition or require-ment for any approval or funding of a project, or any other action’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) describes the reasons for the failure of the Secretary to meet the deadlines in sub-section (f) of section 3013 of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 701n note; Public Law 113–121); and (2) provides a plan for completion of the ac-tivities required in that subsection (f). 
SEC. 1028. PLANNING ASSISTANCE TO STATES. 
Section 22(a)(1) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d- 16(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, a group of States, or a regional or national consortia of States’’ after ‘‘working with a State’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘located within the bound-aries of such State’’. 
SEC. 1029. PRIORITIZATION. 
Section 1011 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2341a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by inserting ‘‘re-store or’’ before ‘‘prevent the loss’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘that—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘that’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), respectively, and indenting ap-propriately; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (C) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘For’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF CUR -
RENTLY AUTHORIZED PROGRAMMATIC AUTHORI -
TIES.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2016, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that contains— ‘‘(A) a list of all programmatic authorities for aquatic ecosystem restoration or im-provement of the environment that— ‘‘(i) were authorized or modified in the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1041) or any subsequent Act; and ‘‘(ii) that meet the criteria described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) a plan for expeditiously completing the projects under the authorities described in subparagraph (A), subject to available funding.’’. SEC. 1030. KENNEWICK MAN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
LAIMANT TRIBES .—The term ‘‘claimant tribes’’ means the Indian tribes and band re-ferred to in the letter from Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt to Secretary of the Army Louis Caldera, relating to the human remains and dated September 21, 2000. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation. (3) H
UMAN REMAINS .—The term ‘‘human re-mains’’ means the human remains that— (A) are known as Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, which includes the projectile point lodged in the right ilium bone, as well as any residue from previous sampling and studies; and (B) are part of archaeological collection number 45BN495. (b) T
RANSFER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal law, including the Na-tive American Graves Protection and Repa-triation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), or law of the State of Washington, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall transfer the human remains to the Department, on the condition that the Department, acting through the State His-toric Preservation Officer, disposes of the re-mains and repatriates the remains to claim-ant tribes. (c) C
OST.—The Corps of Engineers shall be responsible for any costs associated with the transfer. (d) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The transfer shall be lim-ited solely to the human remains portion of the archaeological collection. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary shall have no further responsibility for the human re-mains transferred pursuant to subsection (b) after the date of the transfer. 
SEC. 1031. DISPOSITION STUDIES. 
In carrying out any disposition study for a project of the Corps of Engineers (including a study under section 216 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a)), the Sec-retary shall consider the extent to which the property has economic or recreational sig-nificance or impacts at the national, State, or local level. 
SEC. 1032. TRANSFER OF EXCESS CREDIT. 
Section 1020 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2223) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Subject to subsection (b)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
PPLICATION OF CREDIT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE INTERVALS .—On request from a non-Federal interest, the credit de-scribed in subsection (a) may be applied at reasonable intervals as those intervals occur and are identified as being in excess of the required non-Federal cost share prior to completion of the study or project if the credit amount is verified by the Secretary.’’; (2) by striking subsection (d); and (3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). 
SEC. 1033. SURPLUS WATER STORAGE. 
Section 1046(c) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1254) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) T
IME LIMIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary has doc-umented the volume of surplus water avail-able, not later than 60 days after the date on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5608 September 13, 2016 
which the Secretary receives a request for a contract and easement, the Secretary shall issue a decision on the request. ‘‘(B) O
UTSTANDING INFORMATION .—If the Secretary has not documented the volume of surplus water available, not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a request for a contract and ease-ment, the Secretary shall provide to the re-quester— ‘‘(i) an identification of any outstanding information that is needed to make a final decision; ‘‘(ii) the date by which the information re-ferred to in clause (i) shall be obtained; and ‘‘(iii) the date by which the Secretary will make a final decision on the request.’’. 
SEC. 1034. HURRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RE-DUCTION. 
Section 3(c)(2)(B) of the Act of August 13, 1946 (33 U.S.C. 426g(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1035. FISH HATCHERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may operate a fish hatchery for the purpose of re-storing a population of fish species located in the region surrounding the fish hatchery that is listed as a threatened species or an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or a similar State law. (b) C
OSTS.—A non-Federal entity, another Federal agency, or a group of non-Federal entities or other Federal agencies shall be responsible for 100 percent of the additional costs associated with managing a fish hatch-ery for the purpose described in subsection (a) that are not authorized as of the date of enactment of this Act for the fish hatchery. 
SEC. 1036. FEASIBILITY STUDIES AND WATER-SHED ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) V ERTICAL INTEGRATION AND ACCELERA -
TION OF STUDIES .—Section 1001(d) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282c(d)) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 1 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that iden-tifies any feasibility study for which the Sec-retary in the preceding fiscal year approved an increase in cost or extension in time as provided under this section, including an identification of the specific 1 or more fac-tors used in making the determination that the project is complex.’’. (b) C
OSTSHARING .—Section 105(a)(1)(A) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2215(a)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking the subparagraph designa-tion and heading and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—For the purpose of meet-ing or otherwise communicating with pro-spective non-Federal sponsors to identify the scope of a potential water resources project feasibility study, identifying the Federal in-terest, developing the cost sharing agree-ment, and developing the project manage-ment plan, the first $100,000 of the feasibility study shall be a Federal expense.’’. (c) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—Section 729(f)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2267a(f)(1)) is amended by in-serting before the period at the end ‘‘, except that the first $100,000 of the assessment shall be a Federal expense’’. SEC. 1037. SHORE DAMAGE PREVENTION OR MITI-GATION. 
Section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968 (33 U.S.C. 426i) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘meas-ures’’ and all that follows through ‘‘project’’ and inserting ‘‘measures, including a study, shall be cost-shared in the same proportion as the cost-sharing provisions applicable to construction of the project’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR FEASIBILITY  S
TUDIES .—Beginning on the date of enact-ment of this subsection, in any case in which the Secretary implements a project under this section, the Secretary shall reimburse or credit the non-Federal interest for any amounts contributed for the study evalu-ating the damage in excess of the non-Fed-eral share of the costs, as determined under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 1038. ENHANCING LAKE RECREATION OP-PORTUNITIES. 
Section 3134 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1142) is amended by striking subsection (e). 
SEC. 1039. COST ESTIMATES. 
Section 2008 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2340) is amend-ed by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 1040. TRIBAL PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2269) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘projects’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary may carry out water-related planning activities, or activities relating to the study, design, and construction of water resources develop-ment projects or projects for the preserva-tion of cultural and natural resources,’’; (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS TO BE STUDIED .—A study’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Any activ-ity’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
EASIBILITY STUDY AND REPORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—On the request of an In-dian tribe, the Secretary shall conduct a study, and provide to the Indian tribe a re-port describing the feasibility of a water re-sources development project or project for the preservation of cultural and natural re-sources described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATION .—A report under subparagraph (A) may, but shall not be re-quired to, contain a recommendation on a specific water resources development project. ‘‘(C) F
UNDING .—The first $100,000 of a study under this paragraph shall be at full Federal expense. ‘‘(4) D
ESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out the design and construction of a water resources development project or project for the preservation of cultural and natural resources described in paragraph (1) that the Secretary determines is feasible if the Federal share of the cost of the project is not more than $10,000,000. ‘‘(B) S
PECIFIC AUTHORIZATION .—If the Fed-eral share of the cost of a project described in subparagraph (A) is more than $10,000,000, the Secretary may only carry out the project if Congress enacts a law authorizing the Sec-retary to carry out the project.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘studies’’ and inserting ‘‘any activity’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘car-rying out projects studied’’ and inserting ‘‘any activity conducted’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘a study’’ and inserting ‘‘any activity con-ducted’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) CREDIT .—The Secretary may credit to-ward the non-Federal share of the costs of any activity conducted under subsection (b) the cost of services, studies, supplies, or other in-kind contributions provided by the non-Federal interest. ‘‘(3) S
OVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—The Secretary shall not require an Indian tribe to waive the sovereign immunity of the Indian tribe as a condition to entering into a cost-sharing agreement under this subsection. ‘‘(4) W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of costs for the study of a water resources de-velopment project described in subsection (b)(1) shall be 50 percent. ‘‘(B) O
THER COSTS .—The non-Federal share of costs of design and construction of a project described in subparagraph (A) shall be assigned to the appropriate project pur-poses described in sections 101 and 103 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211, 2213) and shared in the same per-centages as the purposes to which the costs are assigned. ‘‘(5) P
ROJECTS FOR THE PRESERVATION OF  
CULTURAL AND NATURAL RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of costs for the study of a project for the preservation of cultural and natural re-sources described in subsection (b)(1) shall be 50 percent. ‘‘(B) O
THER COSTS .—The non-Federal share of costs of design and construction of a project described in subparagraph (A) shall be 65 percent. ‘‘(6) W
ATER -RELATED PLANNING ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of costs of a watershed and river basin as-sessment shall be 25 percent. ‘‘(B) O
THER COSTS .—The non-Federal share of costs of other water-related planning ac-tivities described in subsection (b)(1) shall be 65 percent.’’; and (4) by striking subsection (e). 
SEC. 1041. COST SHARING FOR TERRITORIES AND INDIAN TRIBES. 
Section 1156 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310) is amend-ed— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
TERRITORIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ TERRITORIES  
AND INDIAN TRIBES ’’; and (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall waive local cost-sharing requirements up to $200,000 for all studies, projects, and assist-ance under section 22(a) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d-16(a))— ‘‘(1) in American Samoa, Guam, the North-ern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands; and ‘‘(2) for any Indian tribe (as defined in sec-tion 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 5130)).’’. 
SEC. 1042. LOCAL GOVERNMENT WATER MANAGE-MENT PLANS. 
The Secretary, with the consent of the non-Federal sponsor of a feasibility study for a water resources development project, may enter into a feasibility study cost-sharing agreement under section 221(a) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(a)), to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5609 September 13, 2016 
allow a unit of local government in a water-shed that has adopted a local or regional water management plan to participate in the feasibility study to determine if there is an opportunity to include additional feasible elements in the project being studied to help achieve the purposes identified in the local or regional water management plan. 
SEC. 1043. CREDIT IN LIEU OF REIMBURSEMENT. 
Section 1022 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2225) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘that has been constructed by a non-Federal interest under section 211 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) be-fore the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘for which a written agreement with the Corps of Engineers for construction was finalized on or before December 31, 2014, under section 211 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) (as it existed before the repeal made by section 1014(c)(3))’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘share of the cost of the non-Federal interest of car-rying out other flood damage reduction projects or studies’’ and inserting ‘‘non-Fed-eral share of the cost of carrying out other water resources development projects or studies of the non-Federal interest’’. 
SEC. 1044. RETROACTIVE CHANGES TO COST- SHARING AGREEMENTS. 
Study costs incurred before the date of execution of a feasibility cost-sharing agree-ment for a project to be carried out under section 206 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 2330) shall be Fed-eral costs, if— (1) the study was initiated before October 1, 2006; and (2) the feasibility cost-sharing agreement was not executed before January 1, 2014. 
SEC. 1045. EASEMENTS FOR ELECTRIC, TELE-PHONE, OR BROADBAND SERVICE FACILITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FINANC-ING UNDER THE RURAL ELEC-TRIFICATION ACT OF 1936. 
(a) D EFINITION OF WATER RESOURCES DE-
VELOPMENT PROJECT .—In this section, the term ‘‘water resources development project’’ means a project under the administrative ju-risdiction of the Corps of Engineers that is subject to part 327 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). (b) N
OCONSIDERATION FOR EASEMENTS .— The Secretary may not collect consideration for an easement across water resources de-velopment project land for the electric, tele-phone, or broadband service facilities of non-profit organizations eligible for financing under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.). (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Nothing in this section affects the authority of the Sec-retary under section 2695 of title 10, United States Code, or under section 9701 of title 31, United State Code, to collect funds to cover reasonable administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1046. STUDY ON THE PERFORMANCE OF IN-NOVATIVE MATERIALS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF INNOVATIVE MATERIAL .— In this section, the term ‘‘innovative mate-rial’’, with respect to a water resources de-velopment project, includes high perform-ance concrete formulations, geosynthetic materials, advanced alloys and metals, rein-forced polymer composites, and any other material, as determined by the Secretary. (b) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall offer to enter into a contract with the Transpor-tation Research Board of the National Acad-emy of Sciences— (A) to develop a proposal to study the use and performance of innovative materials in water resources development projects car-ried out by the Corps of Engineers; and (B) after the opportunity for public com-ment provided in accordance with subsection (c), to carry out the study proposed under subparagraph (A). (2) CONTENTS .—The study under paragraph (1) shall identify— (A) the conditions that result in degrada-tion of water resources infrastructure; (B) the capabilities of the innovative mate-rials in reducing degradation; (C) barriers to the expanded successful use of innovative materials; (D) recommendations on including per-formance-based requirements for the incor-poration of innovative materials into the Unified Facilities Guide Specifications; (E) recommendations on how greater use of innovative materials could increase perform-ance of an asset of the Corps of Engineers in relation to extended service life; (F) additional ways in which greater use of innovative materials could empower the Corps of Engineers to accomplish the goals of the Strategic Plan for Civil Works of the Corps of Engineers; and (G) recommendations on any further re-search needed to improve the capabilities of innovative materials in achieving extended service life and reduced maintenance costs in water resources development infrastructure. (c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—After developing the study proposal under subsection (b)(1)(A) and before carrying out the study under sub-section (b)(1)(B), the Secretary shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the study proposal. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary, at a minimum, shall consult with relevant experts on engineering, environmental, and industry considerations. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the results of the study required under subsection (b)(1). 
SEC. 1047. DEAUTHORIZATION OF INACTIVE PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6001(c) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 579b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF CONSTRUCTION .—In this subsection, the term ‘construction’ includes the obligation or expenditure of non-Federal funds for construction of elements integral to the authorized project, whether or not the activity takes place pursuant to any agree-ment with, expenditure by, or obligation from the Secretary.’’. (b) N
OTICES OF CORRECTION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Fed-eral Register a notice of correction removing from the lists under subsections (c) and (d) of section 6001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 579b) any project that was listed even though con-struction (as defined in subsection (c)(5) of that section) took place. 
SEC. 1048. REVIEW OF RESERVOIR OPERATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
ESERVED WORKS .—The term ‘‘reserved works’’ means any Bureau of Reclamation project facility at which the Secretary of the Interior carries out the operation and main-tenance of the project facility. (2) T
RANSFERRED WORKS .—The term ‘‘trans-ferred works’’ means a Bureau of Reclama-tion project facility, the operation and main-tenance of which is carried out by a non-Fed-eral entity under the provisions of a formal operation and maintenance transfer con-tract. (3) T
RANSFERRED WORKS OPERATING ENTI -
TY.—The term ‘‘transferred works operating entity’’ means the organization that is con-tractually responsible for operation and maintenance of transferred works. (b) APPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section applies to reservoirs that are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 7 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 709) located in a State in which a Bureau of Reclamation project is located. (2) E
XCLUSIONS .—This section shall not apply to— (A) any project authorized by the Boulder Canyon Project Act (43 U.S.C. 617 et seq.); (B) the initial units of the Colorado River Storage Project, as authorized by the first section of the Act of April 11, 1956 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Stor-age Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620); (C) any dam or reservoir operated by the Bureau of Reclamation as reserved works, unless all non-Federal project sponsors of the reserved works jointly provide to the Secretary a written request for application of this section to the project; (D) any dam or reservoir owned and oper-ated by the Corps of Engineers; or (E) any Bureau of Reclamation transferred works, unless the transferred works oper-ating entity provides to the Secretary a written request for application of this sec-tion to the project. (c) R
EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with the authorities of the Secretary in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, at the reservoirs described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may— (A) review any flood control rule curves de-veloped by the Secretary; and (B) determine, based on the best available science (including improved weather fore-casts and forecast-informed operations, new watershed data, or structural improvements) whether an update to the flood control rule curves and associated changes to the water operations manuals is appropriate. (2) D
ESCRIPTION OF RESERVOIRS .—The res- ervoirs referred to in paragraph (1) are res-ervoirs— (A)(i) located in areas with prolonged drought conditions; or (ii) for which no review has occurred dur-ing the 10-year period preceding the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) for which individuals or entities, in-cluding the individuals or entities respon-sible for operations and maintenance costs or that have storage entitlements or con-tracts at a reservoir, a unit of local govern-ment, the owner of a non-Federal project, or the non-Federal transferred works operating entity, as applicable, have submitted to the Secretary a written request to carry out the review described in paragraph (1). (3) R
EQUIRED CONSULTATION .—In carrying out a review under paragraph (1) and prior to updating any flood control rule curves and manuals under subsection (e), the Secretary shall comply with all applicable public par-ticipation and agency review requirements, including consultation with— (A) affected States, Indian tribes, and other Federal and State agencies with juris-diction over a portion of or all of the project or the operations of the project; (B) the applicable power marketing admin-istration, in the case of reservoirs with Fed-eral hydropower projects; (C) any non-Federal entity responsible for operation and maintenance costs; (D) any entity that has a contractual right to withdraw water from, or use storage at, the project; (E) any entity that the State determines holds rights under State law to the use of water from the project; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5610 September 13, 2016 
(F) any unit of local government with flood risk reduction responsibilities downstream of the project. (d) A
GREEMENT .—Before carrying out an activity under this section, the Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement, memorandum of understanding, or other agreement with an affected State, any owner or operator of the reservoir, and, on request, any non-Federal entities responsible for op-eration and maintenance costs at the res-ervoir, that describes the scope and goals of the activity and the coordination among the parties. (e) U
PDATES .—If the Secretary determines under subsection (c) that an update to a flood control rule curve and associated changes to a water operations manual is ap-propriate, the Secretary may update the flood control rule curve and manual in ac-cordance with the authorities in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (f) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d), the Secretary may accept and expend amounts from the entities described in para-graph (2) to fund all or part of the cost of carrying out a review under subsection (c) or an update under subsection (e), including any associated environmental documenta-tion. (2) D
ESCRIPTION OF ENTITIES .—The entities referred to in paragraph (1) are— (A) non-Federal entities responsible for op-erations and maintenance costs at the af-fected reservoir; (B) individuals and non-Federal entities with storage entitlements at the affected reservoir; (C) a Federal power marketing agency that markets power produced by the affected res-ervoir; (D) units of local government; (E) public or private entities holding con-tracts with the Federal Government for water storage or water supply at the affected reservoir; and (F) a nonprofit entity, with the consent of the affected unit of local government. (3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary may— (A) accept and use materials and services contributed by an entity described in para-graph (2) under this subsection; and (B) credit the value of the contributed ma-terials and services toward the cost of car-rying out a review or revision of operational documents under this section. (g) P
ROTECTION OF EXISTING RIGHTS .—The Secretary shall not issue an updated flood control rule curve or operations manual under subsection (e) that— (1) interferes with an authorized purpose of the project or the existing purposes of a non- Federal project regulated for flood control by the Secretary; (2) reduces the ability to meet contractual rights to water or storage at the reservoir; (3) adversely impacts legal rights to water under State law; (4) fails to address appropriate credit for the appropriate power marketing agency, if applicable; or (5) if a project is subject to section 301(e) of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b(e)), makes modifications to the project that do not meet the requirements of that section, unless the modification is submitted to and authorized by Congress. (h) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section— (1) authorizes the Secretary to take any action not otherwise authorized as of the date of enactment of this Act; (2) affects or modifies any obligation of the Secretary under Federal or State law; or (3) affects or modifies any other authority of the Secretary to review or modify res-ervoir operations. SEC. 1049. WRITTEN AGREEMENT REQUIREMENT FOR WATER RESOURCES PROJECTS. 
Section 221(a)(3) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘State legislature, the agree-ment may reflect’’ and inserting ‘‘State leg-islature, on the request of the State, body politic, or entity, the agreement shall re-flect’’. 
SEC. 1050. MAXIMUM COST OF PROJECTS. 
Section 902 of the Water Resources Devel-opment of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2280) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘in-dexes’’ and inserting ‘‘indexes, including ac-tual appreciation in relevant real estate markets’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding sub-section (a), in accordance with section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a)’’; (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (i) by striking ‘‘funds’’ the first place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘funds, in-kind contribu-tions, and land, easements, and right-of-way, relocations, and dredged material disposal areas’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘such funds’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the contributions’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Funds, in-kind contribu-tions, and land, easements, and right-of-way, relocations, and dredged material disposal areas provided under this subsection are not eligible for credit or repayment and shall not be included in calculating the total cost of the project.’’. 
SEC. 1051. CONVERSION OF SURPLUS WATER AGREEMENTS. 
Section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 708), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘
SEC. 6. That the Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6. SALE OF SURPLUS WATERS FOR DOMES-TIC AND INDUSTRIAL USES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) C
ONTINUATION OF CERTAIN WATER SUP-
PLY AGREEMENTS .—In any case in which a water supply agreement was predicated on water that was surplus to a purpose and pro-vided for contingent permanent storage rights under section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b) pending the need for storage for that purpose, and that pur-pose is no longer authorized, the Secretary of the Army shall continue the agreement with the same payment and all other terms as in effect prior to deauthorization of the purpose if the non-Federal entity has met all of the conditions of the agreement. ‘‘(c) P
ERMANENT STORAGE AGREEMENTS .—In any case in which a water supply agreement with a duration of 30 years or longer was predicated on water that was surplus to a purpose and provided for the complete pay-ment of the actual investment costs of stor-age to be used, and that purpose is no longer authorized, the Secretary of the Army shall provide to the non-Federal entity an oppor-tunity to convert the agreement to a perma-nent storage agreement in accordance with section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), with the same payment terms incorporated in the agreement.’’. 
SEC. 1052. AUTHORIZED FUNDING FOR INTER-AGENCY AND INTERNATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
Section 234(d)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 2323a(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’. TITLE II—NAVIGATION SEC. 2001. PROJECTS FUNDED BY THE INLAND WATERWAYS TRUST FUND. 
Beginning on June 10, 2014, and ending on the date that is 15 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, section 1001(b)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(2)) shall not apply to any project authorized to receive funding from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund estab-lished by section 9506(a) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. 
SEC. 2002. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF FUEL-TAXED INLAND WATERWAYS. 
Section 102(c) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2212(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
REDIT OR REIMBURSEMENT .—The Fed- eral share of operation and maintenance car-ried out by a non-Federal interest under this subsection after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 shall be eligible for reimburse-ment or for credit toward— ‘‘(A) the non-Federal share of future oper-ation and maintenance under this sub-section; or ‘‘(B) any measure carried out by the Sec-retary under section 3017(a) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3303a note; Public Law 113–121).’’. 
SEC. 2003. FUNDING FOR HARBOR MAINTENANCE PROGRAMS. 
Section 2101 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The target total’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subsection (c), the target total’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—If the target total budget resources for a fiscal year described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (J) of subsection (b)(1) is lower than the target total budget resources for the previous fiscal year, then the target total budget resources shall be ad-justed to be equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) 103 percent of the total budget re-sources appropriated for the previous fiscal year; or ‘‘(2) 100 percent of the total amount of har-bor maintenance taxes received in the pre-vious fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 2004. DREDGED MATERIAL DISPOSAL. 
Disposal of dredged material shall not be considered environmentally acceptable for the purposes of identifying the Federal standard (as defined in section 335.7 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)) if the disposal violates applica-ble State water quality standards approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). 
SEC. 2005. CAPE ARUNDEL DISPOSAL SITE, MAINE. 
(a) D EADLINE .—The Cape Arundel Disposal Site selected by the Department of the Army as an alternative dredged material disposal site under section 103(b) of the Marine Pro-tection, Research, and Sanctuaries Act of 1972 (33 U.S.C. 1413(b)) and reopened pursuant to section 113 of the Energy and Water De-velopment and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 158) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Site’’) may remain open until the earlier of— (1) the date on which the Site does not have any remaining disposal capacity; (2) the date on which an environmental im-pact statement designating an alternative dredged material disposal site for southern Maine has been completed; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5611 September 13, 2016 
(3) the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The use of the Site as a dredged material disposal site under sub-section (a) shall be subject to the conditions that— (1) conditions at the Site remain suitable for the continued use of the Site as a dredged material disposal site; and (2) the Site not be used for the disposal of more than 80,000 cubic yards from any single dredging project. 
SEC. 2006. MAINTENANCE OF HARBORS OF REF-UGE. 
The Secretary is authorized to maintain federally authorized harbors of refuge to re-store and maintain the authorized dimen-sions of the harbors. 
SEC. 2007. AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) consult with the Commandant of the Coast Guard regarding navigation on the Ouachita-Black Rivers; and (2) share information regarding the assist-ance that the Secretary can provide regard-ing the placement of any aids to navigation on the rivers referred to in paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the outcome of the con-sultation under subsection (a). 
SEC. 2008. BENEFICIAL USE OF DREDGED MATE-RIAL. 
Section 204 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2326) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘For sediment’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For sediment’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
EDIMENT FROM OTHER FEDERAL  
SOURCES AND NON -FEDERAL SOURCES .—For purposes of projects carried out under this section, the Secretary may include sediment from other Federal sources and non-Federal sources, subject to the requirement that any sediment obtained from a non-Federal source shall not be obtained at Federal expense.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Disposal of dredged material under this subsection may include a single or periodic application of sediment for beneficial use and shall not require oper-ation and maintenance. ‘‘(4) D
ISPOSAL AT NON -FEDERAL COST .—The Secretary may accept funds from a non-Fed-eral interest to dispose of dredged material as provided under section 103(d)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2213(d)(1)).’’. 
SEC. 2009. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF HARBOR PROJECTS. 
Section 210(c)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(c)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 2010. ADDITIONAL MEASURES AT DONOR PORTS AND ENERGY TRANSFER PORTS. 
Section 2106 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), re-spectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETIONARY CARGO .—The term ‘dis-cretionary cargo’ means maritime cargo that is destined for inland locations and that can be economically shipped through multiple seaports located in different countries or re-gions.’’; (C) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as clause (i) through (iv), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as redesignated), by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION .—For the purpose of cal-culating the percentage described in sub-paragraph (A)(iii), payments described under subsection (c)(1) shall not be included.’’; (D) in paragraph (5)(A) (as redesignated), by striking ‘‘Code of Federal Regulation’’ and inserting ‘‘Code of Federal Regulations’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) M
EDIUM -SIZED DONOR PORT .—The term ‘medium-sized donor port’ means a port— ‘‘(A) that is subject to the harbor mainte-nance fee under section 24.24 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regu-lation); ‘‘(B) at which the total amount of harbor maintenance taxes collected comprise annu-ally more than $5,000,000 but less than $15,000,000 of the total funding of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund established under section 9505 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(C) that received less than 25 percent of the total amount of harbor maintenance taxes collected at that port in the previous 5 fiscal years; and ‘‘(D) that is located in a State in which more than 2,000,000 cargo containers were un-loaded from or loaded onto vessels in fiscal year 2012.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘donor ports’’ and inserting ‘‘donor ports, medium- sized donor ports,’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) shall be made available to a port as ei-ther a donor port, medium-sized donor port, or an energy transfer port, and no port may receive amounts from more than 1 designa-tion; and ‘‘(C) for donor ports and medium-sized donor ports— ‘‘(i) 50 percent of the funds shall be equally divided between the eligible donor ports as authorized by this section; and ‘‘(ii) 50 percent of the funds shall be divided between the eligible donor ports and eligible medium-sized donor ports based on the per-centage of the total Harbor Maintenance Tax revenues generated at each eligible donor port and medium-sized donor port.’’; (3) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘donor port’’ and inserting ‘‘donor port, a medium- sized donor port,’’; (4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATION OF PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a donor port, a me-dium-sized donor port, or an energy transfer port elects to provide payments to importers or shippers under subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall transfer to the Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection the amount that would otherwise be provided to the port under this section that is equal to those pay-ments to provide the payments to the im-porters or shippers of the discretionary cargo that is— ‘‘(A) shipped through respective eligible ports; and ‘‘(B) most at risk of diversion to seaports outside of the United States. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary. in con-sultation with the eligible port, shall limit payments to top importers or shippers through an eligible port, as ranked by value of discretionary cargo.’’; and (5) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the total amounts made available from the Harbor Mainte-nance Trust Fund exceed the total amounts made available from the Harbor Mainte-nance Trust Fund in fiscal year 2012, there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund.’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) D
IVISION BETWEEN DONOR PORTS , ME-
DIUM -SIZED DONOR PORTS , AND ENERGY TRANS -
FER PORTS .—For each fiscal year, amounts made available to carry out this section shall be provided in equal amounts to— ‘‘(A) donor ports and medium-sized donor ports; and ‘‘(B) energy transfer ports.’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 2011. HARBOR DEEPENING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Reform and De-velopment Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1193)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘45 feet’’ and inserting ‘‘50 feet’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘45 feet’’ and inserting ‘‘50 feet’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF DEEP-DRAFT HARBOR .— Section 214(1) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2241(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘45 feet’’ and inserting ‘‘50 feet’’. 
SEC. 2012. OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE OF INLAND MISSISSIPPI RIVER PORTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) I
NLAND MISSISSIPPI RIVER .—The term ‘‘inland Mississippi River’’ means the por-tion of the Mississippi River that begins at the confluence of the Minnesota River and ends at the confluence of the Red River. (2) S
HALLOW DRAFT .—The term ‘‘shallow draft’’ means a project that has a depth of less than 14 feet. (b) D
REDGING ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall carry out dredging activities on shal-low draft ports located on the inland Mis-sissippi River to the respective authorized widths and depths of those inland ports, as authorized on the date of enactment of this Act. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For each fiscal year, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $25,000,000. 
SEC. 2013. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE. 
Section 2102 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1273) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016 the Sec-retary shall publish on the website of the Corps of Engineers guidance on the imple-mentation of this section and the amend-ments made by this section.’’. 
SEC. 2014. REMOTE AND SUBSISTENCE HARBORS. 
Section 2006 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2242) is amend-ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5612 September 13, 2016 
(1) in subsection (a)(3), by inserting ‘‘in which the project is located or of a commu-nity that is located in the region that is served by the project and that will rely on the project’’ after ‘‘community’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or of a community that is located in the region to be served by the project and that will rely on the project’’ after ‘‘community’’; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘local pop-ulation’’ and inserting ‘‘regional population to be served by the project’’; and (C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘commu-nity’’ and inserting ‘‘local community or to a community that is located in the region to be served by the project and that will rely on the project’’. 
SEC. 2015. NON-FEDERAL INTEREST DREDGING AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may per-mit a non-Federal interest to carry out, for an authorized navigation project (or a sepa-rable element of an authorized navigation project), such maintenance activities as are necessary to ensure that the project is main-tained to not less than the minimum project dimensions. (b) C
OSTLIMITATIONS .—Except as provided in this section and subject to the availability of appropriations, the costs incurred by a non-Federal interest in performing the main-tenance activities described in subsection (a) shall be eligible for reimbursement, not to exceed an amount that is equal to the esti-mated Federal cost for the performance of the maintenance activities. (c) A
GREEMENT .—Before initiating mainte-nance activities under this section, the non- Federal interest shall enter into an agree-ment with the Secretary that specifies, for the performance of the maintenance activi-ties, the terms and conditions that are ac-ceptable to the non-Federal interest and the Secretary. (d) P
ROVISION OF EQUIPMENT .—In carrying out maintenance activities under this sec-tion, a non-Federal interest shall— (1) provide equipment at no cost to the Federal Government; and (2) hold and save the United States free from any and all damage that arises from the use of the equipment of the non-Federal interest, except for damage due to the fault or negligence of a contractor of the Federal Government. (e) R
EIMBURSEMENT ELIGIBILITY LIMITA -
TIONS .—Costs that are eligible for reimburse-ment under this section are those costs di-rectly related to the costs associated with operation and maintenance of the dredge based on the lesser of the period of time for which— (1) the dredge is being used in the perform-ance of work for the Federal Government during a given fiscal year; and (2) the actual fiscal year Federal appro-priations identified for that portion of main-tenance dredging that are made available. (f) A
UDIT.—Not earlier than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary may conduct an audit on any mainte-nance activities for an authorized navigation project (or a separable element of an author-ized navigation project) carried out under this section to determine if permitting a non-Federal interest to carry out mainte-nance activities under this section has re-sulted in— (1) improved reliability and safety for navi-gation; and (2) cost savings to the Federal Govern-ment. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority of the Secretary under this section terminates on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 2016. TRANSPORTATION COST SAVINGS. 
Section 210(e)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(e)(3)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—For the first report following the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, in the report submitted under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall identify, to the maximum extent practicable, transpor-tation cost savings realized by achieving and maintaining the constructed width and depth for the harbors and inland harbors re-ferred to in subsection (a)(2), on a project-by- project basis.’’. 
SEC. 2017. DREDGED MATERIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding part 335 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary may place dredged material from the operation and maintenance of an author-ized Federal water resources project at an-other authorized water resource project if the Secretary determines that— (1) the placement of the dredged material would— (A)(i) enhance protection from flooding caused by storm surges or sea level rise; or (ii) significantly contribute to shoreline resiliency, including the resilience and res-toration of wetland; and (B) be in the public interest; and (2) the cost associated with the placement of the dredged material is reasonable in rela-tion to the associated environmental, flood protection, and resiliency benefits. (b) A
DDITIONAL COSTS.—If the cost of plac-ing the dredged material at another author-ized water resource project exceeds the cost of depositing the dredged material in accord-ance with the Federal standard (as defined in section 335.7 of title 33, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act)), the Secretary shall not require a non-Federal entity to bear any of the increased costs associated with the placement of the dredged material. 
SEC. 2018. GREAT LAKES NAVIGATION SYSTEM. 
Section 210(d)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘For each of fiscal years 2015 through 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘For each of fiscal years 2015 through 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 2019. HARBOR MAINTENANCE TRUST FUND. 
The Secretary shall allocate funding made available to the Secretary from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, established under section 9505 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in accordance with section 210 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238). TITLE III—SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 3001. REHABILITATION ASSISTANCE FOR NON-FEDERAL FLOOD CONTROL PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n), is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF NONSTRUCTURAL ALTER -
NATIVES .—In this subsection, ‘nonstructural alternatives’ includes efforts to restore or protect natural resources including streams, rivers, floodplains, wetlands, or coasts, if those efforts will reduce flood risk.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NCREASED LEVEL OF PROTECTION .—In conducting repair or restoration work under subsection (a), at the request of the non-Fed-eral sponsor, the Secretary may increase the level of protection above the level to which the system was designed, or, if the repair and rehabilitation includes repair or rehabilita-tion of a pumping station, will increase the capacity of a pump, if— ‘‘(1) the Chief of Engineers determines the improvements are in the public interest, in-cluding consideration of whether— ‘‘(A) the authority under this section has been used more than once at the same loca-tion; ‘‘(B) there is an opportunity to decrease significantly the risk of loss of life and prop-erty damage; or ‘‘(C) there is an opportunity to decrease total life cycle rehabilitation costs for the project; and ‘‘(2) the non-Federal sponsor agrees to pay the difference between the cost of repair, res-toration, or rehabilitation to the original de-sign level or original capacity and the cost of achieving the higher level of protection or capacity sought by the non-Federal sponsor. ‘‘(e) NOTICE .—The Secretary shall notify the non-Federal sponsor of the opportunity to request implementation of nonstructural alternatives to the repair or restoration of the flood control work under subsection (a).’’. (b) P
ROJECTS IN COORDINATION WITHCER-
TAIN REHABILITATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which the Secretary has completed a study deter-mining a project for flood damage reduction is feasible and such project is designed to protect the same geographic area as work to be performed under section 5(c) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n(c)), the Sec-retary may, if the Secretary determines that the action is in the public interest, carry out such project with the work being performed under section 5(c) of that Act, subject to the limitations in paragraph (2). (2) C
OST-SHARING .—The cost to carry out a project under paragraph (1) shall be shared in accordance with section 103 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2213). 
SEC. 3002. REHABILITATION OF EXISTING LEV-EES. 
Section 3017 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3303a note; Public Law 113–121) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘if the Secretary determines the necessary work is technically feasible, environmentally accept-able, and economically justified’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘This section’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—A measure carried out under subsection (a) shall be implemented in the same manner as the repair or restoration of a flood control work pursuant to section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n).’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The non-Federal’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwith-standing subsection (b)(2), the non-Federal’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $125,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 3003. MAINTENANCE OF HIGH RISK FLOOD CONTROL PROJECTS. 
In any case in which the Secretary has as-sumed, as of the date of enactment of this Act, responsibility for the maintenance of a project classified as class III under the Dam Safety Action Classification of the Corps of Engineers, the Secretary shall continue to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5613 September 13, 2016 
responsible for the maintenance until the earlier of the date that— (1) the project is modified to reduce that risk and the Secretary determines that the project is no longer classified as class III under the Dam Safety Action Classification of the Corps of Engineers; or (2) is 15 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3004. REHABILITATION OF HIGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), and (13) as para-graphs (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (11), (13), (14), (15), and (16), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE HIGH HAZARD POTENTIAL  
DAM.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible high hazard potential dam’ means a non-Federal dam that— ‘‘(i) is located in a State with a State dam safety program; ‘‘(ii) is classified as ‘high hazard potential’ by the State dam safety agency in the State in which the dam is located; ‘‘(iii) has an emergency action plan ap-proved by the relevant State dam safety agency; and ‘‘(iv) the State in which the dam is located determines— ‘‘(I) fails to meet minimum dam safety standards of the State; and ‘‘(II) poses an unacceptable risk to the pub-lic. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘eligible high hazard potential dam’ does not include— ‘‘(i) a licensed hydroelectric dam; or ‘‘(ii) a dam built under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture.’’; (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(10) N
ON-FEDERAL SPONSOR .—The term ‘non-Federal sponsor’, in the case of a project receiving assistance under section 8A, includes— ‘‘(A) a governmental organization; and ‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization.’’ and (4) by inserting after paragraph (11) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(12) R
EHABILITATION .—The term ‘rehabili-tation’ means the repair, replacement, re-construction, or removal of a dam that is carried out to meet applicable State dam safety and security standards.’’. (b) P
ROGRAM FOR REHABILITATION OF HIGH H
AZARD POTENTIAL DAMS.—The National Dam Safety Program Act is amended by in-serting after section 8 (33 U.S.C. 467f) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8A. REHABILITATION OF HIGH HAZARD PO-TENTIAL DAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Ad- ministrator shall establish, within FEMA, a program to provide technical, planning, de-sign, and construction assistance in the form of grants to non-Federal sponsors for reha-bilitation of eligible high hazard potential dams. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—A grant award-ed under this section for a project may be used for— ‘‘(1) repair; ‘‘(2) removal; or ‘‘(3) any other structural or nonstructural measures to rehabilitate a high hazard po-tential dam. ‘‘(c) A
WARD OF GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A non-Federal sponsor interested in receiving a grant under this section may submit to the Administrator an application for the grant. ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS .—An application sub-mitted to the Administrator under this sec-tion shall be submitted at such time, be in such form, and contain such information as the Administrator may prescribe by regula-tion pursuant to section 3004(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. ‘‘(2) G
RANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may make a grant in accordance with this section for rehabilitation of a high hazard potential dam to a non-Federal sponsor that submits an application for the grant in accordance with the regulations prescribed by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(B) P
ROJECT GRANT AGREEMENT .—The Ad- ministrator shall enter into a project grant agreement with the non-Federal sponsor to establish the terms of the grant and the project, including the amount of the grant. ‘‘(C) G
RANT ASSURANCE .—As part of a project grant agreement under subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall require the non- Federal sponsor to provide an assurance, with respect to the dam to be rehabilitated under the project, that the owner of the dam has developed and will carry out a plan for maintenance of the dam during the expected life of the dam. ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—A grant provided under this section shall not exceed the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 12.5 percent of the total amount of funds made available to carry out this sec-tion; or ‘‘(ii) $7,500,000. ‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL .—A grant awarded under this section for a project shall be approved by the relevant State dam safety agency. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL SPONSOR REQUIRE -
MENTS .—To receive a grant under this sec-tion, the non-Federal sponsor shall— ‘‘(A) participate in, and comply with, all applicable Federal flood insurance programs; ‘‘(B) have in place a hazard mitigation plan that— ‘‘(i) includes all dam risks; and ‘‘(ii) complies with the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–390; 114 Stat. 1552); ‘‘(C) commit to provide operation and maintenance of the project for the 50-year period following completion of rehabilita-tion; ‘‘(D) comply with such minimum eligi-bility requirements as the Administrator may establish to ensure that each owner and operator of a dam under a participating State dam safety program— ‘‘(i) acts in accordance with the State dam safety program; and ‘‘(ii) carries out activities relating to the public in the area around the dam in accord-ance with the hazard mitigation plan de-scribed in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(E) comply with section 611(j)(9) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5196(j)(9)) (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section) with respect to projects receiving assistance under this section in the same manner as recipients are required to comply in order to receive financial contributions from the Administrator for emergency pre-paredness purposes. ‘‘(e) F
LOODPLAIN MANAGEMENT PLANS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receipt of assistance under this section, the non- Federal entity shall demonstrate that a floodplain management plan to reduce the impacts of future flood events in the area protected by the project— ‘‘(A) is in place; or ‘‘(B) will be— ‘‘(i) developed not later than 1 year after the date of execution of a project agreement for assistance under this section; and ‘‘(ii) implemented not later than 1 year after the date of completion of construction of the project. ‘‘(2) INCLUSIONS .—A plan under paragraph (1) shall address— ‘‘(A) potential measures, practices, and policies to reduce loss of life, injuries, dam-age to property and facilities, public expend-itures, and other adverse impacts of flooding in the area protected by the project; ‘‘(B) plans for flood fighting and evacu-ation; and ‘‘(C) public education and awareness of flood risks. ‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL SUPPORT .—The Adminis-trator may provide technical support for the development and implementation of flood-plain management plans prepared under this subsection. ‘‘(f) P
RIORITY SYSTEM .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Board, shall develop a risk-based priority system for use in iden-tifying high hazard potential dams for which grants may be made under this section. ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any assistance provided under this section for a project shall be sub-ject to a non-Federal cost-sharing require-ment of not less than 35 percent. ‘‘(B) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Fed-eral share under subparagraph (A) may be provided in the form of in-kind contribu-tions. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—The total amount of funds made available to carry out this section for each fiscal year shall be dis-tributed as follows: ‘‘(A) E
QUAL DISTRIBUTION .—1⁄3shall be dis-tributed equally among the States in which the projects for which applications are sub-mitted under subsection (c)(1) are located. ‘‘(B) N
EED-BASED .—2⁄3shall be distributed among the States in which the projects for which applications are submitted under sub-section (c)(1) are located based on the pro-portion that— ‘‘(i) the number of eligible high hazard po-tential dams in the State; bears to ‘‘(ii) the number of eligible high hazard po-tential dams in all States in which projects for which applications are submitted under subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(h) U
SE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds pro-vided in the form of a grant or otherwise made available under this section shall be used— ‘‘(1) to rehabilitate a Federal dam; ‘‘(2) to perform routine operation or main-tenance of a dam; ‘‘(3) to modify a dam to produce hydro-electric power; ‘‘(4) to increase water supply storage ca-pacity; or ‘‘(5) to make any other modification to a dam that does not also improve the safety of the dam. ‘‘(i) C
ONTRACTUAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), as a condition on the receipt of a grant under this section of an amount greater than $1,000,000, a non-Federal sponsor that re-ceives the grant shall require that each con-tract and subcontract for program manage-ment, construction management, planning studies, feasibility studies, architectural services, preliminary engineering, design, engineering, surveying, mapping, and related services entered into using funds from the grant be awarded in the same manner as a contract for architectural and engineering services is awarded under— ‘‘(A) chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code; or ‘‘(B) an equivalent qualifications-based re-quirement prescribed by the relevant State. ‘‘(2) N
O PROPRIETARY INTEREST .—A contract awarded in accordance with paragraph (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5614 September 13, 2016 
shall not be considered to confer a propri-etary interest upon the United States. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 for fiscal years 2017 and 2018; ‘‘(2) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(4) $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2026.’’. (c) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) P
ROPOSED RULEMAKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall issue a no-tice of proposed rulemaking regarding appli-cations for grants of assistance under the amendments made by subsection (b) to the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467 et seq.). (2) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall promulgate a final rule regarding the amendments de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 3005. EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF AUTHOR-IZED PROJECTS FOR FLOOD DAM-AGE REDUCTION. 
The Secretary shall expedite the comple-tion of the following projects for flood dam-age reduction and flood risk management: (1) Chicagoland Underflow Plan, Illinois, phase 2, as authorized by section 3(a)(5) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–676; 102 Stat. 4013) and modified by section 319 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–303; 110 Stat. 3715) and section 501 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 334). (2) Cedar River, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as au-thorized by section 7002(2)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366). (3) Comite River, Louisiana, authorized as part of the project for flood control, Amite River and Tributaries, Louisiana, by section 101(11) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4802) and modified by section 301(b)(5) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–03; 110 Stat. 3709) and section 371 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 321). (4) Amite River and Tributaries, Louisiana, East Baton Rouge Parish Watershed, as au-thorized by section 101(a)(21) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 277) and modified by section 116 of division D of Public Law 108–7 (117 Stat. 140) and section 3074 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1124). 
SEC. 3006. CUMBERLAND RIVER BASIN DAM RE-PAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Costs incurred in car-rying out any repair to correct a seepage problem at any dam in the Cumberland River Basin shall be— (1) treated as costs for a dam safety project; and (2) subject to cost-sharing requirements in accordance with section 1203 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 467n). (b) A
PPLICATION .—Subsection (a) shall apply only to repairs for projects for which construction has not begun and appropria-tions have not been made as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3007. INDIAN DAM SAFETY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
AM.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘dam’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467). (B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘dam’’ includes any structure, facility, equipment, or vehicle used in connection with the operation of a dam. (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means, as ap-plicable— (A) the High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund established by subsection (b)(1)(A); or (B) the Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety De-ferred Maintenance Fund established by sub-section (b)(2)(A). (3) H
IGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAM .—The term ‘‘high hazard potential dam’’ means a dam assigned to the significant or high hazard po-tential classification under the guidelines published by the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency entitled ‘‘Federal Guide-lines for Dam Safety: Hazard Potential Clas-sification System for Dams’’ (FEMA Publi-cation Number 333). (4) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (5) L
OW HAZARD POTENTIAL DAM .—The term ‘‘low hazard potential dam’’ means a dam as-signed to the low hazard potential classifica-tion under the guidelines published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency en-titled ‘‘Federal Guidelines for Dam Safety: Hazard Potential Classification System for Dams’’ (FEMA Publication Number 333). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of the Army. (b) I
NDIAN DAMSAFETY DEFERRED MAINTE -
NANCE FUNDS .— (1) H
IGH-HAZARD FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund’’, consisting of— (i) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under subparagraph (B); and (ii) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under subparagraph (D). (B) D
EPOSITS TO FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall deposit in the Fund $22,750,000 from the general fund of the Treasury. (ii) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts deposited in the Fund under clause (i) shall be used, subject to appropriation, to carry out this section. (C) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, the Secretary may, to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts, expend from the Fund, in accordance with this section, not more than the sum of— (I) $22,750,000; and (II) the amount of interest accrued in the Fund. (ii) A
DDITIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The Sec- retary may expend more than $22,750,000 for any fiscal year referred to in clause (i) if the additional amounts are available in the Fund as a result of a failure of the Secretary to ex-pend all of the amounts available under clause (i) in 1 or more prior fiscal years. (D) I
NVESTMENTS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, required to meet current with-drawals. (ii) C
REDITS TO FUND .—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a part of, the Fund. (E) T
RANSFERS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this para-graph shall be transferred at least monthly. (ii) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates are in excess of or less than the amounts re-quired to be transferred. (F) T
ERMINATION .—On September 30, 2037— (i) the Fund shall terminate; and (ii) the unexpended and unobligated bal-ance of the Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury. (2) L
OW-HAZARD FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund’’, con-sisting of— (i) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under subparagraph (B); and (ii) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under subparagraph (D). (B) D
EPOSITS TO FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall deposit in the Fund $10,000,000 from the general fund of the Treasury. (ii) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts deposited in the Fund under clause (i) shall be used, subject to appropriation, to carry out this section. (C) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, the Secretary may, to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts, expend from the Fund, in accordance with this section, not more than the sum of— (I) $10,000,000; and (II) the amount of interest accrued in the Fund. (ii) A
DDITIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The Sec- retary may expend more than $10,000,000 for any fiscal year referred to in clause (i) if the additional amounts are available in the Fund as a result of a failure of the Secretary to ex-pend all of the amounts available under clause (i) in 1 or more prior fiscal years. (D) I
NVESTMENTS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, required to meet current with-drawals. (ii) C
REDITS TO FUND .—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a part of, the Fund. (E) T
RANSFERS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this para-graph shall be transferred at least monthly. (ii) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates are in excess of or less than the amounts re-quired to be transferred. (F) T
ERMINATION .—On September 30, 2037— (i) the Fund shall terminate; and (ii) the unexpended and unobligated bal-ance of the Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury. (c) R
EPAIR , R EPLACEMENT , AND MAINTE -
NANCE OF CERTAIN INDIAN DAMS.— (1) P
ROGRAM ESTABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program to address the deferred maintenance needs of Indian dams that— (i) create flood risks or other risks to pub-lic or employee safety or natural or cultural resources; and (ii) unduly impede the management and ef-ficiency of Indian dams. (B) F
UNDING .— (i) H
IGH-HAZARD FUND .—Consistent with subsection (b)(1)(B), the Secretary shall use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5615 September 13, 2016 
or transfer to the Bureau of Indian Affairs not less than $22,750,000 of amounts in the High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund, plus accrued interest, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037 to carry out maintenance, repair, and replacement activities for 1 or more of the Indian dams described in paragraph (2)(A). (ii) L
OW-HAZARD FUND .—Consistent with subsection (b)(2)(B), the Secretary shall use or transfer to the Bureau of Indian Affairs not less than $10,000,000 of amounts in the Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund, plus accrued interest, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037 to carry out maintenance, repair, and replacement activities for 1 or more of the Indian dams described in paragraph (2)(B). (C) C
OMPLIANCE WITH DAM SAFETY POLI -
CIES.—Maintenance, repair, and replacement activities for Indian dams under this section shall be carried out in accordance with the dam safety policies of the Director of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs established to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (2) E
LIGIBLE DAMS .— (A) H
IGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAMS .—The dams eligible for funding under paragraph (1)(B)(i) are Indian high hazard potential dams in the United States that— (i) are included in the safety of dams pro-gram established pursuant to the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); and (ii)(I)(aa) are owned by the Federal Gov-ernment, as listed in the Federal inventory required by Executive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; relating to Federal real property asset management); and (bb) are managed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (including dams managed under con-tracts or compacts pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.)); or (II) have deferred maintenance documented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (B) L
OW HAZARD POTENTIAL DAMS .—The dams eligible for funding under paragraph (1)(B)(ii) are Indian low hazard potential dams in the United States that, on the date of enactment of this Act— (i) are covered under the Indian Dams Safe-ty Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); and (ii)(I)(aa) are owned by the Federal Gov-ernment, as listed in the Federal inventory required by Executive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; relating to Federal real property asset management); and (bb) are managed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (including dams managed under con-tracts or compacts pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.)); or (II) have deferred maintenance documented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS AND CONDITIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act and as a precondition to amounts being expended from the Fund to carry out this subsection, the Secretary, in consultation with representatives of affected Indian tribes, shall develop and submit to Congress— (A) programmatic goals to carry out this subsection that— (i) would enable the completion of repair-ing, replacing, improving, or performing maintenance on Indian dams as expedi-tiously as practicable, subject to the dam safety policies of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs established to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); (ii) facilitate or improve the ability of the Bureau of Indian Affairs to carry out the mission of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in op-erating an Indian dam; and (iii) ensure that the results of government- to-government consultation required under paragraph (4) be addressed; and (B) funding prioritization criteria to serve as a methodology for distributing funds under this subsection that take into ac-count— (i) the extent to which deferred mainte-nance of Indian dams poses a threat to— (I) public or employee safety or health; (II) natural or cultural resources; or (III) the ability of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs to carry out the mission of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in operating an Indian dam; (ii) the extent to which repairing, replac-ing, improving, or performing maintenance on an Indian dam will— (I) improve public or employee safety, health, or accessibility; (II) assist in compliance with codes, stand-ards, laws, or other requirements; (III) address unmet needs; or (IV) assist in protecting natural or cul-tural resources; (iii) the methodology of the rehabilitation priority index of the Secretary, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; (iv) the potential economic benefits of the expenditures on job creation and general economic development in the affected tribal communities; (v) the ability of an Indian dam to address tribal, regional, and watershed level flood prevention needs; (vi) the need to comply with the dam safe-ty policies of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs established to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); (vii) the ability of the water storage capac-ity of an Indian dam to be increased to pre-vent flooding in downstream tribal and non-tribal communities; and (viii) such other factors as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to prioritize the use of available funds that are, to the fullest extent practicable, consistent with tribal and user recommendations received pursuant to the consultation and input proc-ess under paragraph (4). (4) TRIBAL CONSULTATION AND USER INPUT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), before expending funds on an Indian dam pursuant to paragraph (1) and not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (i) consult with the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs on the expenditure of funds; (ii) ensure that the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs advises the Indian tribe that has jurisdiction over the land on which a dam eligible to receive funding under para-graph (2) is located on the expenditure of funds; and (iii) solicit and consider the input, com-ments, and recommendations of the land-owners served by the Indian dam. (B) E
MERGENCIES .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an emergency circumstance ex-ists with respect to an Indian dam, subpara-graph (A) shall not apply with respect to that Indian dam. (5) A
LLOCATION AMONG DAMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), to the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure that, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, each Indian dam eli-gible for funding under paragraph (2) that has critical maintenance needs receives part of the funding under paragraph (1) to address critical maintenance needs. (B) P
RIORITY .—In allocating amounts under paragraph (1)(B), in addition to consid-ering the funding priorities described in paragraph (3), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to Indian dams eligible for funding under paragraph (2) that serve— (i) more than 1 Indian tribe within an In-dian reservation; or (ii) highly populated Indian communities, as determined by the Secretary. (C) CAP ON FUNDING .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), in allocating amounts under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall allocate not more than $10,000,000 to any individual dam described in paragraph (2) during any consecutive 3-year period. (ii) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the cap described in clause (i), if the full amount under paragraph (1)(B) cannot be fully allo-cated to eligible Indian dams because the costs of the remaining activities authorized in paragraph (1)(B) of an Indian dam would exceed the cap described in clause (i), the Secretary may allocate the remaining funds to eligible Indian dams in accordance with this subsection. (D) B
ASIS OF FUNDING .—Any amounts made available under this paragraph shall be non-reimbursable. (E) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA .—The Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) shall apply to activities carried out under this paragraph. (d) T
RIBAL SAFETY OF DAMSCOMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF COMMITTEE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the Interior shall establish within the Bureau of Indian Affairs the Tribal Safety of Dams Committee (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Committee’’). (B) M
EMBERSHIP .— (i) C
OMPOSITION .—The Committee shall be composed of 15 members, of whom— (I) 11 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among individuals who, to the maximum extent practicable, have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood prevention and mitigation, of whom not less than 1 shall be a member of an Indian tribe in each of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs regions of— (aa) the Northwest Region; (bb) the Pacific Region; (cc) the Western Region; (dd) the Navajo Region; (ee) the Southwest Region; (ff) the Rocky Mountain Region; (gg) the Great Plans Region; and (hh) the Midwest Region; (II) 2 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among employees of the Bureau of Indian Affairs who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood prevention and mitigation; (III) 1 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among employees of the Bureau of Reclamation who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood prevention and mitigation; and (IV) 1 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Army from among employees of the Corps of Engineers who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood pre-vention and mitigation. (ii) N
ONVOTING MEMBERS .—The members of the Committee appointed under subclauses (II) and (III) of clause (i) shall be nonvoting members. (iii) D
ATE.—The appointments of the mem-bers of the Committee shall be made as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act. (C) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the Com-mittee. (D) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-mittee shall not affect the powers of the Committee, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (E) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Committee have been appointed, the Committee shall hold the first meeting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5616 September 13, 2016 
(F) M EETINGS .—The Committee shall meet at the call of the Chairperson. (G) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. (H) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— The Committee shall select a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson from among the mem-bers. (2) D
UTIES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Committee shall conduct a thorough study of all matters relating to the modernization of the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Committee shall develop recommendations for legisla-tion to improve the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Committee holds the first meeting, the Committee shall submit a report containing a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Committee, together with recommendations for legisla-tion that the Committee considers appro-priate, to— (i) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (3) P
OWERS OF THE COMMITTEE .— (A) H
EARINGS .—The Committee may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Committee considers appropriate to carry out this paragraph. (B) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may se-cure directly from any Federal department or agency such information as the Com-mittee considers necessary to carry out this paragraph. (ii) R
EQUEST .—On request of the Chair-person of the Committee, the head of any Federal department or agency shall furnish information described in clause (i) to the Committee. (C) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Committee may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government. (D) G
IFTS.—The Committee may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property. (4) C
OMMITTEE PERSONNEL MATTERS .— (A) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (i) N
ON-FEDERAL MEMBERS .—Each member of the Committee who is not an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Com-mittee. (ii) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .—Each member of the Committee who is an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall serve with-out compensation in addition to that re-ceived for services as an officer or employee of the Federal Government. (B) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the Committee shall be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Com-mittee. (C) S
TAFF .— (i) I
N GENERAL .— (I) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Chairperson of the Committee may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be nec-essary to enable the Committee to perform the duties of the Committee. (II) CONFIRMATION .—The employment of an executive director shall be subject to con-firmation by the Committee. (ii) C
OMPENSATION .—The Chairperson of the Committee may fix the compensation of the executive director and other personnel with-out regard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, re-lating to classification of positions and Gen-eral Schedule pay rates, except that the rate of pay for the executive director and other personnel may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (D) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Committee without reim-bursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (E) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND  
INTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairperson of the Committee may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for indi-viduals that do not exceed the daily equiva-lent of the annual rate of basic pay pre-scribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (5) T
ERMINATION OF THE COMMITTEE .—The Committee shall terminate 90 days after the date on which the Committee submits the re-port under paragraph (2)(C). (6) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be expended from either Fund, $1,000,000 shall be made available from either Fund during fiscal year 2017 to carry out this subsection, to remain available until expended. (e) I
NDIAN DAMSURVEYS .— (1) T
RIBAL REPORTS .—The Secretary shall request that, not less frequently than once every 180 days, each Indian tribe submit to the Secretary a report providing an inven-tory of the dams located on the land of the Indian tribe. (2) BIA 
REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the condition of each dam under the partial or total juris-diction of the Secretary. (f) F
LOOD PLAIN MANAGEMENT PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish, within the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, a flood plain management pilot pro-gram (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘program’’) to provide, at the request of an Indian tribe, guidance to the Indian tribe re-lating to best practices for the mitigation and prevention of floods, including consulta-tion with the Indian tribe on— (A) flood plain mapping; or (B) new construction planning. (2) T
ERMINATION .—The program shall ter-minate on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be expended from either Fund, $250,000 shall be made available from either Fund during each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 to carry out this subsection, to remain avail-able until expended. TITLE IV—RIVER BASINS, WATERSHEDS, AND COASTAL AREAS 
SEC. 4001. GULF COAST OYSTER BED RECOVERY PLAN. 
(a) D EFINITION OF GULF STATES .—In this section, the term ‘‘Gulf States’’ means each of the States of Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas. (b) G
ULF COAST OYSTER BEDRECOVERY  P
LAN.—The Secretary, in coordination with the Gulf States, shall develop and implement a plan to assist in the recovery of oyster beds on the coast of Gulf States that were damaged by events including— (1) Hurricane Katrina in 2005; (2) the Deep Water Horizon oil spill in 2010; and (3) floods in 2011 and 2016. (c) INCLUSION .—The plan developed under subsection (b) shall address the beneficial use of dredged material in providing sub-strate for oyster bed development. (d) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee of Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives the plan developed under subsection (b). (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $2,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 4002. COLUMBIA RIVER, PLATTE RIVER, AND ARKANSAS RIVER. 
(a) E COSYSTEM RESTORATION .—Section 536(g) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2662; 128 Stat. 1314) is amended by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$75,000,000’’. (b) W
ATERCRAFT INSPECTION STATIONS .— Section 104 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (33 U.S.C. 610) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary, but not more than $65,000,000, to carry out this section for each fiscal year, of which— ‘‘(A) $20,000,000 shall be made available to carry out subsection (d)(1)(A)(i); and ‘‘(B) $25,000,000 shall be made available to carry out clauses (ii) and (iii) of subsection (d)(1)(A). ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION .—Any funds made avail-able under paragraph (1) that are employed for control operations shall be allocated by the Chief of Engineers on a priority basis, based on— ‘‘(A) the urgency and need of each area; and ‘‘(B) the availability of local funds.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT , OPERATION , AND MAIN -
TENANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary may establish, operate, and maintain watercraft inspection stations to protect— ‘‘(i) the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ii) the Platte River Basin located in the States of Colorado, Nebraska, and Wyoming; and ‘‘(iii) the Arkansas River Basin located in the States of Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas. ‘‘(B) L
OCATION .—The watercraft inspection stations under subparagraph (A) shall be lo-cated in areas, as determined by the Sec-retary, with the highest likelihood of pre-venting the spread of aquatic invasive spe-cies at reservoirs operated and maintained by the Secretary.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) the Governor of each State in which a station is established under paragraph (1);’’. (c) T
RIBAL HOUSING .— (1) D
EFINITION OF REPORT .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘report’’ means the final report for the Portland District, Corps of En-gineers, entitled ‘‘Columbia River Treaty Fishing Access Sites, Oregon and Wash-ington: Fact-finding Review on Tribal Hous-ing’’ and dated November 19, 2013. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5617 September 13, 2016 
(2) A SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—As replace-ment housing for Indian families displaced due to the construction of the Bonneville Dam, on the request of the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary may provide assist-ance on land transferred by the Department of the Army to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to title IV of Public Law 100– 581 (102 Stat. 2944; 110 Stat. 766; 110 Stat. 3762; 114 Stat. 2679; 118 Stat. 544) for the number of families estimated in the report as having received no relocation assistance. (3) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall— (A) conduct a study to determine the num-ber of Indian people displaced by the con-struction of the John Day Dam; and (B) identify a plan for suitable housing to replace housing lost to the construction of the John Day Dam. (d) C
OLUMBIA AND LOWER WILLAMETTE RIV-
ERSBELOW VANCOUVER , WASHINGTON AND OR-
EGON .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for navigation, Columbia and Lower Willamette Rivers below Vancouver, Wash-ington and Portland, Oregon, authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1177) to ad-dress safety risks. 
SEC. 4003. MISSOURI RIVER. 
(a) R ESERVOIR SEDIMENT MANAGEMENT .— (1) D
EFINITION OF SEDIMENT MANAGEMENT  
PLAN .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘sedi-ment management plan’’ means a plan for preventing sediment from reducing water storage capacity at a reservoir and increas-ing water storage capacity through sediment removal at a reservoir. (2) U
PPER MISSOURI RIVER BASIN PILOT PRO -
GRAM .—The Secretary shall carry out a pilot program for the development and implemen-tation of sediment management plans for reservoirs owned and operated by the Sec-retary in the Upper Missouri River Basin, on request by project beneficiaries. (3) P
LAN ELEMENTS .—A sediment manage-ment plan under paragraph (2) shall— (A) provide opportunities for project bene-ficiaries and other stakeholders to partici-pate in sediment management decisions; (B) evaluate the volume of sediment in a reservoir and impacts on storage capacity; (C) identify preliminary sediment manage-ment options, including sediment dikes and dredging; (D) identify constraints; (E) assess technical feasibility, economic justification, and environmental impacts; (F) identify beneficial uses for sediment; and (G) to the maximum extent practicable, use, develop, and demonstrate innovative, cost-saving technologies, including struc-tural and nonstructural technologies and de-signs, to manage sediment. (4) C
OST SHARE .—The beneficiaries request-ing the plan shall share in the cost of devel-opment and implementation of a sediment management plan allocated in accordance with the benefits to be received. (5) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept funds from non-Federal interests and other Federal agencies to develop and implement a sediment management plan under this subsection. (6) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall use the knowledge gained through the development and implementation of sediment manage-ment plans under paragraph (2) to develop guidance for sediment management at other reservoirs. (7) P
ARTNERSHIP WITH SECRETARY OF THE IN -
TERIOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program established under this subsection in partnership with the Secretary of the Interior, and the program may apply to reservoirs managed or owned by the Bu-reau of Reclamation on execution of a memorandum of agreement between the Sec-retary and the Secretary of the Interior es-tablishing the framework for a partnership and the terms and conditions for sharing ex-pertise and resources. (B) LEAD AGENCY .—The Secretary that has primary jurisdiction over the reservoir shall take the lead in developing and imple-menting a sediment management plan for that reservoir. (8) O
THER AUTHORITIES NOT AFFECTED .— Nothing in this subsection affects sediment management or the share of costs paid by Federal and non-Federal interests relating to sediment management under any other pro-vision of law (including regulations). (b) S
NOWPACK AND DROUGHT MONITORING .— Section 4003(a) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1311) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Corps of Engineers shall be the lead agency for carrying out and coordinating the activities described in para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 4004. PUGET SOUND NEARSHORE ECO-SYSTEM RESTORATION. 
Section 544(f) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2675) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’. 
SEC. 4005. ICE JAM PREVENTION AND MITIGA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out projects under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s), including planning, design, construction, and moni-toring of structural and nonstructural tech-nologies and measures for preventing and mitigating flood damages associated with ice jams. (b) I
NCLUSION .—The projects described in subsection (a) may include the development and demonstration of cost-effective tech-nologies and designs developed in consulta-tion with— (1) the Cold Regions Research and Engi-neering Laboratory of the Corps of Engi-neers; (2) universities; (3) Federal, State, and local agencies; and (4) private organizations. (c) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION .—In addition to the funding authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s), the Secretary is authorized to expend $30,000,000 to carry out pilot projects to demonstrate technologies and designs developed in ac-cordance with this section. (2) P
RIORITY .—In carrying out pilot projects under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to projects in the Upper Missouri River Basin. (3) S
UNSET .—The pilot program under this subsection shall terminate on December 31, 2026. 
SEC. 4006. CHESAPEAKE BAY OYSTER RESTORA-TION. 
Section 704(b)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2263(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$60,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$100,000,000’’. 
SEC. 4007. NORTH ATLANTIC COASTAL REGION. 
Section 4009 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1316) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects’’ and inserting ‘‘develop a comprehensive assessment and management plan at Federal expense’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking the sub-section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In carrying out the study’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) ASSESSMENT AND MANAGEMENT PLAN.— In developing the comprehensive assessment and management plan’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘identi-fied in the study pursuant to subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘identified in the comprehen-sive assessment and management plan under this section’’. 
SEC. 4008. RIO GRANDE. 
Section 5056(f) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1214; 128 Stat. 1315) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 4009. TEXAS COASTAL AREA. 
In carrying out the Coastal Texas eco-system protection and restoration study au-thorized by section 4091 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1187), the Secretary shall consider studies, data, or information devel-oped by the Gulf Coast Community Protec-tion and Recovery District to expedite com-pletion of the study. 
SEC. 4010. UPPER MISSISSIPPI AND ILLINOIS RIV-ERS FLOOD RISK MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study at Federal expense to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects to ad-dress systemic flood damage reduction in the upper Mississippi and Illinois River basins. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of the study under subsection (a) are— (1) to develop an integrated, comprehen-sive, and systems-based approach to mini-mize the threat to health and safety result-ing from flooding by using structural and nonstructural flood risk management meas-ures; (2) to reduce damages and costs associated with flooding; (3) to identify opportunities to support en-vironmental sustainability and restoration goals of the Upper Mississippi River and Illi-nois River floodplain as part of any systemic flood risk management plan; and (4) to seek opportunities to address, in con-cert with flood risk management measures, other floodplain specific problems, needs, and opportunities. (c) S
TUDY COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) as appropriate, coordinate with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, the Governors of the States within the Upper Mississippi and Illinois River basins, the ap-propriate levee and drainage districts, non-profit organizations, and other interested parties; (2) recommend projects for reconstruction of existing levee systems so as to develop and maintain a comprehensive system for flood risk reduction and floodplain manage-ment; (3) perform a systemic analysis of critical transportation systems to determine the fea-sibility of protecting river approaches for land-based systems, highways, and railroads; (4) develop a basin-wide hydrologic model for the Upper Mississippi River System and update as changes occur and new data is available; and (5) use, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, any existing plans and data. (d) B
ASIS FOR RECOMMENDATIONS .—In rec- ommending a project under subsection (c)(2), the Secretary may justify the project based on system-wide benefits. 
SEC. 4011. SALTON SEA, CALIFORNIA. 
Section 3032 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1113) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
PROGRAM ’’ after ‘‘ RESTORATION ’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ILOT PROJECTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5618 September 13, 2016 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; (ii) by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as redesignated) the following: ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall carry out a program to implement projects to restore the Salton Sea in accordance with this section.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (B) (as redesignated by clause (i)), by striking ‘‘the pilot’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C) (as redesignated by clause (i))— (I) in clause (i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘the pilot projects referred to in subparagraph (A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the projects referred to in subparagraph (B)’’; (II) in subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘, Salton Sea Authority, or other non-Federal inter-est’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (III) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘pilot’’; (C) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pilot’’; and (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘pilot’’ each place it ap-pears; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, Salton Sea Authority, or other non-Federal interest’’ after ‘‘State’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘pilot’’. 
SEC. 4012. ADJUSTMENT. 
Section 219(f)(25) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 113 Stat. 336) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘Berkeley’’ before ‘‘Cal-houn’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Orangeberg, and Sumter’’ and inserting ‘‘and Orangeberg’’. 
SEC. 4013. COASTAL RESILIENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4014(b) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2803a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Indian tribes,’’ after ‘‘nonprofit organizations,’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) give priority to projects in commu-nities the existence of which is threatened by rising sea level, including projects relat-ing to shoreline restoration, tidal marsh res-toration, dunal habitats to protect coastal infrastructure, reduction of future and exist-ing emergency repair costs, and projects that use dredged materials;’’. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION ON COASTAL  R
ESILIENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-vene an interagency working group on resil-ience to extreme weather, which will coordi-nate research, data, and Federal investments related to sea level rise, resiliency, and vul-nerability to extreme weather, including coastal resilience. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The interagency work-ing group convened under paragraph (1) shall— (A) participate in any activity carried out by an organization authorized by a State to study and issue recommendations on how to address the impacts on Federal assets of re-current flooding and sea level rise, including providing consultation regarding policies, programs, studies, plans, and best practices relating to recurrent flooding and sea level rise in areas with significant Federal assets; and (B) share physical, biological, and socio-economic data among such State organiza-tions, as appropriate. 
SEC. 4014. REGIONAL INTERGOVERNMENTAL COLLABORATION ON COASTAL RE-SILIENCE. 
(a) R EGIONAL ASSESSMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-duct regional assessments of coastal and back bay protection and of Federal and State policies and programs related to coastal water resources, including— (A) an assessment of the probability and the extent of coastal flooding and erosion, including back bay and estuarine flooding; (B) recommendations for policies and other measures related to regional Federal, State, local, and private participation in shoreline and back-bay protection projects; (C) an evaluation of the performance of ex-isting Federal coastal storm damage reduc-tion, ecosystem restoration, and navigation projects, including recommendations for the improvement of those projects; (D) an assessment of the value and impacts of implementation of regional, systems- based, watershed-based, and interstate ap-proaches if practicable; (E) recommendations for the demonstra-tion of methodologies for resilience through the use of natural and nature-based infra-structure approaches, as appropriate; and (F) recommendations regarding alternative sources of funding for new and existing projects. (2) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary shall cooperate with— (A) heads of appropriate Federal agencies; (B) States that have approved coastal man-agement programs and appropriate agencies of those States; (C) local governments; and (D) the private sector. (b) S
TREAMLINING .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall— (1) to the maximum extent practicable, use existing research done by Federal, State, re-gional, local, and private entities to elimi-nate redundancies and related costs; (2) receive from any of the entities de-scribed in subsection (a)(2)— (A) contributed funds; or (B) research that may be eligible for credit as work-in-kind under applicable Federal law; and (3) enable each District or combination of Districts of the Corps of Engineers that jointly participate in carrying out an assess-ment under this section to consider region-ally appropriate engineering, biological, eco-logical, social, economic, and other factors in carrying out the assessment. (c) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives all reports and rec-ommendations prepared under this section, together with any necessary supporting doc-umentation. 
SEC. 4015. SOUTH ATLANTIC COASTAL STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study of the coastal areas located within the geographical boundaries of the South Atlantic Division of the Corps of Engi-neers to identify the risks and vulnerabilities of those areas to increased hurricane and storm damage as a result of sea level rise. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive analysis of current hurricane and storm damage reduc-tion measures with an emphasis on regional sediment management practices to sustainably maintain or enhance current lev-els of storm protection; (2) identify risks and coastal vulnerabilities in the areas affected by sea level rise; (3) recommend measures to address the vulnerabilities described in paragraph (2); and (4) develop a long-term strategy for— (A) addressing increased hurricane and storm damages that result from rising sea levels; and (B) identifying opportunities to enhance resiliency, increase sustainability, and lower risks in— (i) populated areas; (ii) areas of concentrated economic devel-opment; and (iii) areas with vulnerable environmental resources. (c) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate, as appropriate, with the heads of other Federal departments and agencies, the Governors of the affected States, regional governmental agencies, and units of local government to address coastal impacts re-sulting from sea level rise. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report recommending specific and de-tailed actions to address risks and vulnerabilities of the areas described in sub-section (a) to increased hurricane and storm damage as a result of sea level rise. 
SEC. 4016. KANAWHA RIVER BASIN. 
The Secretary shall conduct studies to de-termine the feasibility of implementing projects for flood risk management, eco-system restoration, navigation, water sup-ply, recreation, and other water resource re-lated purposes within the Kanawha River Basin, West Virginia, Virginia, and North Carolina. 
SEC. 4017. CONSIDERATION OF FULL ARRAY OF MEASURES FOR COASTAL RISK RE-DUCTION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) N
ATURAL FEATURE .—The term ‘‘natural feature’’ means a feature that is created through the action of physical, geological, biological, and chemical processes over time. (2) N
ATURE -BASED FEATURE .—The term ‘‘na-ture-based feature’’ means a feature that is created by human design, engineering, and construction to protect, and in concert with, natural processes to provide risk reduction in coastal areas. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In developing projects for coastal risk reduction, the Secretary shall consider, as appropriate— (1) natural features; (2) nature-based features; (3) nonstructural measures; and (4) structural measures. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the implementa-tion of subsection (b). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: (A) A description of guidance or instruc-tions issued, and other measures taken, by the Secretary and the Chief of Engineers to implement subsection (b). (B) An assessment of the costs, benefits, impacts, and trade-offs associated with measures recommended by the Secretary for coastal risk reduction and the effectiveness of those measures. (C) A description of any statutory, fiscal, or regulatory barriers to the appropriate consideration and use of a full array of meas-ures for coastal risk reduction. 
SEC. 4018. WATERFRONT COMMUNITY REVITAL-IZATION AND RESILIENCY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5619 September 13, 2016 
(1) many communities in the United States were developed along waterfronts; (2) water proximity and access is a recog-nized economic driver; (3) water shortages faced by parts of the United States underscore the need to man-age water sustainably and restore water quality; (4) interest in waterfront revitalization and development has grown, while the cir-cumstances driving waterfront development have changed; (5) waterfront communities face challenges to revitalizing and leveraging water re-sources, such as outdated development pat-terns, deteriorated water infrastructure, in-dustrial contamination of soil and sediment, and lack of public access to the waterfront, which are often compounded by overarching economic distress in the community; (6) public investment in waterfront com-munity development and infrastructure should reflect changing ecosystem condi-tions and extreme weather projections to en-sure strategic, resilient investments; (7) individual communities have unique priorities, concerns, and opportunities re-lated to waterfront restoration and commu-nity revitalization; and (8) the Secretary of Commerce has unique expertise in Great Lakes and ocean coastal resiliency and economic development. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (2) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITY .— The term ‘‘resilient waterfront community’’ means a unit of local government or Indian tribe that is— (A)(i) bound in part by— (I) a Great Lake; or (II) an ocean; or (ii) bordered or traversed by a riverfront or an inland lake; (B) self-nominated as a resilient water-front community; and (C) designated by the Secretary as a resil-ient waterfront community on the basis of the development by the community of an eli-gible resilient waterfront community plan, with eligibility determined by the Secretary after considering the requirements of para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (c). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (c) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITIES  D
ESIGNATION .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall designate resilient waterfront communities based on the extent to which a community meets the criteria de-scribed in paragraph (2). (B) C
OLLABORATION .—For inland lake and riverfront communities, in making the des-ignation described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall work with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the heads of other Federal agencies, as the Secretary determines to be necessary. (2) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITY  
PLAN .—A resilient waterfront community plan is a community-driven vision and plan that is developed— (A) voluntarily at the discretion of the community— (i) to respond to local needs; or (ii) to take advantage of new water-ori-ented opportunities; (B) with the leadership of the relevant gov-ernmental entity or Indian tribe with the ac-tive participation of— (i) community residents; (ii) utilities; and (iii) interested business and nongovern-mental stakeholders; (C) as a new document or by amending or compiling community planning documents, as necessary, at the discretion of the Sec-retary; (D) in consideration of all applicable Fed-eral and State coastal zone management planning requirements; (E) to address economic competitive strengths; and (F) to complement and incorporate the ob-jectives and recommendations of applicable regional economic plans. (3) COMPONENTS OF A RESILIENT WATER -
FRONT COMMUNITY PLAN .—A resilient water-front community plan shall— (A) consider all, or a portion of, the water-front area and adjacent land and water to which the waterfront is connected eco-logically, economically, or through local governmental or tribal boundaries; (B) describe a vision and plan for the com-munity to develop as a vital and resilient waterfront community, integrating consider-ation of— (i) the economic opportunities resulting from water proximity and access, including— (I) water-dependent industries; (II) water-oriented commerce; and (III) recreation and tourism; (ii) the community relationship to the water, including— (I) quality of life; (II) public health; (III) community heritage; and (IV) public access, particularly in areas in which publicly funded ecosystem restoration is underway; (iii) ecosystem challenges and projections, including unresolved and emerging impacts to the health and safety of the waterfront and projections for extreme weather and water conditions; (iv) infrastructure needs and opportunities, to facilitate strategic and sustainable cap-ital investments in— (I) docks, piers, and harbor facilities; (II) protection against storm surges, waves, and flooding; (III) stormwater, sanitary sewer, and drinking water systems, including green in-frastructure and opportunities to control nonpoint source runoff; and (IV) other community facilities and pri-vate development; and (v) such other factors as are determined by the Secretary to align with metrics or indi-cators for resiliency, considering environ-mental and economic changes. (4) D
URATION .—After the designation of a community as a resilient waterfront commu-nity under paragraph (1), a resilient water-front community plan developed in accord-ance with paragraphs (2) and (3) may be— (A) effective for the 10-year period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary ap-proves the resilient waterfront community plan; and (B) updated by the resilient waterfront community and submitted to the Secretary for the approval of the Secretary before the expiration of the 10-year period. (d) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITIES  N
ETWORK .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop and maintain a resilient waterfront communities network to facilitate the shar-ing of best practices among waterfront com-munities. (2) P
UBLIC RECOGNITION .—In consultation with designated resilient waterfront commu-nities, the Secretary shall provide formal public recognition of the designated resilient waterfront communities to promote tourism, investment, or other benefits. (e) W
ATERFRONT COMMUNITY REVITALIZA -
TION ACTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To support a community in leveraging other sources of public and pri-vate investment, the Secretary may use ex-isting authority to support— (A) the development of a resilient water-front community plan, including planning and feasibility analysis; and (B) the implementation of strategic com-ponents of a resilient waterfront community plan after the resilient waterfront commu-nity plan has been approved by the Sec-retary. (2) NON-FEDERAL PARTNERS .— (A) L
EAD NON -FEDERAL PARTNERS .—A unit of local government or an Indian tribe shall be eligible to be considered as a lead non- Federal partner if the unit of local govern-ment or Indian tribe is— (i) bound in part by— (I) a Great Lake; or (II) an ocean; or (ii) bordered or traversed by a riverfront or an inland lake. (B) N
ON-FEDERAL IMPLEMENTATION PART -
NERS .—Subject to paragraph (4)(C), a lead non-Federal partner may contract with an eligible non-Federal implementation partner for implementation activities described in paragraph (4)(B). (3) P
LANNING ACTIVITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Technical assistance may be provided for the development of a resil-ient waterfront community plan. (B) E
LIGIBLE PLANNING ACTIVITIES .—In de- veloping a resilient waterfront community plan, a resilient waterfront community may— (i) conduct community visioning and out-reach; (ii) identify challenges and opportunities; (iii) develop strategies and solutions; (iv) prepare plan materials, including text, maps, design, and preliminary engineering; (v) collaborate across local agencies and work with regional, State, and Federal agen-cies to identify, understand, and develop re-sponses to changing ecosystem and economic circumstances; and (vi) conduct other planning activities that the Secretary considers necessary for the de-velopment of a resilient waterfront commu-nity plan that responds to revitalization and resiliency issues confronted by the resilient waterfront community. (4) I
MPLEMENTATION ACTIVITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Implementation assist-ance may be provided— (i) to initiate implementation of a resilient waterfront community plan and facilitate high-quality development, including leveraging local and private sector invest-ment; and (ii) to address strategic community prior-ities that are identified in the resilient wa-terfront community plan. (B) A
SSISTANCE .—Assistance may be pro-vided to advance implementation activities, such as— (i) site preparation; (ii) environmental review; (iii) engineering and design; (iv) acquiring easements or land for uses such as green infrastructure, public amen-ities, or assembling development sites; (v) updates to zoning codes; (vi) construction of— (I) public waterfront or boating amenities; and (II) public spaces; (vii) infrastructure upgrades to improve coastal resiliency; (viii) economic and community develop-ment marketing and outreach; and (ix) other activities at the discretion of the Secretary. (C) I
MPLEMENTATION PARTNERS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—To assist in the comple-tion of implementation activities, a lead 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5620 September 13, 2016 
non-Federal partner may contract or other-wise collaborate with a non-Federal imple-mentation partner, including— (I) a nonprofit organization; (II) a public utility; (III) a private entity; (IV) an institution of higher education; (V) a State government; or (VI) a regional organization. (ii) L
EAD NON -FEDERAL PARTNER RESPONSI -
BILITY .—The lead non-Federal partner shall ensure that assistance and resources re-ceived by the lead non-Federal partner to ad-vance the resilient waterfront community plan of the lead non-Federal partner and for related activities are used for the purposes of, and in a manner consistent with, any ini-tiative advanced by the Secretary for the purpose of promoting waterfront community revitalization and resiliency. (5) U
SE OF NON -FEDERAL RESOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A resilient waterfront community receiving assistance under this subsection shall provide non-Federal funds toward completion of planning or implemen-tation activities. (B) N
ON-FEDERAL RESOURCES .—Non-Federal funds may be provided by— (i) 1 or more units of local or tribal govern-ment; (ii) a State government; (iii) a nonprofit organization; (iv) a private entity; (v) a foundation; (vi) a public utility; or (vii) a regional organization. (f) I
NTERAGENCY AWARENESS .—At regular intervals, the Secretary shall provide a list of resilient waterfront communities to the applicable States and the heads of national and regional offices of interested Federal agencies, including at a minimum— (1) the Secretary of Transportation; (2) the Secretary of Agriculture; (3) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency; (4) the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency; (5) the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works; (6) the Secretary of the Interior; and (7) the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment. (g) N
ONEWREGULATORY AUTHORITY .— Nothing in this section may be construed as establishing new authority for any Federal agency. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. (i) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary to carry out this section $800,000, to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 4019. TABLE ROCK LAKE, ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary— (1) shall include a 60-day public comment period for the Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan revision; and (2) shall finalize the revision for the Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan during the 2-year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act. (b) S
HORELINE USEPERMITS .—During the period described in subsection (a)(2), the Sec-retary shall lift or suspend the moratorium on the issuance of new, and modifications to existing, shoreline use permits based on the existing Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan. (c) O
VERSIGHT COMMITTEE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish an oversight com-mittee (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Committee’’). (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Com-mittee shall be— (A) to review any permit to be issued under the existing Table Rock Lake Master Plan at the recommendation of the District Engi-neer; and (B) to advise the District Engineer on revi-sions to the new Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Man-agement Plan. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .—Membership in the Com-mittee shall not exceed 6 members and shall include— (A) not more than 1 representative each from the State of Missouri and the State of Arkansas; (B) not more than 1 representative each from local economic development organiza-tions with jurisdiction over Table Rock Lake; and (C) not more than 1 representative each representing the boating and conservation interests of Table Rock Lake. (4) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall— (A) carry out a study on the need to revise permit fees relating to Table Rock Lake to better reflect the cost of issuing those fees and achieve cost savings; (B) submit to Congress a report on the re-sults of the study described in subparagraph (A); and (C) begin implementation of the new per-mit fee structure based on the findings of the study described in subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 4020. PEARL RIVER BASIN, MISSISSIPPI. 
The Secretary shall expedite review and decision on the recommendation for the project for flood damage reduction author-ized by section 401(e)(3) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (100 Stat. 4132), as amended by section 3104 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1134), submitted to the Secretary under section 211 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Reform and De-velopment Act of 2014). TITLE V—DEAUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 5001. DEAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) V ALDEZ , ALASKA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the portions of the project for navigation, Valdez, Alaska, identified as Tract G, Harbor Subdivision, shall not be subject to naviga-tion servitude beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act. (2) E
NTRY BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—The Federal Government may enter on the prop-erty referred to in paragraph (1) to carry out any required operation and maintenance of the general navigation features of the project described in paragraph (1). (b) R
EDRIVER BELOW DENISON DAM, ARKAN -
SAS, LOUISIANA , AND TEXAS .—The portion of the project for flood protection on Red River Below Denison Dam, Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas, authorized by section 10 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (60 Stat. 647, chap-ter 596), consisting of the portion of the West Agurs Levee that begins at lat. 32 °32’50.86’’ N., by long. 93°46’16.82’’ W., and ends at lat. 32° 31’22.79’’ N., by long. 93° 45’ 2.47’’ W., is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (c) S
UTTER BASIN, CALIFORNIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The separable element constituting the locally preferred plan incre-ment reflected in the report of the Chief of Engineers dated March 12, 2014, and author-ized for construction under section 7002(2)(8) of the Water Resources Reform and Develop-ment Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366) is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) SAVINGS PROVISIONS .—The deauthoriza-tion under paragraph (1) does not affect— (A) the national economic development plan separable element reflected in the re-port of the Chief of Engineers dated March 12, 2014, and authorized for construction under section 7002(2)(8) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366); or (B) previous authorizations providing for the Sacramento River and major and minor tributaries project, including— (i) section 2 of the Act of March 1, 1917 (39 Stat. 949; chapter 144); (ii) section 12 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 900; chapter 665); (iii) section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 177; chapter 188); and (iv) any other Acts relating to the author-ization for the Sacramento River and major and minor tributaries project along the Feather River right bank between levee sta-tioning 1483+33 and levee stationing 2368+00. (d) S
TONINGTON HARBOR , CONNECTICUT .— The portion of the project for navigation, Stonington Harbor, Connecticut, authorized by the Act of May 23, 1828 (4 Stat. 288; chap-ter 73) that consists of the inner stone break-water that begins at coordinates N. 682,146.42, E. 1231,378.69, running north 83.587 degrees west 166.79’ to a point N. 682,165.05, E. 1,231,212.94, running north 69.209 degrees west 380.89’ to a point N. 682,300.25, E. 1,230,856.86, is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (e) G
REEN RIVER AND BARREN RIVER, KEN-
TUCKY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, commercial naviga-tion at the locks and dams identified in the report of the Chief of Engineers entitled ‘‘Green River Locks and Dams 3, 4, 5, and 6 and Barren River Lock and Dam 1, Ken-tucky’’ and dated April 30, 2015, shall no longer be authorized, and the land and im-provements associated with the locks and dams shall be— (A) disposed of consistent with paragraph (2); and (B) subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appropriate in the public interest. (2) D
ISPOSITION .— (A) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 3 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to the Rochester Dam Regional Water Commission all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Green River Lock and Dam 3, located in Ohio County and Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, together with any improvements on the land. (B) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 4 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to Butler County, Ken-tucky, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Green River Lock and Dam 4, located in Butler County, Ken-tucky, together with any improvements on the land. (C) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 5 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to the State of Ken-tucky, a political subdivision of the State of Kentucky, or a nonprofit, nongovernmental organization all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Green River Lock and Dam 5 for the express purposes of— (i) removing the structure from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (ii) making the land available for conserva-tion and public recreation, including river access. (D) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 6 .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall trans-fer to the Secretary of the Interior adminis-trative jurisdiction over the portion of Green 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5621 September 13, 2016 
River Lock and Dam 6, Edmonson County, Kentucky, that is located on the left de-scending bank of the Green River, together with any improvements on the land, for in-clusion in Mammoth Cave National Park. (ii) T
RANSFER TO THE STATE OF KENTUCKY .— The Secretary shall transfer to the State of Kentucky all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the portion of Green River Lock and Dam 6, Edmonson County, Kentucky, that is located on the right de-scending bank of the Green River, together with any improvements on the land, for use by the Department of Fish and Wildlife Re-sources of the State of Kentucky for the pur-poses of— (I) removing the structure from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (II) making the land available for con-servation and public recreation, including river access. (E) B
ARREN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 1 .—The Secretary shall convey to the State of Ken-tucky, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Barren River Lock and Dam 1, located in Warren County, Ken-tucky, together with any improvements on the land, for use by the Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources of the State of Ken-tucky for the purposes of— (i) removing the structure from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (ii) making the land available for conserva-tion and public recreation, including river access. (3) C
ONDITIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The exact acreage and legal description of any land to be disposed of, transferred, or conveyed under this sub-section shall be determined by a survey sat-isfactory to the Secretary. (B) Q
UITCLAIM DEED .—A conveyance under subparagraph (A), (B), (D), or (E) of para-graph (2) shall be accomplished by quitclaim deed and without consideration. (C) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary shall be responsible for all administrative costs associated with a transfer or convey-ance under this subsection, including the costs of a survey carried out under subpara-graph (A). (D) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the land transferred or conveyed under this subsection is not used by a non- Federal entity for a purpose that is con-sistent with the purpose of the transfer or conveyance, all right, title, and interest in and to the land, including any improvements on the land, shall revert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States, and the United States shall have the right of imme-diate entry onto the land. (f) E
SSEX RIVER, MASSACHUSETTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The portions of the project for navigation, Essex River, Massa-chusetts, authorized by the first section of the Act of July 13, 1892 (27 Stat. 96, chapter 158), and modified by the first section of the Act of March 3, 1899 (30 Stat. 1133, chapter 425), and the first section of the Act of March 2, 1907 (34 Stat. 1075, chapter 2509), that do not lie within the areas described in para-graph (2) are no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) A
REAS DESCRIBED .—The areas described in this paragraph are— (A) beginning at a point N. 3056139.82, E. 851780.21; (B) running southwesterly about 156.88 feet to a point N. 3055997.75, E. 851713.67; (C) running southwesterly about 64.59 feet to a point N. 3055959.37, E. 851661.72; (D) running southwesterly about 145.14 feet to a point N. 3055887.10, E. 851535.85; (E) running southwesterly about 204.91 feet to a point N. 3055855.12, E. 851333.45; (F) running northwesterly about 423.50 feet to a point N. 3055976.70, E. 850927.78; (G) running northwesterly about 58.77 feet to a point N. 3056002.99, E. 850875.21; (H) running northwesterly about 240.57 feet to a point N. 3056232.82, E. 850804.14; (I) running northwesterly about 203.60 feet to a point N. 3056435.41, E. 850783.93; (J) running northwesterly about 78.63 feet to a point N. 3056499.63, E. 850738.56; (K) running northwesterly about 60.00 feet to a point N. 3056526.30, E. 850684.81; (L) running southwesterly about 85.56 feet to a point N. 3056523.33, E. 850599.31; (M) running southwesterly about 36.20 feet to a point N. 3056512.37, E. 850564.81; (N) running southwesterly about 80.10 feet to a point N. 3056467.08, E. 850498.74; (O) running southwesterly about 169.05 feet to a point N. 3056334.36, E. 850394.03; (P) running northwesterly about 48.52 feet to a point N. 3056354.38, E. 850349.83; (Q) running northeasterly about 83.71 feet to a point N. 3056436.35, E. 850366.84; (R) running northeasterly about 212.38 feet to a point N. 3056548.70, E. 850547.07; (S) running northeasterly about 47.60 feet to a point N. 3056563.12, E. 850592.43; (T) running northeasterly about 101.16 feet to a point N. 3056566.62, E. 850693.53; (U) running southeasterly about 80.22 feet to a point N. 3056530.97, E. 850765.40; (V) running southeasterly about 99.29 feet to a point N. 3056449.88, E. 850822.69; (W) running southeasterly about 210.12 feet to a point N. 3056240.79, E. 850843.54; (X) running southeasterly about 219.46 feet to a point N. 3056031.13, E. 850908.38; (Y) running southeasterly about 38.23 feet to a point N. 3056014.02, E. 850942.57; (Z) running southeasterly about 410.93 feet to a point N. 3055896.06, E. 851336.21; (AA) running northeasterly about 188.43 feet to a point N. 3055925.46, E. 851522.33; (BB) running northeasterly about 135.47 feet to a point N. 3055992.91, E. 851639.80; (CC) running northeasterly about 52.15 feet to a point N. 3056023.90, E. 851681.75; and (DD) running northeasterly about 91.57 feet to a point N. 3056106.82, E. 851720.59. (g) HANNIBAL SMALL BOAT HARBOR , HAN-
NIBAL , MISSOURI .—The project for navigation at Hannibal Small Boat Harbor on the Mis-sissippi River, Hannibal, Missouri, author-ized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–516; 64 Stat. 166, chapter 188), is no longer authorized begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, and any maintenance requirements associ-ated with the project are terminated. (h) P
ORT OF CASCADE LOCKS, OREGON .— (1) T
ERMINATION OF PORTIONS OF EXISTING  
FLOWAGE EASEMENT .— (A) D
EFINITION OF FLOWAGE EASEMENT .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘flowage ease-ment’’ means the flowage easements identi-fied as tracts 302E-1 and 304E-1 on the ease-ment deeds recorded as instruments in Hood River County, Oregon, as follows: (i) A flowage easement dated October 3, 1936, recorded December 1, 1936, book 25 at page 531 (records of Hood River County, Or-egon), in favor of United States (302E-1-Per-petual Flowage Easement from October 5, 1937, October 5, 1936, and October 3, 1936) (pre-viously acquired as tracts OH-36 and OH-41 and a portion of tract OH-47). (ii) A flowage easement recorded October 17, 1936, book 25 at page 476 (records of Hood River County, Oregon), in favor of the United States, that affects that portion below the 94-foot contour line above main sea level (304 E-1-Perpetual Flowage Easement from Au-gust 10, 1937 and October 3, 1936) (previously acquired as tract OH-42 and a portion of tract OH-47). (B) T
ERMINATION .—With respect to the properties described in paragraph (2), begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the flowage easements are terminated above elevation 82.4 feet (NGVD29), the ordinary high water mark. (2) AFFECTED PROPERTIES .—The properties described in this paragraph, as recorded in Hood River, County, Oregon, are as follows: (A) Lots 3, 4, 5, and 7 of the ‘‘Port of Cas-cade Locks Business Park’’ subdivision, in-strument #2014-00436. (B) Parcels 1, 2, and 3 of Hood River County Partition plat No. 2008-25P. (3) F
EDERAL LIABILITIES ; CULTURAL , ENVI-
RONMENTAL , OTHER REGULATORY REVIEWS .— (A) F
EDERAL LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for any injury caused by the termination of the easement under this subsection. (B) C
ULTURAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL REGU -
LATORY ACTIONS .—Nothing in this subsection establishes any cultural or environmental regulation relating to the properties de-scribed in paragraph (2). (4) E
FFECT ON OTHER RIGHTS .—Nothing in this subsection affects any remaining right or interest of the Corps of Engineers in the properties described in paragraph (2). (i) D
ECLARATIONS OF NON-NAVIGABILITY FOR  P
ORTIONS OF THE DELAWARE RIVER, PHILA-
DELPHIA , PENNSYLVANIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), unless the Secretary determines, after consultation with local and regional public officials (including local and regional project planning organizations), that there are substantive objections, the following por-tions of the Delaware River, bounded by the former bulkhead and pierhead lines estab-lished by the Secretary of War and succes-sors, are declared to be non-navigable waters of the United States: (A) Piers 70 South through 38 South, en-compassing an area bounded by the southern line of Moore Street extended to the north-ern line of Catherine Street extended, in-cluding the following piers: Piers 70, 68, 67, 64, 61-63, 60, 57, 55, 46, 48, 40, and 38. (B) Piers 24 North through 72 North, en-compassing an area bounded by the southern line of Callowhill Street extended to the northern line of East Fletcher Street ex-tended, including the following piers: 24, 25, 27-35, 35.5, 36, 37, 38, 39, 49, 51-52, 53-57, 58-65, 66, 67, 69, 70-72, and Rivercenter. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall make the determination under paragraph (1) separately for each portion of the Delaware River described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), using reasonable discretion, by not later than 150 days after the date of submission of appropriate plans for that por-tion. (3) L
IMITS ON APPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) applies only to those parts of the areas described in that paragraph that are or will be bulk-headed and filled or otherwise occupied by permanent structures, including marina and recreation facilities. (B) O
THER FEDERAL LAWS .—Any work de-scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be subject to all applicable Federal law (including regu-lations), including— (i) sections 9 and 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (commonly known as the ‘‘River and Harbors Appropriation Act of 1899’’) (33 U.S.C. 401, 403); (ii) section 404 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344); and (iii) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (j) S
ALTCREEK , GRAHAM , TEXAS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The project for flood con-trol, environmental restoration, and recre-ation, Salt Creek, Graham, Texas, author-ized by section 101(a)(30) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 278-279), is no longer author-ized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5622 September 13, 2016 
(2) C ERTAIN PROJECT -RELATED CLAIMS .—The non-Federal sponsor for the project described in paragraph (1) shall hold and save the United States harmless from any claim that has arisen, or that may arise, in connection with the project. (3) T
RANSFER .—The Secretary is authorized to transfer any land acquired by the Federal Government for the project on behalf of the non-Federal sponsor that remains in Federal ownership on or after the date of enactment of this Act to the non-Federal sponsor. (4) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the land that is integral to the project described in paragraph (1) ceases to be owned by the public, all right, title, and interest in and to the land and improve-ments shall revert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States. 
SEC. 5002. CONVEYANCES. 
(a) P EARL RIVER, M ISSISSIPPI AND LOU-
ISIANA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The project for naviga-tion, Pearl River, Mississippi and Louisiana, authorized by the first section of the Act of August 30, 1935 (49 Stat. 1033, chapter 831) and section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–789; 80 Stat. 1405), is no longer authorized as a Federal project begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
RANSFER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary is authorized to convey to a State or local interest, without consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (i) any land in which the Federal Govern-ment has a property interest for the project described in paragraph (1); and (ii) improvements to the land described in clause (i). (B) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR COSTS .—The trans-feree shall be responsible for the payment of all costs and administrative expenses associ-ated with any transfer carried out pursuant to subparagraph (A), including costs associ-ated with any land survey required to deter-mine the exact acreage and legal description of the land and improvements to be trans-ferred. (C) O
THER TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—A trans- fer under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and ap-propriate to protect the interests of the United States. (3) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the land and improvements con-veyed under paragraph (2) ceases to be owned by the public, all right, title, and interest in and to the land and improvements shall re-vert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States. (b) SARDIS LAKE, MISSISSIPPI .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-ized to convey to the lessee, at full fair mar-ket value, all right, title and interest of the United Sates in and to the property identi-fied in the leases numbered DACW38-1-15-7, DACW38-1-15-33, DACW38-1-15-34, and DACW38-1-15-38, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appropriate to protect the in-terests of the United States. (2) E
ASEMENT AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANT .— The conveyance under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) a restrictive covenant to require the approval of the Secretary for any substantial change in the use of the property; and (B) a flowage easement. (c) P
ENSACOLA DAM AND RESERVOIR , GRAND  R
IVER, OKLAHOMA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the Act of June 28, 1938 (52 Stat. 1215, chapter 795), as amended by section 3 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 645, chapter 377), and notwith-standing section 3 of the Act of July 31, 1946 (60 Stat. 744, chapter 710), the Secretary shall convey, by quitclaim deed and without con-sideration, to the Grand River Dam Author-ity, an agency of the State of Oklahoma, for flood control purposes, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to real property under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Secretary acquired in connection with the Pensacola Dam project, together with any improvements on the property. (2) F
LOOD CONTROL PURPOSES .—If any inter-est in the real property described in para-graph (1) ceases to be managed for flood con-trol or other public purposes and is conveyed to a non-public entity, the transferee, as part of the conveyance, shall pay to the United States the fair market value for the interest. (3) N
O EFFECT .—Nothing in this sub-section— (A) amends, modifies, or repeals any exist-ing authority vested in the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; or (B) amends, modifies, or repeals any au-thority of the Secretary or the Chief of Engi-neers pursuant to section 7 of the Act of De-cember 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 709). (d) J
OEPOOLLAKE, TEXAS .—The Secretary shall accept from the Trinity River Author-ity of Texas, if received by December 31, 2016, $31,233,401 as payment in full of amounts owed to the United States, including any ac-crued interest, for the approximately 61,747.1 acre-feet of water supply storage space in Joe Pool Lake, Texas (previously known as Lakeview Lake), for which payment has not commenced under Article 5.a (relating to project investment costs) of contract number DACW63–76–C–0106 as of the date of enact-ment of this Act. (e) WEBER BASIN PROJECT , UTAH.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior shall allow for the prepayment of repay-ment obligations under the repayment con-tract numbered 14-06-400-33 between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy District (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘‘District’’), dated December 12, 1952, and supplemented and amended on June 30, 1961, on April 15, 1966, on September 20, 1968, and on May 9, 1985, including any other amendments and all related applicable contracts to the repayment contract, pro-viding for repayment of Weber Basin Project construction costs allocated to irrigation and municipal and industrial purposes for which repayment is provided pursuant to the repayment contract under terms and condi-tions similar to the terms and conditions used in implementing the prepayment provi-sions in section 210 of the Central Utah Project Completion Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4624) for prepayment of Central Utah Project, Bonneville Unit repayment ob-ligations. (2) A
UTHORIZATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS .— The prepayment authorized under paragraph (1) — (A) shall result in the United States recov-ering the net present value of all repayment streams that would have been payable to the United States if this section was not in ef-fect; (B) may be provided in several install-ments; (C) may not be adjusted on the basis of the type of prepayment financing used by the District; and (D) shall be made in a manner that pro-vides that total repayment is made not later than September 30, 2026. TITLE VI—WATER RESOURCES INFRASTRUCTURE 
SEC. 6001. AUTHORIZATION OF FINAL FEASI-BILITY STUDIES. 
The following final feasibility studies for water resources development and conserva-tion and other purposes are authorized to be carried out by the Secretary substantially in accordance with the plan, and subject to the conditions, described in the respective re-ports designated in this section: (1) N
AVIGATION .— 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. TX Brazos Island Harbor November 3, 2014 Federal: $116,116,000 Non-Federal: $135,836,000 Total: $251,952,000 
2. LA Calcasieu Lock December 2, 2014 Federal: $16,700,000 Non-Federal: $0 Total: $16,700,000 
3. NH, ME Portsmouth Harbor and Piscataqua River February 8, 2015 Federal: $15,580,000 Non-Federal: $5,190,000 Total: $20,770,000 
4. KY Green River Locks and Dams 3, 4, 5, and 6 and Barren River Lock and Dam 1 Disposition April 30, 2015 Federal: $0 Non-Federal: $0 Total: $0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5623 September 13, 2016 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
5. FL Port Everglades June 25, 2015 Federal: $220,200,000 Non-Federal: $102,500,000 Total: $322,700,000 
6. AK Little Diomede August 10, 2015 Federal: $26,015,000 Non-Federal: $2,945,000 Total: $28,960,000 
7. SC Charleston Harbor September 8, 2015 Federal: $224,300,000 Non-Federal: $269,000,000 Total: $493,300,000 
8. AK Craig Harbor March 16, 2016 Federal: $29,062,000 Non-Federal: $3,255,000 Total: $32,317,000 
9. PA Upper Ohio River, Allegheny and Beaver Counties September 12, 2016 Federal: $1,324,235,500 Non-Federal: $1,324,235,500 Total: $2,648,471,000 
(2) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT .— 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. TX Leon Creek Watershed, San Anto-nio June 30, 2014 Federal: $18,314,000 Non-Federal: $9,861,000 Total: $28,175,000 
2. MO, KS Armourdale and Central Indus-trial District Levee Units, Mis-souri River and Tributaries at Kansas City January 27, 2015 Federal: $207,036,000 Non-Federal: $111,481,000 Total: $318,517,000 
3. KS City of Manhattan April 30, 2015 Federal: $15,440,100 Non-Federal: $8,313,900 Total: $23,754,000 
4. KS Upper Turkey Creek Basin December 22, 2015 Federal: $24,584,000 Non-Federal: $13,238,000 Total: $37,822,000 
5. NC Princeville February 23, 2016 Federal: $14,001,000 Non-Federal: $7,539,000 Total: $21,540,000 
6. CA West Sacramento April 26, 2016 Federal: $776,517,000 Non-Federal: $414,011,000 Total: $1,190,528,000 
7. CA American River Watershed Com-mon Features April 26, 2016 Federal: $876,478,000 Non-Federal: $689,272,000 Total: $1,565,750,000 
8. TN Mill Creek, Nashville October 15, 2015 Federal: $17,759,000 Non-Federal: $10,745,000 Total: $28,504,000 
(3) H URRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RISK RE -
DUCTION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5624 September 13, 2016 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Initial Costs and Estimated Renourish-ment Costs 
1. SC Edisto Beach, Colleton County September 5, 2014 Initial Federal: $13,733,850 Initial Non-Federal: $7,395,150 Initial Total: $21,129,000 Renourishment Federal: $16,371,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $16,371,000 Renourishment Total: $32,742,000 
2. FL Flagler County December 23, 2014 Initial Federal: $9,218,300 Initial Non-Federal: $4,963,700 Initial Total: $14,182,000 Renourishment Federal: $15,390,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $15,390,000 Renourishment Total: $30,780,000 
3. NC Bogue Banks, Carteret County December 23, 2014 Initial Federal: $24,263,000 Initial Non-Federal: $13,064,000 Initial Total: $37,327,000 Renourishment Federal: $114,728,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $114,728,000 Renourishment Total: $229,456,000 
4. NJ Hereford Inlet to Cape May Inlet, New Jersey Shoreline Protec-tion Project, Cape May County January 23, 2015 Initial Federal: $14,040,000 Initial Non-Federal: $7,560,000 Initial Total: $21,600,000 Renourishment Federal: $41,215,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $41,215,000 Renourishment Total: $82,430,000 
5. LA West Shore Lake Pontchartrain June 12, 2015 Federal: $466,760,000 Non-Federal: $251,330,000 Total: $718,090,000 
6. CA Encinitas-Solana Beach Coastal Storm Damage Reduction April 29, 2016 Initial Federal: $20,166,000 Initial Non-Federal: $10,858,000 Initial Total: $31,024,000 Renourishment Federal: $68,215,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $68,215,000 Renourishment Total: $136,430,000 
7. LA Southwest Coastal Louisiana July 29, 2016 Federal: $2,011,279,000 Non-Federal: $1,082,997,000 Total: $3,094,276,000 
(4) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT AND ENVIRON -
MENTAL RESTORATION .— 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. IL, WI Upper Des Plaines River and Trib-utaries June 8, 2015 Federal: $199,393,000 Non-Federal: $107,694,000 Total: $307,087,000 
2. CA South San Francisco Bay Shore-line December 18, 2015 Federal: $69,521,000 Non-Federal: $104,379,000 Total: $173,900,000 
(5) E NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5625 September 13, 2016 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. FL Central Everglades Planning Project, Comprehensive Ever-glades Restoration Plan, Cen-tral and Southern Florida Project December 23, 2014 Federal: $976,375,000 Non-Federal: $974,625,000 Total: $1,951,000,000 
2. OR Lower Willamette River Environ-mental Dredging December 14, 2015 Federal: $19,143,000 Non-Federal: $10,631,000 Total: $29,774,000 
3. WA Skokomish River December 14, 2015 Federal: $12,782,000 Non-Federal: $6,882,000 Total: $19,664,000 
4. CA LA River Ecosystem Restoration December 18, 2015 Federal: $375,773,000 Non-Federal: $980,835,000 Total: $1,356,608,000 
(6) S PECIAL RULE .—The portion of the Mill Creek Flood Risk Management project au-thorized by paragraph (2) that consists of measures within the Mill Creek Basin shall be carried out pursuant to section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s). SEC. 6002. AUTHORIZATION OF PROJECT MODI-FICATIONS RECOMMENDED BY THE SECRETARY. 
The following project modifications for water resources development and conserva-tion and other purposes are authorized to be carried out by the Secretary substantially in accordance with the recommendations of the Director of Civil Works, as specified in the reports referred to in this section: 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Director’s Report D. Updated Authorization Project Costs 
1. KS, MO Turkey Creek Basin November 4, 2015 Estimated Federal: $97,067,750 Estimated Non-Federal: $55,465,250 Total: $152,533,000 
2. MO Blue River Basin November 6, 2015 Estimated Federal: $34,860,000 Estimated Non-Federal: $11,620,000 Total: $46,480,000 
3. FL Picayune Strand March 9, 2016 Estimated Federal: $308,983,000 Estimated Non-Federal: $308,983,000 Total: $617,967,000 
4. KY Ohio River Shoreline March 11, 2016 Estimated Federal: $20,309,900 Estimated Non-Federal: $10,936,100 Total: $31,246,000 
5. TX Houston Ship Channel May 13, 2016 Estimated Federal: $381,032,000 Estimated Non-Federal: $127,178,000 Total: $508,210,000 
6. AZ Rio de Flag, Flagstaff June 22, 2016 Estimated Federal: $65,514,650 Estimated Non-Federal: $35,322,350 Total: $100,837,000 
7. MO Swope Park Industrial Area, Blue River April 21, 2016 Estimated Federal: $20,205,250 Estimated Non-Federal: $10,879,750 Total: $31,085,000 
SEC. 6003. AUTHORIZATION OF STUDY AND MODI-FICATION PROPOSALS SUBMITTED TO CONGRESS BY THE SECRETARY. 
(a) A RCTIC DEEPDRAFT PORTDEVELOPMENT  P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Section 2105 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2243) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 450b))’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 5304)) and a Native village, Regional Cor-poration, or Village Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) CONSIDERATION OF NATIONAL SECURITY  I
NTERESTS .—In carrying out a study of the feasibility of an Arctic deep draft port, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall consult with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of De-fense to identify national security benefits associated with an Arctic deep draft port; and ‘‘(2) if appropriate, as determined by the Secretary, may determine a port described in paragraph (1) is feasible based on the bene-fits described in that paragraph.’’. (b) O
UACHITA -BLACK RIVERS , ARKANSAS AND  L
OUISIANA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modi-fying the project for navigation, Ouachita- Black Rivers, authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960 (Public Law 86–645; 74 Stat. 481) to include bank stabiliza-tion and water supply as project purposes. (c) CACHE CREEK BASIN, CALIFORNIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-pare a general reevaluation report on the project for flood control, Cache Creek Basin, California, authorized by section 401(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–662; 100 Stat. 4112). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5626 September 13, 2016 
identify specific needed modifications to ex-isting project authorities— (A) to increase basin capacity; (B) to decrease the long-term maintenance; and (C) to provide opportunities for ecosystem benefits for the Sacramento River flood con-trol project. (d) C
OYOTE VALLEY DAM, CALIFORNIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out a project for flood damage reduction, environmental res-toration, and water supply by modifying the Coyote Valley Dam, California. (e) D
ELROSA DRAINAGE AREA, C ALI-
FORNIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects for flood control and eco-system restoration in the cities of San Bernardino and Highland, San Bernardino County, California. (f) M
ERCED COUNTY , CALIFORNIA .—The Sec- retary shall prepare a general reevaluation report on the project for flood control, Merced County streams project, California, authorized by section 10 of the Act of Decem-ber 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 900; chapter 665), to in-vestigate the flood risk management oppor-tunities and improve levee performance along Black Rascal Creek and Bear Creek. (g) M
ISSION -ZANJA DRAINAGE AREA, CALI-
FORNIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects for flood control and eco-system restoration in the cities of Redlands, Loma Linda, and San Bernardino, California, and unincorporated counties of San Bernardino County, California. (h) S
ANTA ANARIVER BASIN, CALIFORNIA .— The Secretary shall conduct a study to de-termine the feasibility of modifying the project for flood damage reduction by modi-fying the San Jacinto and Bautista Creek Improvement Project, part of the Santa Ana River Basin Project in Riverside County, California. (i) D
ELAWARE BAYCOASTLINE , DELAWARE  
AND NEWJERSEY -ROOSEVELT INLET -LEWES  B
EACH , DELAWARE .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for shoreline protec-tion and ecosystem restoration, Delaware Bay Coastline, Delaware and New Jersey- Roosevelt Inlet-Lewes Beach, Delaware, au-thorized by section 101(a)(13) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 276), to extend the au-thorized project limit from the current east-ward terminus to a distance of 8,000 feet east of the Roosevelt Inlet east jetty. (j) M
ISPILLION INLET , CONCH BAR, DELA-
WARE .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out a project for navigation and shoreline protec-tion at Mispillion Inlet and Conch Bar, Sus-sex County, Delaware. (k) D
AYTONA BEACH FLOOD PROTECTION , F
LORIDA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects for flood control in the city of Daytona Beach, Florida. (l) B
RUNSWICK HARBOR , GEORGIA .—The Sec- retary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for navigation, Brunswick Harbor, Georgia, au-thorized by section 101(a)(19) of the Water Resources and Development Act of 1999 (Pub-lic Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 277)— (1) to widen the existing bend in the Fed-eral navigation channel at the intersection of Cedar Hammock and Brunswick Point Cut Ranges; and (2) to extend the northwest side of the ex-isting South Brunswick River Turning Basin. (m) S
AVANNAH RIVER BELOW AUGUSTA , G
EORGIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modi-fying the project for navigation, Savannah River below Augusta, Georgia, authorized by the first section of the Act of July 3, 1930 (46 Stat. 924, chapter 847), to include aquatic ecosystem restoration, water supply, recre-ation, sediment management, and flood con-trol as project purposes. (n) DUBUQUE , IOWA.—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for flood protection, Dubuque, Iowa, authorized by section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1965 (Public Law 89– 298; 79 Stat. 1086), to increase the level of flood protection and reduce flood damages. (o) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER SHIPCHANNEL , GULF 
TOBATON ROUGE , LOUISIANA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasi-bility of modifying the project for naviga-tion, Mississippi River Ship Channel, Gulf to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, authorized by sec-tion 201(a) of the Harbor Development and Navigation Improvement Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–662; 100 Stat. 4090), to deepen the channel approaches and the associated area on the left descending bank of the Mis-sissippi River between mile 98.3 and mile 100.6 Above Head of Passes (AHP) to a depth equal to the Channel. (p) S
T. TAMMANY PARISH GOVERNMENT COM-
PREHENSIVE COASTAL MASTER PLAN, L OU-
ISIANA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects described in the St. Tammany Par-ish Comprehensive Coastal Master Plan for flood control, shoreline protection, and eco-system restoration in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana. (q) C
AYUGA INLET , ITHACA , NEWYORK.—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for flood protection, Great Lakes Basin, author-ized by section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1960 (Public Law 86–645; 74 Stat. 488) to in-clude sediment management as a project purpose on the Cayuga Inlet, Ithaca, New York. (r) C
HAUTAUQUA COUNTY , NEWYORK.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects for flood risk manage-ment, navigation, environmental dredging, and ecosystem restoration on the Cattaraugus, Silver Creek, and Chautauqua Lake tributaries in Chautauqua County, New York. (2) E
VALUATION OF POTENTIAL SOLUTIONS .— In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall evaluate potential solu-tions to flooding from all sources, including flooding that results from ice jams. (s) D
ELAWARE RIVER BASIN, NEWYORK, NEW J
ERSEY , P ENNSYLVANIA , D ELAWARE .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the operations of the projects for flood control, Delaware River Basin, New York, New Jersey, Penn-sylvania, and Delaware, authorized by sec-tion 10 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (60 Stat. 644, chapter 596), and section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1182), to enhance opportunities for ecosystem restoration and water supply. (t) C
INCINNATI , OHIO.— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall review the Central Riverfront Park Master Plan, dated December 1999, and the Ohio River-front Study, Cincinnati, Ohio, dated August 2002, to determine the feasibility of carrying out flood risk reduction, ecosystem restora-tion, and recreation components beyond the ecosystem restoration and recreation compo-nents that were undertaken pursuant to sec-tion 5116 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1238) as a second phase of that project. (2) A
UTHORIZATION .—The project authorized under section 5116 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1238) is modified to authorize the Secretary to undertake the additional flood risk reduction and ecosystem restoration components described in paragraph (1), at a total cost of $30,000,000, if the Secretary de-termines that the additional flood risk re-duction, ecosystem restoration, and recre-ation components, considered together, are feasible. (u) TULSA AND WEST TULSA , A RKANSAS  R
IVER, OKLAHOMA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the projects for flood risk man-agement, Tulsa and West Tulsa, Oklahoma, authorized by section 3 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 645; chapter 377). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ad-dress project deficiencies, uncertainties, and significant data gaps, including material, construction, and subsurface, which render the project at risk of overtopping, breaching, or system failure. (B) A
DDRESSING DEFICIENCIES .—In address-ing deficiencies under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall incorporate current design standards and efficiency improvements, in-cluding the replacement of mechanical and electrical components at pumping stations, if the incorporation does not significantly change the scope, function, or purpose of the project. (3) P
RIORITIZATION TO ADDRESS SIGNIFICANT  
RISKS .—In any case in which a levee or levee system (as defined in section 9002 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3301)) is classified as a Class I or II under the levee safety action classification tool developed by the Corps of Engineers, the Secretary shall expedite the project for budget consideration. (v) J
OHNSTOWN , PENNSYLVANIA .—The Sec- retary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for flood control, Johnstown, Pennsylvania, au-thorized by the Act of June 22, 1936 (49 Stat. 1570, chapter 688; 50 Stat. 880) (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1936’’), to include aquatic ecosystem restoration, recreation, sediment management, and in-crease the level of flood control. (w) C
HACON CREEK , T EXAS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law (includ-ing any resolution of a Committee of Con-gress), the study conducted by the Secretary described in the resolution adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives on May 21, 2003, relating to flood damage reduc-tion, environmental restoration and protec-tion, water conservation and supply, water quality, and related purposes in the Rio Grande Watershed below Falcon Dam, shall include the area above Falcon Dam. (x) C
ORPUS CHRISTI SHIPCHANNEL , TEXAS .— The Secretary shall conduct a study to de-termine the feasibility of modifying the project for navigation and ecosystem res-toration, Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Texas, authorized by section 1001(40) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1056), to de-velop and evaluate alternatives that address navigation problems directly affecting the Corpus Christi Ship Channel, La Quinta Channel, and La Quinta Channel Extension, including deepening the La Quinta Channel, 2 turning basins, and the wye at La Quinta Junction. (y) T
RINITY RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES , T
EXAS .— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall review the economic analysis of the Center for Economic Development and Research of the University of North Texas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5627 September 13, 2016 
entitled ‘‘Estimated Economic Benefits of the Modified Central City Project (Trinity River Vision) in Fort Worth, Texas’’ and dated November 2014. (2) A
UTHORIZATION .—The project for flood control and other purposes on the Trinity River and tributaries, Texas, authorized by the River and Harbor Act of 1965 (Public Law 89–298; 79 Stat. 1091), as modified by section 116 the Energy and Water Development Ap-propriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–447; 118 Stat. 2944), is further modified to author-ize the Secretary to carry out projects de-scribed in the recommended plan of the eco-nomic analysis described in paragraph (1), if the Secretary determines, based on the re-view referred to in paragraph (1), that— (A) the economic analysis and the process by which the economic analysis was devel-oped complies with Federal law (including regulations) applicable to economic analyses for water resources development projects; and (B) based on the economic analysis, the recommended plan in the supplement to the final environmental impact statement for the Central City Project, Upper Trinity River entitled ‘‘Final Supplemental No. 1’’ is economically justified. (3) L
IMITATION .—The Federal share of the cost of the recommended plan described in paragraph (2) shall not exceed $520,000,000, of which not more than $5,500,000 may be ex-pended to carry out recreation features of the project. (z) C
HINCOTEAGUE ISLAND , VIRGINIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects for ecosystem restoration and flood control, Chincoteague Island, Virginia, authorized by section 8 of Public Law 89–195 (16 U.S.C. 459f– 7) (commonly known as the ‘‘Assateague Is-land National Seashore Act’’) for— (1) assessing the current and future func-tion of the barrier island, inlet, and coastal bay system surrounding Chincoteague Is-land; (2) developing an array of options for re-source management; and (3) evaluating the feasibility and cost asso-ciated with sustainable protection and res-toration areas. (aa) B
URLEY CREEK WATERSHED , W ASH-
INGTON .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects for flood control and aquatic ecosystem restoration in the Burley Creek Watershed, Washington. 
SEC. 6004. EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF RE-PORTS. 
The Secretary shall expedite completion of the reports for the following projects, in ac-cordance with section 2045 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348), and, if the Secretary determines that a project is justified in the completed report, proceed directly to project preconstruction, engineering, and design in accordance with section 910 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2287): (1) The project for navigation, St. George Harbor, Alaska. (2) The project for flood risk management, Rahway River Basin, New Jersey. (3) The Hudson-Raritan Estuary Com-prehensive Restoration Project. (4) The project for navigation, Mobile Har-bor, Alabama. 
SEC. 6005. EXTENSION OF EXPEDITED CONSIDER-ATION IN SENATE. 
Section 7004(b)(4) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1374) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 6006. GAO STUDY ON CORPS OF ENGINEERS METHODOLOGY AND PERFORMANCE METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a study of the methodologies and performance metrics used by the Corps of Engineers to calculate ben-efit-to-cost ratios and evaluate construction projects. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—The study under sub-section (a) shall address— (1) whether and to what extent the current methodologies and performance metrics place small and rural geographic areas at a competitive disadvantage; (2) whether the value of property for which damage would be prevented as a result of a flood risk management project is the best measurement for the primary input in ben-efit-to-cost calculations for flood risk man-agement projects; (3) any recommendations for approaches to modify the metrics used to improve benefit- to-cost ratio results for small and rural geo-graphic areas; and (4) whether a reevaluation of existing ap-proaches and the primary criteria used to calculate the economic benefits of a Corps of Engineers construction project could provide greater construction project completion re-sults for small and rural geographic areas without putting a strain on the budget of the Corps of Engineers. 
SEC. 6007. INVENTORY ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete the assessment and inventory re-quired under section 6002(a) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1349). 
SEC. 6008. SAINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY MOD-ERNIZATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) G
REAT LAKES REGION .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes region’’ means the region comprised of the Great Lakes States. (2) G
REAT LAKES STATES .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes States’’ means each of the States of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and Wisconsin. (3) S
EAWAY .—The term ‘‘Seaway’’ means the Saint Lawrence Seaway. (b) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General, in cooperation with appropriate Federal, State, and local authorities, shall conduct a study to— (A) assess the condition of the Seaway; and (B) evaluate options available in the 21st century for modernizing the Seaway as a globally significant transportation corridor. (2) S
COPE OF STUDY .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall— (A) assess the condition of the Seaway and the capacity of the Seaway to drive com-merce and other economic activity in the Great Lakes region; (B) detail the importance of the Seaway to the functioning of the United States econ-omy, with an emphasis on the domestic man-ufacturing sector, including the domestic steel manufacturing industry; (C) evaluate options— (i) to modernize physical navigation infra-structure, facilities, and related assets not operated or maintained by the Secretary along the corridor of the Seaway, including an assessment of alternative means for the Great Lakes region to finance large-scale initiatives; (ii) to increase exports of domestically pro-duced goods and study the trade balance and regional economic impact of the possible in-crease in imports of agricultural products, steel, aggregates, and other goods commonly transported through the Seaway; (iii) increase economic activity and devel-opment in the Great Lakes region by advanc-ing the multimodal transportation and eco-nomic network in the region; (iv) ensure the competitiveness of the Sea-way as a transportation corridor in an in-creasingly integrated global transportation network; and (v) attract tourists to the Great Lakes re-gion by improving attractions and removing barriers to tourism and travel throughout the Seaway; and (D) evaluate the existing and potential fi-nancing authorities of the Seaway as com-pared to other Federal agencies and instru-mentalities with development responsibil-ities. (3) DEADLINE .—The Comptroller General shall complete the study under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable and not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (4) C
OORDINATION .—The Comptroller Gen-eral shall conduct the study under paragraph (1) with input from representatives of the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Cor-poration, the Economic Development Admin-istration, the Coast Guard, the Corps of En-gineers, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and State and local entities (including port authorities throughout the Seaway). (5) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the re-sults of the study under paragraph (1) not later than the earlier of— (A) the date that is 180 days after the date on which the study is completed; or (B) the date that is 30 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6009. YAZOO BASIN, MISSISSIPPI. 
The authority of the Secretary to carry out the project for flood damage reduction, bank stabilization, and sediment and erosion control known as the ‘‘Yazoo Basin, Mis-sissippi, Mississippi Delta Headwaters Project, MS’’, authorized by title I of Public Law 98–8 (97 Stat. 22), as amended, shall not be limited by language in reports accom-panying appropriations bills. TITLE VII—SAFE DRINKING WATER AND CLEAN WATER INFRASTRUCTURE 
SEC. 7001. DEFINITION OF ADMINISTRATOR. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. 
SEC. 7002. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON APPRO-PRIATIONS LEVELS AND FINDINGS ON ECONOMIC IMPACTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that Congress should provide robust funding for the State drinking water treatment revolving loan funds established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) and the State water pollution control revolving funds es-tablished under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.). (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds, based on an analysis sponsored by the Water Environ-ment Federation and the WateReuse Asso-ciation of the nationwide impact of State re-volving loan fund spending using the IMPLAN economic model developed by the Federal Government, that, in addition to the public health and environmental benefits, the Federal investment in safe drinking water and clean water provides the following benefits: (1) Generation of significant Federal tax revenue, as evidenced by the following: (A) Every dollar of a Federal capitalization grant returns $0.21 to the general fund of the Treasury in the form of Federal taxes and, when additional spending from the State re-volving loan funds is considered to be the re-sult of leveraging the Federal investment, every dollar of a Federal capitalization grant returns $0.93 in Federal tax revenue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5628 September 13, 2016 
(B) A combined $34,700,000,000 in capitaliza-tion grants for the clean water and state drinking water state revolving loan funds de-scribed in subsection (a) over a period of 5 years would generate $7,430,000,000 in Federal tax revenue and, when additional spending from the State revolving loan funds is con-sidered to be the result of leveraging the Federal investment, the Federal investment will result in $32,300,000,000 in Federal tax revenue during that 5-year period. (2) An increase in employment, as evi-denced by the following: (A) Every $1,000,000 in State revolving loan fund spending generates 16 
1⁄2jobs. (B) $34,700,000,000 in Federal capitalization grants for State revolving loan funds over a period of 5 years would result in 506,000 jobs. (3) An increase in economic output: (A) Every $1,000,000 in State revolving loan fund spending results in $2,950,000 in output for the economy of the United States. (B) $34,700,000,000 in Federal capitalization grants for State revolving loan funds over a period of 5 years will generate $102,700,000,000 in total economic output. Subtitle A—Drinking Water 
SEC. 7101. PRECONSTRUCTION WORK. 
Section 1452(a)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(a)(2)) is amend-ed— (1) by designating the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth sentences as subparagraphs (A), (B), (D), (E), and (F), respectively; (2) in subparagraph (B) (as designated by paragraph (1)) by striking ‘‘(not’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(including expenditures for planning, design, and associated preconstruction ac-tivities, including activities relating to the siting of the facility, but not’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) (as designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(C) S
ALE OF BONDS .—Funds may also be used by a public water system as a source of revenue (restricted solely to interest earn-ings of the applicable State loan fund) or se-curity for payment of the principal and in-terest on revenue or general obligation bonds issued by the State to provide matching funds under subsection (e), if the proceeds of the sale of the bonds will be deposited in the State loan fund.’’. 
SEC. 7102. PRIORITY SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1452(b)(3) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)(3)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (D); (2) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF RESTRUCTURING .—In this paragraph, the term ‘restructuring’ means changes in operations (including own-ership, cooperative partnerships, asset man-agement, consolidation, and alternative water supply). ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY SYSTEM .—An intended use plan shall provide, to the maximum extent practicable, that priority for the use of funds be given to projects that— ‘‘(i) address the most serious risk to human health; ‘‘(ii) are necessary to ensure compliance with this title (including requirements for filtration); ‘‘(iii) assist systems most in need on a per- household basis according to State afford-ability criteria; and ‘‘(iv) improve the sustainability of sys-tems. ‘‘(C) W
EIGHT GIVEN TO APPLICATIONS .—After determining project priorities under sub-paragraph (B), an intended use plan shall provide that the State shall give greater weight to an application for assistance by a community water system if the application includes such information as the State deter-mines to be necessary and contains— ‘‘(i) a description of utility management best practices undertaken by a treatment works applying for assistance, including— ‘‘(I) an inventory of assets, including any lead service lines, and a description of the condition of the assets; ‘‘(II) a schedule for replacement of assets; ‘‘(III) a financing plan that factors in all lifecycle costs indicating sources of revenue from ratepayers, grants, bonds, other loans, and other sources to meet the costs; and ‘‘(IV) a review of options for restructuring the public water system; ‘‘(ii) demonstration of consistency with State, regional, and municipal watershed plans; ‘‘(iii) a water conservation plan consistent with guidelines developed for those plans by the Administrator under section 1455(a); and ‘‘(iv) approaches to improve the sustain-ability of the system, including— ‘‘(I) water efficiency or conservation, in-cluding the rehabilitation or replacement of existing leaking pipes; ‘‘(II) use of reclaimed water; ‘‘(III) actions to increase energy efficiency; and ‘‘(IV) implementation of plans to protect source water identified in a source water as-sessment under section 1453.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)), by striking ‘‘periodically’’ and inserting ‘‘at least biennially’’. SEC. 7103. ADMINISTRATION OF STATE LOAN FUNDS. 
Section 1452(g)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(g)(2)) is amend-ed— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘up to 4 percent of the funds allotted to the State under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘, for each fiscal year, an amount that does not exceed the sum of the amount of any fees collected by the State for use in covering reasonable costs of administration of programs under this section, regardless of the source, and an amount equal to the greatest of $400,000, 
1⁄5 percent of the current valuation of the fund, or 4 percent of all grant awards to the fund under this section for the fiscal year,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘1419,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1993.’’ and inserting ‘‘1419.’’. 
SEC. 7104. OTHER AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
Section 1452(k) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(k)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and the implementation of plans to protect source water identified in a source water assess-ment under section 1453’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(E), by inserting after ‘‘wellhead protection programs’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and implement plans to protect source water identified in a source water as-sessment under section 1453’’. 
SEC. 7105. NEGOTIATION OF CONTRACTS. 
Section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) N
EGOTIATION OF CONTRACTS .—For com- munities with populations of more than 10,000 individuals, a contract to be carried out using funds directly made available by a capitalization grant under this section for program management, construction manage-ment, feasibility studies, preliminary engi-neering, design, engineering, surveying, mapping, or architectural or related services shall be negotiated in the same manner as— ‘‘(1) a contract for architectural and engi-neering services is negotiated under chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code; or ‘‘(2) an equivalent State qualifications- based requirement (as determined by the Governor of the State).’’. SEC. 7106. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL AND DIS-ADVANTAGED COMMUNITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part E of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1459A. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL AND DIS-ADVANTAGED COMMUNITIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF UNDERSERVED COMMU -
NITY.—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘underserved community’ means a local political subdivi-sion that, as determined by the Adminis-trator, has an inadequate drinking water or wastewater system. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘underserved community’ includes a local political sub-division that either, as determined by the Administrator— ‘‘(A) does not have household drinking water or wastewater services; or ‘‘(B) has a drinking water system that fails to meet health-based standards under this Act, including— ‘‘(i) a maximum contaminant level for a primary drinking water contaminant; ‘‘(ii) a treatment technique violation; and ‘‘(iii) an action level exceedance. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a program under which grants are provided to eligible entities for use in car-rying out projects and activities the primary purposes of which are to assist public water systems in meeting the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Projects and activities under paragraph (1) include— ‘‘(A) infrastructure investments necessary to comply with the requirements of this Act, ‘‘(B) assistance that directly and primarily benefits the disadvantaged community on a per-household basis, and ‘‘(C) programs to provide household water quality testing, including testing for unregu-lated contaminants. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An entity eligible to receive a grant under this section— ‘‘(1) is— ‘‘(A) a public water system as defined in section 1401; ‘‘(B) a system that is located in an area governed by an Indian Tribe (as defined in section 1401); or ‘‘(C) a State, on behalf of an underserved community; and ‘‘(2) serves a community that, under af-fordability criteria established by the State under section 1452(d)(3), is determined by the State— ‘‘(A) to be a disadvantaged community; ‘‘(B) to be a community that may become a disadvantaged community as a result of carrying out an eligible activity; or ‘‘(C) to serve a community with a popu-lation of less than 10,000 individuals that the Administrator determines does not have the capacity to incur debt sufficient to finance the project under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In prioritizing projects for implementation under this section, the Ad-ministrator shall give priority to systems that serve underserved communities. ‘‘(e) L
OCAL PARTICIPATION .—In prioritizing projects for implementation under this sec-tion, the Administrator shall consult with, and consider the priorities of, affected States, Indian Tribes, and local govern-ments. ‘‘(f) T
ECHNICAL , M ANAGERIAL , AND FINAN-
CIAL CAPABILITY .—The Administrator may provide assistance to increase the technical, managerial, and financial capability of an el-igible entity receiving a grant under this section if the Administrator determines that the eligible entity lacks appropriate tech-nical, managerial, and financial capability. ‘‘(g) C
OST SHARING .—Before carrying out any project under this section, the Adminis-trator shall enter into a binding agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5629 September 13, 2016 
with 1 or more non-Federal interests that shall require the non-Federal interests— ‘‘(1) to pay not less than 45 percent of the total costs of the project, which may include services, materials, supplies, or other in- kind contributions; ‘‘(2) to provide any land, easements, rights- of-way, and relocations necessary to carry out the project; and ‘‘(3) to pay 100 percent of any operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, and reha-bilitation costs associated with the project. ‘‘(h) W
AIVER .—The Administrator may waive the requirement to pay the non-Fed-eral share of the cost of carrying out an eli-gible activity using funds from a grant pro-vided under this section if the Administrator determines that an eligible entity is unable to pay, or would experience significant fi-nancial hardship if required to pay, the non- Federal share. ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $230,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(2) $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Administrator to provide grants to eligi-ble entities under section 1459A of the Safe Drinking Water Act (as added by subsection (a)), $20,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
SEC. 7107. REDUCING LEAD IN DRINKING WATER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part E of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) (as amended by section 7106) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1459B. REDUCING LEAD IN DRINKING WATER. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a community water system; ‘‘(B) a system located in an area governed by an Indian Tribe; ‘‘(C) a nontransient noncommunity water system; ‘‘(D) a qualified nonprofit organization, as determined by the Administrator; and ‘‘(E) a municipality or State, interstate, or intermunicipal agency. ‘‘(2) L
EAD REDUCTION PROJECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘lead reduc-tion project’ means a project or activity the primary purpose of which is to reduce the level of lead in water for human consump-tion by— ‘‘(i) replacement of publicly owned lead service lines; ‘‘(ii) testing, planning, or other relevant activities, as determined by the Adminis-trator, to identify and address conditions (including corrosion control) that contribute to increased lead levels in water for human consumption; ‘‘(iii) assistance to low-income home-owners to replace privately owned service lines, pipes, fittings, or fixtures that contain lead; and ‘‘(iv) education of consumers regarding measures to reduce exposure to lead from drinking water or other sources. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The term ‘lead reduction project’ does not include a partial lead serv-ice line replacement if, at the conclusion of the service line replacement, drinking water is delivered to a household through a pub-licly or privately owned portion of a lead service line. ‘‘(3) L
OW-INCOME .—The term ‘low-income’, with respect to an individual provided assist-ance under this section, has such meaning as may be given the term by the head of the municipality or State, interstate, or inter-municipal agency with jurisdiction over the area to which assistance is provided. ‘‘(4) MUNICIPALITY .—The term ‘munici-pality’ means— ‘‘(A) a city, town, borough, county, parish, district, association, or other public entity established by, or pursuant to, applicable State law; and ‘‘(B) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). ‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a grant program to provide assistance to eligible entities for lead reduc-tion projects in the United States. ‘‘(2) P
RECONDITION .—As a condition of re-ceipt of assistance under this section, before receiving the assistance the eligible entity shall take steps to identify— ‘‘(A) the source of lead in water for human consumption; and ‘‘(B) the means by which the proposed lead reduction project would reduce lead levels in the applicable water system. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY APPLICATION .—In providing grants under this subsection, the Adminis-trator shall give priority to an eligible enti-ty that— ‘‘(A) the Administrator determines, based on affordability criteria established by the State under section 1452(d)(3), to be a dis-advantaged community; and ‘‘(B) proposes to— ‘‘(i) carry out a lead reduction project at a public water system or nontransient non-community water system that has exceeded the lead action level established by the Ad-ministrator at any time during the 3-year period preceding the date of submission of the application of the eligible entity; ‘‘(ii) address lead levels in water for human consumption at a school, daycare, or other facility that primarily serves children or other vulnerable human subpopulation; or ‘‘(iii) address such priority criteria as the Administrator may establish, consistent with the goal of reducing lead levels of con-cern. ‘‘(4) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the non-Federal share of the total cost of a project funded by a grant under this sub-section shall be not less than 20 percent. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Administrator may re-duce or eliminate the non-Federal share under subparagraph (A) for reasons of afford-ability, as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(5) L
OW-INCOME ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an eligible entity may use a grant pro-vided under this subsection to provide assist-ance to low-income homeowners to carry out lead reduction projects. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The amount of a grant provided to a low-income homeowner under this paragraph shall not exceed the cost of replacement of the privately owned portion of the service line. ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION FOR LEAD SERV -
ICE LINE REPLACEMENT .—In carrying out lead service line replacement using a grant under this subsection, an eligible entity shall— ‘‘(A) notify customers of the replacement of any publicly owned portion of the lead service line; ‘‘(B) in the case of a homeowner who is not low-income, offer to replace the privately owned portion of the lead service line at the cost of replacement; ‘‘(C) in the case of a low-income home-owner, offer to replace the privately owned portion of the lead service line and any pipes, fitting, and fixtures that contain lead at a cost that is equal to the difference be-tween— ‘‘(i) the cost of replacement; and ‘‘(ii) the amount of low-income assistance available to the homeowner under paragraph (5); ‘‘(D) notify each customer that a planned replacement of any publicly owned portion of a lead service line that is funded by a grant made under this subsection will not be carried out unless the customer agrees to the simultaneous replacement of the privately owned portion of the lead service line; and ‘‘(E) demonstrate that the eligible entity has considered options for reducing lead in drinking water, including an evaluation of options for corrosion control. ‘‘(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Administrator to provide grants to eligi-ble entities under this section under section 1459B of the Safe Drinking Water Act (as added by subsection (a)), $20,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
SEC. 7108. REGIONAL LIAISONS FOR MINORITY, TRIBAL, AND LOW-INCOME COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall appoint not fewer than 1 employee in each regional office of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to serve as a liaison to minor-ity, tribal, and low-income communities in the relevant region. (b) P
UBLIC IDENTIFICATION .—The Adminis-trator shall identify each regional liaison se-lected under subsection (a) on the website of— (1) the relevant regional office of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency; and (2) the Office of Environmental Justice of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
SEC. 7109. NOTICE TO PERSONS SERVED. 
(a) E XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Section 1414(c) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Notice of any exceedance of a lead ac-tion level or any other prescribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412, including the concentrations of lead found in a monitoring activity.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (iii)— (I) by striking ‘‘Administrator or’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and, if applicable,’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘and the appropriate State and county health agencies’’ after ‘‘1413’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) E
XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Regulations issued under subparagraph (A) shall specify notification procedures for an exceedance of a lead action level or any other prescribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412.’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION OF THE PUBLIC RELATING  
TO LEAD .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Not later than 15 days after the date of an exceedance of a lead action level or any other prescribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412, the Administrator shall notify the public of the concentrations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5630 September 13, 2016 
of lead found in the monitoring activity con-ducted by the public water system if the pub-lic water system or the State does not notify the public of the concentrations of lead found in a monitoring activity. ‘‘(B) R
ESULTS OF LEAD MONITORING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may provide notice of any result of lead moni-toring conducted by a public water system to— ‘‘(I) any person that is served by the public water system; or ‘‘(II) the local or State health department of a locality or State in which the public water system is located. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM OF NOTICE .—The Administrator may provide the notice described in clause (i) by— ‘‘(I) press release; or ‘‘(II) other form of communication, includ-ing local media. ‘‘(C) P
RIVACY .—Notice to the public shall protect the privacy of individual customer information.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator, in collabora-tion with States and owners and operators of public water systems, shall establish a stra-tegic plan for how the Administrator, a State with primary enforcement responsi-bility, and the owners and operators of pub-lic water systems shall conduct targeted out-reach, education, technical assistance, and risk communication to populations affected by lead in a public water system.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1414(c) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(F)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (E)’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(B) (as redesignated by subsection (a)(3)), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(E)’’. 
SEC. 7110. ELECTRONIC REPORTING OF DRINK-ING WATER DATA. 
Section 1414 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) E
LECTRONIC REPORTING OF COMPLIANCE  M
ONITORING DATA.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require electronic submission of available compliance monitoring data, if practicable— ‘‘(A) by public water systems (or a certified laboratory on behalf of a public water sys-tem)— ‘‘(i) to the Administrator; or ‘‘(ii) with respect to a public water system in a State that has primary enforcement re-sponsibility under section 1413, to that State; and ‘‘(B) by each State that has primary en-forcement responsibility under section 1413 to the Administrator, as a condition on the receipt of funds under this Act. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining whether the requirement referred to in para-graph (1) is practicable, the Administrator shall consider— ‘‘(A) the ability of a public water system (or a certified laboratory on behalf of a pub-lic water system) or a State to meet the re-quirements of sections 3.1 through 3.2000 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(B) information system compatibility; ‘‘(C) the size of the public water system; and ‘‘(D) the size of the community served by the public water system.’’. SEC. 7111. LEAD TESTING IN SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE DRINKING WATER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1464 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–24) is amended by striking subsection (d) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(d) V
OLUNTARY SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE L
EADTESTING GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
HILD CARE PROGRAM .—The term ‘child care program’ has the meaning given the term ‘early childhood education pro-gram’ in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). ‘‘(B) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘local educational agency’ means— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); ‘‘(ii) a tribal education agency (as defined in section 3 of the National Environmental Education Act (20 U.S.C. 5502)); and ‘‘(iii) an operator of a child care program facility licensed under State law. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, the Admin-istrator shall establish a voluntary school and child care lead testing grant program to make grants available to States to assist local educational agencies in voluntary test-ing for lead contamination in drinking water at schools and child care programs under the jurisdiction of the local educational agen-cies. ‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—The Administrator may make grants directly available to local educational agen-cies for the voluntary testing described in subparagraph (A) in— ‘‘(i) any State that does not participate in the voluntary school and child care lead testing grant program established under that subparagraph; and ‘‘(ii) any direct implementation area. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, a State or local educational agency shall submit to the Administrator an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Administrator may require. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Not more than 4 percent of grant funds accepted under this subsection shall be used to pay the administrative costs of carrying out this subsection. ‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE ; PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—As a condition of receiving a grant under this sub-section, the State or local educational agen-cy shall ensure that each local educational agency to which grant funds are distributed shall— ‘‘(A) expend grant funds in accordance with— ‘‘(i) the guidance of the Environmental Protection Agency entitled ‘3Ts for Reducing Lead in Drinking Water in Schools: Revised Technical Guidance’ and dated October 2006 (or any successor guidance); or ‘‘(ii) applicable State regulations or guid-ance regarding reducing lead in drinking water in schools and child care programs that is not less stringent than the guidance referred to in clause (i); and ‘‘(B)(i) make available in the administra-tive offices, and to the maximum extent practicable, on the Internet website, of the local educational agency for inspection by the public (including teachers, other school personnel, and parents) a copy of the results of any voluntary testing for lead contamina-tion in school and child care program drink-ing water that is carried out with grant funds under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) notify parent, teacher, and employee organizations of the availability of the re-sults described in clause (i). ‘‘(6) MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—If resources are available to a State or local educational agency from any other Federal agency, a State, or a private foundation for testing for lead contamination in drinking water, the State or local educational agency shall dem-onstrate that the funds provided under this subsection will not displace those resources. ‘‘(7) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—Section 1465 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–25) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 7112. WATERSENSE PROGRAM. 
The Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is amended by adding after Part F the following: ‘‘PART G—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 1471. WATERSENSE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF WATER SENSE PRO-
GRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established within the Agency a voluntary WaterSense program to identify and promote water-effi-cient products, buildings, landscapes, facili-ties, processes, and services that, through voluntary labeling of, or other forms of com-munications regarding, products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services while meeting strict performance criteria, sensibly— ‘‘(A) reduce water use; ‘‘(B) reduce the strain on public and com-munity water systems and wastewater and stormwater infrastructure; ‘‘(C) conserve energy used to pump, heat, transport, and treat water; and ‘‘(D) preserve water resources for future generations. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Administrator shall, consistent with this section, identify water- efficient products, buildings, landscapes, fa-cilities, processes, and services, including categories such as— ‘‘(A) irrigation technologies and services; ‘‘(B) point-of-use water treatment devices; ‘‘(C) plumbing products; ‘‘(D) reuse and recycling technologies; ‘‘(E) landscaping and gardening products, including moisture control or water enhanc-ing technologies; ‘‘(F) xeriscaping and other landscape con-versions that reduce water use; ‘‘(G) whole house humidifiers; and ‘‘(H) water-efficient buildings or facilities. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Administrator, coordi-nating as appropriate with the Secretary of Energy, shall— ‘‘(1) establish— ‘‘(A) a WaterSense label to be used for items meeting the certification criteria es-tablished in accordance with this section; and ‘‘(B) the procedure, including the methods and means, and criteria by which an item may be certified to display the WaterSense label; ‘‘(2) enhance public awareness regarding the WaterSense label through outreach, edu-cation, and other means; ‘‘(3) preserve the integrity of the WaterSense label by— ‘‘(A) establishing and maintaining feasible performance criteria so that products, build-ings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services labeled with the WaterSense label perform as well or better than less water-ef-ficient counterparts; ‘‘(B) overseeing WaterSense certifications made by third parties; ‘‘(C) as determined appropriate by the Ad-ministrator, using testing protocols, from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5631 September 13, 2016 
the appropriate, applicable, and relevant consensus standards, for the purpose of de-termining standards compliance; and ‘‘(D) auditing the use of the WaterSense label in the marketplace and preventing cases of misuse; and ‘‘(4) not more than 6 years after adoption or major revision of any WaterSense speci-fication, review and, if appropriate, revise the specification to achieve additional water savings; ‘‘(5) in revising a WaterSense specifica-tion— ‘‘(A) provide reasonable notice to inter-ested parties and the public of any changes, including effective dates, and an explanation of the changes; ‘‘(B) solicit comments from interested par-ties and the public prior to any changes; ‘‘(C) as appropriate, respond to comments submitted by interested parties and the pub-lic; and ‘‘(D) provide an appropriate transition time prior to the applicable effective date of any changes, taking into account the timing necessary for the manufacture, marketing, training, and distribution of the specific water-efficient product, building, landscape, process, or service category being addressed; and ‘‘(6) not later than December 31, 2018, con-sider for review and revision any WaterSense specification adopted before January 1, 2012. ‘‘(c) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable and not less than annually, regularly esti-mate and make available to the public the production and relative market shares and savings of water, energy, and capital costs of water, wastewater, and stormwater attrib-utable to the use of WaterSense-labeled products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services. ‘‘(d) D
ISTINCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—In set- ting or maintaining specifications for En-ergy Star pursuant to section 324A of the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a), and WaterSense under this section, the Secretary of Energy and Administrator shall coordinate to prevent duplicative or conflicting requirements among the respec-tive programs. ‘‘(e) N
OWARRANTY .—A WaterSense label shall not create an express or implied war-ranty.’’. 
SEC. 7113. WATER SUPPLY COST SAVINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the United States is facing a drinking water infrastructure funding crisis; (2) the Environmental Protection Agency projects a shortfall of approximately $384,000,000,000 in funding for drinking water infrastructure from 2015 to 2035 and this funding challenge is particularly acute in rural communities in the United States; (3) there are approximately 52,000 commu-nity water systems in the United States, of which nearly 42,000 are small community water systems; (4) the Drinking Water Needs Survey con-ducted by the Environmental Protection Agency in 2011 placed the shortfall in drink-ing water infrastructure funding for small communities, which consist of 3,300 or fewer persons, at $64,500,000,000; (5) small communities often cannot finance the construction and maintenance of drink-ing water systems because the cost per resi-dent for the investment would be prohibi-tively expensive; (6) drought conditions have placed signifi-cant strains on existing surface water sup-plies; (7) many communities across the United States are considering the use of ground-water and community well systems to pro-vide drinking water; and (8) approximately 42,000,000 people in the United States receive drinking water from individual wells and millions more rely on community well systems for drinking water. (b) SENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that providing rural commu-nities with the knowledge and resources nec-essary to fully use alternative drinking water systems, including wells and commu-nity well systems, can provide safe and af-fordable drinking water to millions of people in the United States. (c) D
RINKING WATER TECHNOLOGY CLEAR -
INGHOUSE .—The Administrator and the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall— (1) update existing programs of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and the De-partment of Agriculture designed to provide drinking water technical assistance to in-clude information on cost-effective, innova-tive, and alternative drinking water delivery systems, including systems that are sup-ported by wells; and (2) disseminate information on the cost ef-fectiveness of alternative drinking water de-livery systems, including wells and well sys-tems, to communities and not-for-profit or-ganizations seeking Federal funding for drinking water systems serving 500 or fewer persons. (d) W
ATER SYSTEM ASSESSMENT .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, in any application for a grant or loan from the Fed-eral Government or a State that is using Federal assistance for a drinking water sys-tem serving 500 or fewer persons, a unit of local government or not-for-profit organiza-tion shall self-certify that the unit of local government or organization has considered, as an alternative drinking water supply, drinking water delivery systems sourced by publicly owned— (1) individual wells; (2) shared wells; and (3) community wells. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator and the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to Congress a re-port that describes— (1) the use of innovative and alternative drinking water systems described in this sec-tion; (2) the range of cost savings for commu-nities using innovative and alternative drinking water systems described in this sec-tion; and (3) the use of drinking water technical as-sistance programs operated by the Adminis-trator and the Secretary of Agriculture. 
SEC. 7114. SMALL SYSTEM TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 1452(q) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(q)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘appropriated’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2003’’ and inserting ‘‘made avail-able for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 7115. DEFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE. 
Section 1401(14) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300(f)(14)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1452’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 1452, 1459A, and 1459B’’. 
SEC. 7116. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR TRIBAL WATER SYSTEMS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1442(e)(7) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–1(e)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘Tribes’’ and inserting ‘‘tribes, including grants to provide training and operator cer-tification services under section 1452(i)(5)’’. (b) I
NDIAN TRIBES .—Section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(i)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Tribes and Alaska Native vil-lages’’ and inserting ‘‘tribes, Alaska Native villages, and, for the purpose of carrying out paragraph (5), intertribal consortia or tribal organizations’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) TRAINING AND OPERATOR CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may use funds made available under this sub-section and section 1442(e)(7) to make grants to intertribal consortia or tribal organiza-tions for the purpose of providing operations and maintenance training and operator cer-tification services to Indian tribes. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—An intertribal consortium or tribal organization eligible for a grant under subparagraph (A) is an intertribal consortium or tribal organiza-tion that— ‘‘(i) is the most qualified to provide train-ing and technical assistance to Indian tribes; and ‘‘(ii) Indian tribes determine to be the most beneficial and effective.’’. 
SEC. 7117. REQUIREMENT FOR THE USE OF AMERICAN MATERIALS. 
Section 1452(a) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(a)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENT FOR THE USE OF AMER -
ICAN MATERIALS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF IRON AND STEEL PROD -
UCTS.—In this paragraph, the term ‘iron and steel products’ means the following products made, in part, of iron or steel: ‘‘(i) Lined or unlined pipe and fittings. ‘‘(ii) Manhole covers and other municipal castings. ‘‘(iii) Hydrants. ‘‘(iv) Tanks. ‘‘(v) Flanges. ‘‘(vi) Pipe clamps and restraints. ‘‘(vii) Valves. ‘‘(viii) Structural steel. ‘‘(ix) Reinforced precast concrete. ‘‘(x) Construction materials. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), funds made available by a State loan fund authorized under this sec-tion may not be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or re-pair of a public water system unless all the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator finds that— ‘‘(i) applying subparagraph (B) would be in-consistent with the public interest; ‘‘(ii) iron and steel products are not pro-duced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a sat-isfactory quality; or ‘‘(iii) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall product by more than 25 percent. ‘‘(D) P
UBLIC NOTICE ; WRITTEN JUSTIFICA -
TION.— ‘‘(i) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this paragraph, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(I) make available to the public on an in-formal basis, including on the public website of the Administrator— ‘‘(aa) a copy of the request; and ‘‘(bb) any information available to the Ad-ministrator regarding the request; and ‘‘(II) provide notice of, and opportunity for informal public comment on, the request for a period of not less than 15 days before mak-ing a finding under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) W
RITTEN JUSTIFICATION .—If, after the period provided under clause (i), the Admin-istrator makes a finding under subparagraph (C), the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a written justification as to why subparagraph (B) is being waived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5632 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(E) A PPLICATION .—This paragraph shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. ‘‘(F) M
ANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT .—The Administrator may use not more than 0.25 percent of any funds made available to carry out this title for management and oversight of the requirements of this paragraph.’’. Subtitle B—Clean Water 
SEC. 7201. SEWER OVERFLOW CONTROL GRANTS. 
Section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking the sub-section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘subject to subsection (g), the Administrator may’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator may— ‘‘(1) make grants to States for the purpose of providing grants to a municipality or mu-nicipal entity for planning, designing, and constructing— ‘‘(A) treatment works to intercept, trans-port, control, or treat municipal combined sewer overflows and sanitary sewer over-flows; and ‘‘(B) measures to manage, reduce, treat, or recapture stormwater or subsurface drainage water; and ‘‘(2) subject to subsection (g),’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2); (3) by striking subsections (e) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), a project that receives grant assistance under subsection (a) shall be carried out sub-ject to the same requirements as a project that receives assistance from a State water pollution control revolving fund established pursuant to title VI. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF GOVERNOR .—The re- quirement described in paragraph (1) shall not apply to a project that receives grant as-sistance under subsection (a) to the extent that the Governor of the State in which the project is located determines that a require-ment described in title VI is inconsistent with the purposes of this section. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, to remain available until expended— ‘‘(1) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(4) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(5) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(g) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) F
ISCAL YEAR 2017 AND 2018 .—For each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, subject to sub-section (h), the Administrator shall use the amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants to municipalities and municipal entities under subsection (a)(2)— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the priority cri-teria described in subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) with additional priority given to pro-posed projects that involve the use of— ‘‘(i) nonstructural, low-impact develop-ment; ‘‘(ii) water conservation, efficiency, or reuse; or ‘‘(iii) other decentralized stormwater or wastewater approaches to minimize flows into the sewer systems. ‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 AND THEREAFTER .— For fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, subject to subsection (h), the Ad-ministrator shall use the amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants to States under subsection (a)(1) in accordance with a formula that— ‘‘(A) shall be established by the Adminis-trator, after providing notice and an oppor-tunity for public comment; and ‘‘(B) allocates to each State a proportional share of the amounts based on the total needs of the State for municipal combined sewer overflow controls and sanitary sewer overflow controls, as identified in the most recent survey— ‘‘(i) conducted under section 210; and ‘‘(ii) included in a report required under section 516(b)(1)(B).’’; and (4) by striking subsection (i). SEC. 7202. SMALL AND MEDIUM TREATMENT WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1281 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 222. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL AND MEDIUM TREATMENT WORKS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) M
EDIUM TREATMENT WORKS .—The term ‘medium treatment works’ means a publicly owned treatment works serving not fewer than 10,001 and not more than 100,000 individ-uals. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED NONPROFIT MEDIUM TREAT -
MENT WORKS TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PRO -
VIDER .—The term ‘qualified nonprofit me-dium treatment works technical assistance provider’ means a qualified nonprofit tech-nical assistance provider of water and waste-water services to medium-sized communities that provides technical assistance (including circuit rider technical assistance programs, multi-State, regional assistance programs, and training and preliminary engineering evaluations) to owners and operators of me-dium treatment works, which may include State agencies. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED NONPROFIT SMALL TREAT -
MENT WORKS TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PRO -
VIDER .—The term ‘qualified nonprofit small treatment works technical assistance pro-vider’ means a nonprofit organization that, as determined by the Administrator— ‘‘(A) is the most qualified and experienced in providing training and technical assist-ance to small treatment works; and ‘‘(B) the small treatment works in the State finds to be the most beneficial and ef-fective. ‘‘(4) S
MALL TREATMENT WORKS .—The term ‘small treatment works’ means a publicly owned treatment works serving not more than 10,000 individuals. ‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Adminis-trator may use amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants or cooperative agreements to qualified non-profit small treatment works technical as-sistance providers and grants or cooperative agreements to qualified nonprofit medium treatment works technical assistance pro-viders to provide to owners and operators of small and medium treatment works onsite technical assistance, circuit-rider technical assistance programs, multi-State, regional technical assistance programs, and onsite and regional training, to assist the treat-ment works in achieving compliance with this Act or obtaining financing under this Act for eligible projects. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) for grants for small treatment works technical assistance, $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021; and ‘‘(2) for grants for medium treatment works technical assistance, $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) WATER POLLUTION CONTROL REVOLVING  L
OANFUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 603 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1383) is amended— (A) in subsection (d)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and as provided in subsection (e)’’ after ‘‘State law’’; (ii) by redesignating subsections (e) through (i) as subsections (f) through (j), re-spectively; and (iii) by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL USE OF FUNDS .—A State may use an additional 2 percent of the funds annually allotted to the State under this section for qualified nonprofit small treat-ment works technical assistance providers and qualified nonprofit medium treatment works technical assistance providers (as those terms are defined in section 222) to provide technical assistance to small treat-ment works and medium treatment works (as those terms are defined in section 222) in the State.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 221(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 603(h)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 603(i)’’. 
SEC. 7203. INTEGRATED PLANS. 
(a) I NTEGRATED PLANS .—Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) I
NTEGRATED PLANPERMITS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) G
REEN INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘green infrastructure’ means the range of measures that use plant or soil systems, per-meable pavement or other permeable sur-faces or substrates, stormwater harvest and reuse, or landscaping to store, infiltrate, or evapotranspirate stormwater and reduce flows to sewer systems or to surface waters. ‘‘(B) I
NTEGRATED PLAN .—The term ‘inte-grated plan’ has the meaning given in Part III of the Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Wastewater Planning Approach Frame-work, issued by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and dated June 5, 2012. ‘‘(C) M
UNICIPAL DISCHARGE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘municipal dis-charge’ means a discharge from a treatment works (as defined in section 212) or a dis-charge from a municipal storm sewer under subsection(p). ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘municipal dis-charge’ includes a discharge of wastewater or storm water collected from multiple munici-palities if the discharge is covered by the same permit issued under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NTEGRATED PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator (or a State, in the case of a permit program ap-proved under subsection (b)) shall inform a municipal permittee or multiple municipal permittees of the opportunity to develop an integrated plan. ‘‘(B) S
COPE OF PERMIT INCORPORATING INTE -
GRATED PLAN .—A permit issued under this subsection that incorporates an integrated plan may integrate all requirements under this Act addressed in the integrated plan, in-cluding requirements relating to— ‘‘(i) a combined sewer overflow; ‘‘(ii) a capacity, management, operation, and maintenance program for sanitary sewer collection systems; ‘‘(iii) a municipal stormwater discharge; ‘‘(iv) a municipal wastewater discharge; and ‘‘(v) a water quality-based effluent limita-tion to implement an applicable wasteload allocation in a total maximum daily load. ‘‘(3) C
OMPLIANCE SCHEDULES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5633 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A permit for a munic-ipal discharge by a municipality that incor-porates an integrated plan may include a schedule of compliance, under which actions taken to meet any applicable water quality- based effluent limitation may be imple-mented over more than 1 permit term if the compliance schedules are authorized by State water quality standards. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—Actions subject to a com-pliance schedule under subparagraph (A) may include green infrastructure if imple-mented as part of a water quality-based ef-fluent limitation. ‘‘(C) R
EVIEW .—A schedule of compliance may be reviewed each time the permit is re-newed. ‘‘(4) E
XISTING AUTHORITIES RETAINED .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE STANDARDS .—Nothing in this subsection modifies any obligation to comply with applicable technology and water quality-based effluent limitations under this Act. ‘‘(B) F
LEXIBILITY .—Nothing in this sub-section reduces or eliminates any flexibility available under this Act, including the au-thority of— ‘‘(i) a State to revise a water quality standard after a use attainability analysis under section 131.10(g) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection), subject to the approval of the Administrator under sec-tion 303(c); and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator or a State to au-thorize a schedule of compliance that ex-tends beyond the date of expiration of a per-mit term if the schedule of compliance meets the requirements of section 122.47 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection). ‘‘(5) C
LARIFICATION OF STATE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in section 301(b)(1)(C) precludes a State from author-izing in the water quality standards of the State the issuance of a schedule of compli-ance to meet water quality-based effluent limitations in permits that incorporate pro-visions of an integrated plan. ‘‘(B) T
RANSITION RULE .—In any case in which a discharge is subject to a judicial order or consent decree as of the date of en-actment of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2016 resolving an enforcement action under this Act, any schedule of com-pliance issued pursuant to an authorization in a State water quality standard shall not revise or otherwise affect a schedule of com-pliance in that order or decree unless the order or decree is modified by agreement of the parties and the court.’’. (b) M
UNICIPAL OMBUDSMAN .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Office of the Administrator an Of-fice of the Municipal Ombudsman. (2) G
ENERAL DUTIES .—The duties of the mu-nicipal ombudsman shall include the provi-sion of— (A) technical assistance to municipalities seeking to comply with the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); and (B) information to the Administrator to help the Administrator ensure that agency policies are implemented by all offices of the Environmental Protection Agency, including regional offices. (3) A
CTIONS REQUIRED .—The municipal om-budsman shall work with appropriate offices at the headquarters and regional offices of the Environmental Protection Agency to en-sure that the municipality seeking assist-ance is provided information— (A) about available Federal financial as-sistance for which the municipality is eligi-ble; (B) about flexibility available under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and, if applicable, the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); and (C) regarding the opportunity to develop an integrated plan, as defined in section 402(s)(1)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (as added by subsection (a)). (4) PRIORITY .—In carrying out paragraph (3), the municipal ombudsman shall give pri-ority to any municipality that demonstrates affordability concerns relating to compli-ance with the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) or the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.). (5) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The municipal ombudsman shall publish on the website of the Environmental Protection Agency— (A) general information relating to— (i) the technical assistance referred to in paragraph (2)(A); (ii) the financial assistance referred to in paragraph (3)(A); (iii) the flexibility referred to in paragraph 3(B); and (iv) any resources related to integrated plans developed by the Administrator; and (B) a copy of each permit, order, or judicial consent decree that implements or incor-porates an integrated plan. (c) M
UNICIPAL ENFORCEMENT .—Section 309 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1319) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) I
MPLEMENTATION OF INTEGRATED  P
LANS THROUGH ENFORCEMENT TOOLS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In conjunction with an enforcement action under subsection (a) or (b) relating to municipal discharges, the Ad-ministrator shall inform a municipality of the opportunity to develop an integrated plan, as defined in section 402(s). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATION .—Any municipality under an administrative order under sub-section (a) or settlement agreement (includ-ing a judicial consent decree) under sub-section (b) that has developed an integrated plan consistent with section 402(s) may re-quest a modification of the administrative order or settlement agreement based on that integrated plan.’’. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and make publicly available a report on each integrated plan developed and implemented through a per-mit, order, or judicial consent decree since the date of publication of the ‘‘Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Wastewater Plan-ning Approach Framework’’ issued by the Environmental Protection Agency and dated June 5, 2012, including a description of the control measures, levels of control, esti-mated costs, and compliance schedules for the requirements implemented through an integrated plan. 
SEC. 7204. GREEN INFRASTRUCTURE PRO-MOTION. 
Title V of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating section 519 (33 U.S.C. 1251 note) as section 520; and (2) by inserting after section 518 (33 U.S.C. 1377) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 519. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGEN-CY GREEN INFRASTRUCTURE PRO-MOTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall ensure that the Office of Water, the Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance, the Office of Research and Development, and the Office of Policy of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency promote the use of green in-frastructure in and coordinate the integra-tion of green infrastructure into, permitting programs, planning efforts, research, tech-nical assistance, and funding guidance. ‘‘(b) DUTIES .—The Administrator shall en-sure that the Office of Water— ‘‘(1) promotes the use of green infrastruc-ture in the programs of the Environmental Protection Agency; and ‘‘(2) coordinates efforts to increase the use of green infrastructure with— ‘‘(A) other Federal departments and agen-cies; ‘‘(B) State, tribal, and local governments; and ‘‘(C) the private sector. ‘‘(c) R
EGIONAL GREEN INFRASTRUCTURE  P
ROMOTION .—The Administrator shall direct each regional office of the Environmental Protection Agency, as appropriate based on local factors, and consistent with the re-quirements of this Act, to promote and inte-grate the use of green infrastructure within the region that includes— ‘‘(1) outreach and training regarding green infrastructure implementation for State, tribal, and local governments, tribal commu-nities, and the private sector; and ‘‘(2) the incorporation of green infrastruc-ture into permitting and other regulatory programs, codes, and ordinance development, including the requirements under consent decrees and settlement agreements in en-forcement actions. ‘‘(d) G
REEN INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION - 
SHARING .—The Administrator shall promote green infrastructure information-sharing, in-cluding through an Internet website, to share information with, and provide tech-nical assistance to, State, tribal, and local governments, tribal communities, the pri-vate sector, and the public regarding green infrastructure approaches for— ‘‘(1) reducing water pollution; ‘‘(2) protecting water resources; ‘‘(3) complying with regulatory require-ments; and ‘‘(4) achieving other environmental, public health, and community goals.’’. 
SEC. 7205. FINANCIAL CAPABILITY GUIDANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
FFORDABILITY .—The term ‘‘afford-ability’’ means, with respect to payment of a utility bill, a measure of whether an indi-vidual customer or household can pay the bill without undue hardship or unreasonable sacrifice in the essential lifestyle or spend-ing patterns of the individual or household, as determined by the Administrator. (2) F
INANCIAL CAPABILITY .—The term ‘‘fi-nancial capability’’ means the financial ca-pability of a community to make invest-ments necessary to make water quality or drinking water improvements. (3) G
UIDANCE .—The term ‘‘guidance’’ means the guidance published by the Administrator entitled ‘‘Combined Sewer Overflows—Guid-ance for Financial Capability Assessment and Schedule Development’’ and dated Feb-ruary 1997, as applicable to the combined sewer overflows and sanitary sewer overflows guidance published by the Administrator en-titled ‘‘Financial Capability Assessment Framework’’ and dated November 24, 2014. (b) U
SE OF MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME .— The Administrator shall not use median household income as the sole indicator of af-fordability for a residential household. (c) R
EVISED GUIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of completion of the National Acad-emy of Public Administration study to es-tablish a definition and framework for com-munity affordability required by Senate Re-port 114–70, accompanying S. 1645 (114th Con-gress), the Administrator shall revise the guidance described in subsection (a)(3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5634 September 13, 2016 
(2) U SE OF GUIDANCE .—Beginning on the date on which the revised guidance referred to in paragraph (1) is finalized, the Adminis-trator shall use the revised guidance in lieu of the guidance described in subsection (a)(3). (d) C
ONSIDERATION AND CONSULTATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION .—In revising the guid-ance, the Administrator shall consider— (A) the recommendations of the study re-ferred to in subsection (c) and any other rel-evant study, as determined by the Adminis-trator; (B) local economic conditions, including site-specific local conditions that should be taken into consideration in analyzing finan-cial capability; (C) other essential community invest-ments; (D) potential adverse impacts on distressed populations, including the percentage of low- income ratepayers within the service area of a utility and impacts in communities with disparate economic conditions throughout the entire service area of a utility; (E) the degree to which rates of low-income consumers would be affected by water infra-structure investments and the use of rate structures to address the rates of low-income consumers; (F) an evaluation of an array of factors, the relative importance of which may vary across regions and localities; and (G) the appropriate weight for economic, public health, and environmental benefits associated with improved water quality. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—Any revised guidance issued to replace the guidance shall be devel-oped in consultation with stakeholders. (e) P
UBLICATION AND SUBMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On completion of the revi-sion of the guidance, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register and submit to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the revised guid-ance. (2) E
XPLANATION .—If the Administrator makes a determination not to follow 1 or more recommendations of the study referred to in subsection (c)(1), the Administrator shall include in the publication and submis-sion under paragraph (1) an explanation of that decision. (f) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section pre-empts or interferes with any obligation to comply with any Federal law, including the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
SEC. 7206. CHESAPEAKE BAY GRASS SURVEY. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator for the Chesapeake Bay Grass Survey $150,000 for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 7207. GREAT LAKES HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM COORDINATOR. 
The Administrator, acting as the chair of the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, shall appoint a coordinator to work with ap-propriate Federal agencies and State, local, tribal, and foreign governments to coordi-nate efforts to address the issue of harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes. Subtitle C—Innovative Financing and Promotion of Innovative Technologies 
SEC. 7301. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE PUBLIC-PRI-VATE PARTNERSHIP PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 5014(c) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2201 note; Public Law 113–121) is amended by striking ‘‘Any activity undertaken under this section is authorized only to the extent’’ and inserting ‘‘Nothing in this section obli-gates the Secretary to expend funds unless’’. SEC. 7302. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE .— Section 5023(b)(2) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3902(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘provide financial assist-ance to carry out’’. (b) P
ROJECTS ELIGIBLE FOR ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5026 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3905) is amended— (A) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘desalination project’’ and inserting ‘‘desalination project, including chloride control’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or a water recycling project’’ and inserting ‘‘a water recycling project, or a project to provide alternative water supplies to reduce aquifer depletion’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (7), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (8), (9), and (10), respec-tively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) A project to prevent, reduce, or miti-gate the effects of drought, including projects that enhance the resilience of drought-stricken watersheds.’’; and (D) in paragraph (10) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘or (7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7), or (8)’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 5023(b) of the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3902(b)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and (8)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7), and (9)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘para-graph (7) or (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (8) or (10)’’. (B) Section 5024(b) of the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3903(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘para-graph (8) or (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (9) or (10)’’. (C) Section 5027(3) of the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3906(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 5026(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5026(8)’’. (D) Section 5028 of the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3907) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1)(E)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 5026(9)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 5026(10)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘section 5026(8)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 5026(9)’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 5026(8)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5026(9)’’. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY AND  P
ROJECT SELECTION .—Section 5028(b)(2)(F) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Inno-vation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3907(b)(2)(F)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (2) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) helps maintain or protect the environ-ment; ‘‘(iii) resists hazards due to a natural dis-aster; ‘‘(iv) continues to serve the primary func-tion of the water resources infrastructure project following a natural disaster; ‘‘(v) reduces the magnitude or duration of a disruptive event to a water resources infra-structure project; or ‘‘(vi) has the absorptive, adaptive, and re-coverable capacities to withstand a poten-tially disruptive event.’’. (d) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Section 5029(b) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
INANCING FEES .—On request of an eli-gible entity, the Secretary or the Adminis-trator, as applicable, shall allow the fees under subparagraph (A) to be financed as part of the loan.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) C
REDIT .—Any eligible project costs incurred and the value of any integral in- kind contributions made before receipt of as-sistance under this subtitle shall be credited toward the 51 percent of project costs to be provided by sources of funding other than a secured loan under this subtitle (as described in paragraph (2)(A).’’. (e) R
EMOVAL OF PILOT DESIGNATION .— (1) Subtitle C of title V of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) is amended by striking the subtitle designation and heading and in-serting the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Innovative Financing Projects’’. (2) Section 5023 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3092) is amended by striking ‘‘pilot’’ each place it appears. (3) Section 5034 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3913) is amended by striking the section des-ignation and heading and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 5034. REPORTS ON PROGRAM IMPLEMEN-TATION.’’. 
(4) The table of contents for the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121) is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to sub-title C of title V and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Innovative Financing Projects’’.; and (B) by striking the item relating to section 5034 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 5034. Reports on program implementa-tion.’’. (f) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) appropriations made available to carry out the Water Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) should be in addition to robust funding for the State water pollution control revolving funds established under title VI of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) and State drinking water treat-ment revolving loan funds established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12); and (2) the appropriations made available for the funds referred to in paragraph (1) should not decrease for any fiscal year. 
SEC. 7303. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE INVEST-MENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) C REATION OF TRUST FUND.—There is es-tablished in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the ‘‘Water Infrastructure Investment Trust Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), consisting of such amounts as may be appropriated to or deposited in such fund as provided in this section. (b) T
RANSFERS TO TRUST FUND.—The Sec- retary of the Treasury (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall deposit in the Fund amounts equal to the fees received before January 1, 2022, under subsection (f)(2). (c) E
XPENDITURES .—Amounts in the Fund, including interest earned and advances to the Fund and proceeds from investment under subsection (d), shall be available for expenditure, without further appropriation, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5635 September 13, 2016 
(1) 50 percent of the amounts shall be avail-able to the Administrator for making cap-italization grants under section 601 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381). (2) 50 percent of the amounts shall be avail-able to the Administrator for making cap-italization grants under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). (d) I
NVESTMENT .—Amounts in the Fund shall be invested in accordance with section 9702 of title 31, United States Code, and any interest on, and proceeds from, any such in-vestment shall be available for expenditure in accordance with this section. (e) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .— Amounts in the Fund may not be made available for a fiscal year under subsection (c) unless the sum of the funds appropriated to the Clean Water State Revolving Fund and the Safe Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Fund through annual capitalization grants is not less than the average of the sum of the annual amounts provided in cap-italization grants under section 601 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381) and section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) for the 5-fiscal-year period immediately preceding such fiscal year. (f) V
OLUNTARY LABELING SYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Administrator of the Food and Drug Administration, manufactur-ers, producers, and importers, shall develop and implement a program under which the Administrator provides a label designed in consultation with manufacturers, producers, and importers suitable for placement on products to inform consumers that the man-ufacturer, producer, or importer of the prod-uct, and other stakeholders, participates in the Fund. (2) F
EE.—The Administrator shall provide a label for a fee of 3 cents per unit. (g) EPA S
TUDY ON WATER PRICING .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Administrator, with par-ticipation by the States, shall conduct a study to— (A) assess the affordability gap faced by low-income populations located in urban and rural areas in obtaining services from clean water and drinking water systems; and (B) analyze options for programs to provide incentives for rate adjustments at the local level to achieve ‘‘full cost’’ or ‘‘true value’’ pricing for such services, while protecting low-income ratepayers from undue burden. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on the Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study. 
SEC. 7304. INNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGY GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (1) a public utility, including publicly owned treatment works and clean water sys-tems; (2) a unit of local government, including a municipality or a joint powers authority; (3) a private entity, including a farmer or manufacturer; (4) an institution of higher education; (5) a research institution or foundation; (6) a State; (7) a regional organization; or (8) a nonprofit organization. (b) G
RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Ad- ministrator shall carry out a grant program for purposes described in subsection (c) to ac-celerate the development of innovative water technologies that address pressing water challenges. (c) GRANTS .—In carrying out the program under subsection (b), the Administrator shall make to eligible entities grants that— (1) finance projects to develop, deploy, test, and improve emerging water tech-nologies; (2) fund entities that provide technical as-sistance to deploy innovative water tech-nologies more broadly, especially— (A) to increase adoption of innovative water technologies in— (i) municipal drinking water and waste-water treatment systems; (ii) areas served by private wells; or (iii) water supply systems in arid areas that are experiencing, or have recently expe-rienced, prolonged drought conditions; and (B) in a manner that reduces ratepayer or community costs over time, including the cost of future capital investments; or (3) support technologies that, as deter-mined by the Administrator— (A) improve water quality of a water source; (B) improve the safety and security of a drinking water delivery system; (C) minimize contamination of drinking water and drinking water sources, including contamination by lead, bacteria, chlorides, and nitrates; (D) improve the quality and timeliness and decrease the cost of drinking water quality tests, especially technologies that can be de-ployed within water systems and at indi-vidual faucets to provide accurate real-time tests of water quality, especially with re-spect to lead, bacteria, and nitrate content; (E) increase water supplies in arid areas that are experiencing, or have recently expe-rienced, prolonged drought conditions; (F) treat edge-of-field runoff to improve water quality; (G) treat agricultural, municipal, and in-dustrial wastewater; (H) recycle or reuse water; (I) manage urban storm water runoff; (J) reduce sewer or stormwater overflows; (K) conserve water; (L) improve water quality by reducing sa-linity; (M) mitigate air quality impacts associ-ated with declining water resources; (N) address treatment byproduct and brine disposal alternatives; or (O) address urgent water quality and human health needs. (d) P
RIORITY FUNDING .—In making grants under this section, the Administrator shall give priority to projects that have the poten-tial— (1) to provide substantial cost savings across a sector; (2) to significantly improve human health or the environment; or (3) to provide additional water supplies with minimal environmental impact. (e) C
OST-SHARING .—The Federal share of the cost of activities carried out using a grant made under this section shall be not more than 65 percent. (f) L
IMITATION .—The maximum amount of a grant provided to a project under this sec-tion shall be $5,000,000. (g) R
EPORT .—Each year, the Administrator shall submit to Congress and make publicly available on the website of the Adminis-trator a report that describes any advance-ments during the previous year in develop-ment of innovative water technologies made as a result of funding provided under this section. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each fis-cal year. (i) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Administrator to provide grants to eligi-ble entities under this section $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. SEC. 7305. WATER RESOURCES RESEARCH ACT AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND DECLARA -
TIONS .—Section 102 of the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10301) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (9) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respec-tively; (2) in paragraph (8) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) additional research is required to in-crease the effectiveness and efficiency of new and existing treatment works through alter-native approaches, including— ‘‘(A) nonstructural alternatives; ‘‘(B) decentralized approaches; ‘‘(C) water use efficiency and conservation; and ‘‘(D) actions to reduce energy consumption or extract energy from wastewater;’’. (b) W
ATER RESOURCES RESEARCH AND TECH-
NOLOGY INSTITUTES .—Section 104 of the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘water-related phenomena’’ and inserting ‘‘water resources’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘From the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—From the’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31 of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives a report regarding the compli-ance of each funding recipient with this sub-section for the immediately preceding fiscal year.’’; (3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) E
VALUATION OF WATER RESOURCES RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a careful and detailed evaluation of each institute at least once every 3 years to determine— ‘‘(A) the quality and relevance of the water resources research of the institute; ‘‘(B) the effectiveness of the institute at producing measured results and applied water supply research; and ‘‘(C) whether the effectiveness of the insti-tute as an institution for planning, con-ducting, and arranging for research warrants continued support under this section. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER SUPPORT .—If, as a result of an evaluation under paragraph (1), the Secretary determines that an insti-tute does not qualify for further support under this section, no further grants to the institute may be provided until the quali-fications of the institute are reestablished to the satisfaction of the Secretary.’’; (4) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘$12,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(1), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘$6,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2007 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5636 September 13, 2016 
SEC. 7306. REAUTHORIZATION OF WATER DESALI-NATION ACT OF 1996. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF RESEARCH AND STUD-
IES.—Section 3 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104– 298) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) development of metrics to analyze the costs and benefits of desalination relative to other sources of water (including costs and benefits related to associated infrastructure, energy use, environmental impacts, and di-versification of water supplies); and ‘‘(9) development of design and siting spec-ifications that avoid, minimize, or offset ad-verse social, economic, and environmental impacts.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
RIORITIZATION .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall prioritize fund-ing for research— ‘‘(1) to reduce energy consumption and lower the cost of desalination, including chloride control; ‘‘(2) to reduce the environmental impacts of seawater desalination and develop tech-nology and strategies to minimize those im-pacts; ‘‘(3) to improve existing reverse osmosis and membrane technology; ‘‘(4) to carry out basic and applied research on next generation desalination tech-nologies, including improved energy recov-ery systems and renewable energy-powered desalination systems that could signifi-cantly reduce desalination costs; ‘‘(5) to develop portable or modular desali-nation units capable of providing temporary emergency water supplies for domestic or military deployment purposes; and ‘‘(6) to develop and promote innovative de-salination technologies, including chloride control, identified by the Secretary.’’. (b) D
ESALINATION DEMONSTRATION AND DE-
VELOPMENT .—Section 4 of the Water Desali-nation Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Pub-lic Law 104–298) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
RIORITIZATION .—In carrying out dem-onstration and development activities under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize projects— ‘‘(1) for the benefit of drought-stricken States and communities; ‘‘(2) for the benefit of States that have au-thorized funding for research and develop-ment of desalination technologies and projects; ‘‘(3) that can reduce reliance on imported water supplies that have an impact on spe-cies listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(4) that demonstrably leverage the experi-ence of international partners with consider-able expertise in desalination, such as the State of Israel.’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 8 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended— (1) in the first sentence of subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$8,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—Section 9 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In car-rying out’’ in the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘SEC. 9. CONSULTATION AND COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) C ONSULTATION .—In carrying out’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The authorization’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) O
THER DESALINATION PROGRAMS .—The authorization’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) (as des-ignated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL DESALINA -
TION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—The White House Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy shall develop a coordinated strategic plan that— ‘‘(1) establishes priorities for future Fed-eral investments in desalination; ‘‘(2) coordinates the activities of Federal agencies involved in desalination, including the Bureau of Reclamation, the Corps of En-gineers, the United States Army Tank Auto-motive Research, Development and Engi-neering Center, the National Science Foun-dation, the Office of Naval Research of the Department of Defense, the National Labora-tories of the Department of Energy, the United States Geological Survey, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion; ‘‘(3) strengthens research and development cooperation with international partners, such as the State of Israel, in the area of de-salination technology; and ‘‘(4) promotes public-private partnerships to develop a framework for assessing needs for, and to optimize siting and design of, fu-ture ocean desalination projects.’’. 
SEC. 7307. NATIONAL DROUGHT RESILIENCE GUIDELINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Administrator, and other appropriate Federal agency heads along with State, local, and tribal govern-ments, shall jointly develop nonregulatory national drought resilience guidelines relat-ing to drought preparedness planning and in-vestments for communities, water utilities, and other water users and providers, in a manner consistent with the Presidential Memorandum entitled ‘‘Building National Capabilities for Long-Term Drought Resil-ience’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 16053 (March 21, 2016)). (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the na-tional drought resilience guidelines, the Ad-ministrator and other Federal agency heads referred to in subsection (a) shall consult with— (1) State and local governments; (2) water utilities; (3) scientists; (4) institutions of higher education; (5) relevant private entities; and (6) other stakeholders. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The national drought resil-ience guidelines developed under this section shall, to the maximum extent practicable, provide recommendations for a period of 10 years that— (1) address a broad range of potential ac-tions, including— (A) analysis of the impacts of the changing frequency and duration of drought on the fu-ture effectiveness of water management tools; (B) the identification of drought-related water management challenges in a broad range of fields, including— (i) public health and safety; (ii) municipal and industrial water supply; (iii) agricultural water supply; (iv) water quality; (v) ecosystem health; and (vi) water supply planning; (C) water management tools to reduce drought-related impacts, including— (i) water use efficiency through gallons per capita reduction goals, appliance efficiency standards, water pricing incentives, and other measures; (ii) water recycling; (iii) groundwater clean-up and storage; (iv) new technologies, such as behavioral water efficiency; and (v) stormwater capture and reuse; (D) water-related energy and greenhouse gas reduction strategies; and (E) public education and engagement; and (2) include recommendations relating to the processes that Federal, State, and local governments and water utilities should con-sider when developing drought resilience pre-paredness and plans, including— (A) the establishment of planning goals; (B) the evaluation of institutional capac-ity; (C) the assessment of drought-related risks and vulnerabilities, including the integra-tion of climate-related impacts; (D) the establishment of a development process, including an evaluation of the cost- effectiveness of potential strategies; (E) the inclusion of private entities, tech-nical advisors, and other stakeholders in the development process; (F) implementation and financing issues; and (G) evaluation of the plan, including any updates to the plan. SEC. 7308. INNOVATION IN STATE WATER POLLU-TION CONTROL REVOLVING LOAN FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (j)(1)(B) (as redesignated by section 7202(b)(1)(A)(ii)) of section 603 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1383) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) to encourage the use of innovative water technologies related to any of the issues identified in clauses (i) through (iv) or, as determined by the State, any other eli-gible project and activity eligible for assist-ance under subsection (c)’’. (b) I
NNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGIES .—Sec- tion 603 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1383) (as amended by sec-tion 7202(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Adminis-trator may provide technical assistance to facilitate and encourage the provision of fi-nancial assistance for innovative water tech-nologies. ‘‘(l) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, and not less frequently than every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the amount of financial assistance pro-vided by State water pollution control re-volving funds to deploy innovative water technologies; ‘‘(2) the barriers impacting greater use of innovative water technologies; and ‘‘(3) the cost-saving potential to cities and future infrastructure investments from emerging technologies.’’. 
SEC. 7309. INNOVATION IN DRINKING WATER STATE REVOLVING LOAN FUNDS. 
Section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) (as amended by section 7105) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5637 September 13, 2016 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGY .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this sec-tion, in the case of a State that makes a loan under subsection (a)(2) to carry out an eligi-ble activity through the use of an innovative water technology (including technologies to improve water treatment to ensure compli-ance with this title and technologies to iden-tify and mitigate sources of drinking water contamination, including lead contamina-tion), the State may provide additional sub-sidization, including forgiveness of principal that is not more than 50 percent of the cost of the portion of the project associated with the innovative technology.’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘For each fiscal year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGY .—For each fiscal year, not more than 20 percent of the loan subsidies that may be made by a State under paragraph (1) may be used to provide additional subsidization under sub-paragraph (B) of that paragraph.’’; and (D) in paragraph (3), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘, or portion of a service area,’’ after ‘‘service area’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Adminis-trator may provide technical assistance to facilitate and encourage the provision of fi-nancial assistance for the deployment of in-novative water technologies. ‘‘(u) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, and not less frequently than every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the amount of financial assistance pro-vided by State loan funds to deploy innova-tive water technologies; ‘‘(2) the barriers impacting greater use of innovative water technologies; and ‘‘(3) the cost-saving potential to cities and future infrastructure investments from emerging technologies.’’. Subtitle D—Drinking Water Disaster Relief and Infrastructure Investments 
SEC. 7401. DRINKING WATER INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible State’’ means a State for which the Presi-dent has declared an emergency under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) relating to the public health threats associ-ated with the presence of lead or other con-taminants in a public drinking water supply system. (2) E
LIGIBLE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘eligible system’’ means a public drinking water sup-ply system that has been the subject of an emergency declaration referred to in para-graph (1). (b) S
TATE REVOLVING LOAN FUND ASSIST -
ANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible system shall be— (A) considered to be a disadvantaged com-munity under section 1452(d) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)); and (B) eligible to receive loans with additional subsidization under that Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), including forgiveness of principal under section 1452(d)(1) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)(1)). (2) A
UTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Using funds provided under subsection (e)(1)(A), an eligible State may provide assistance to an eligible system within the eligible State, for the purpose of addressing lead or other contaminants in drinking water, including repair and replace-ment of public and private drinking water infrastructure. (B) INCLUSION .—Assistance provided under subparagraph (A) may include additional subsidization under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), as described in paragraph (1)(B). (C) E
XCLUSION .—Assistance provided under subparagraph (A) shall not include assist-ance for a project that is financed (directly or indirectly), in whole or in part, with pro-ceeds of any obligation issued after the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the interest of which is exempt from the tax imposed under chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or (ii) with respect to which credit is allow-able under subpart I or J of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code. (3) L
IMITATION .—Section 1452(d)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(d)(2)) shall not apply to— (A) any funds provided under subsection (e)(1)(A); or (B) any other loan provided to an eligible system. (c) W
ATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCING .— (1) S
ECURED LOANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Using funds provided under subsection (e)(2)(A), the Administrator may make a secured loan under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) to— (i) an eligible State to carry out a project eligible under paragraphs (2) through (9) of section 5026 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3905) to ad-dress lead or other contaminants in drinking water in an eligible system, including repair and replacement of public and private drink-ing water infrastructure; and (ii) any eligible entity under section 5025 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3904) for a project eligible under paragraphs (2) through (9) of section 5026 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3905). (B) A
MOUNT .—Notwithstanding section 5029(b)(2) of the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)(2)), the amount of a secured loan pro-vided under subparagraph (A)(i) may be equal to not more than 80 percent of the rea-sonably anticipated costs of the projects. (2) F
EDERAL INVOLVEMENT .—Notwith- standing section 5029(b)(9) of the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)(9)), any costs for a project to address lead or other contaminants in drinking water in an eligible system that are not covered by a secured loan under para-graph (1) may be covered using amounts in the State revolving loan fund under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). (d) N
ONDUPLICATION OF WORK.—An activity carried out pursuant to this section shall not duplicate the work or activity of any other Federal or State department or agency. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) A
DDITIONAL DRINKING WATER STATE RE -
VOLVING FUND CAPITALIZATION GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall make available to the Admin-istrator a total of $100,000,000 to provide ad-ditional grants to eligible States pursuant to section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12), to be available for a period of 18 months beginning on the date on which the funds are made available, for the pur-poses described in subsection (b)(2), and after the end of the 18-month period, until ex-pended for the purposes described in subpara-graph (C). (B) S
UPPLEMENTED INTENDED USE PLANS .— From funds made available under subpara-graph (A), the Administrator shall obligate to an eligible State such amounts as are nec-essary to meet the needs identified in a sup-plemented intended use plan by not later than 30 days after the date on which the eli-gible State submits to the Administrator a supplemented intended use plan under sec-tion 1452(b) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)) that includes preapplication information regarding projects to be funded using the additional as-sistance, including, with respect to each such project— (i) a description of the project; (ii) an explanation of the means by which the project will address a situation causing a declared emergency in the eligible State; (iii) the estimated cost of the project; and (iv) the projected start date for construc-tion of the project. (C) UNOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—Of any amounts made available to the Adminis-trator under subparagraph (A) that are unob-ligated on the date that is 18 months after the date on which the amounts are made available— (i) 50 percent shall be available to provide additional grants under section 1459A of the Safe Drinking Water Act (as added by sec-tion 7106); and (ii) 50 percent shall be available to provide additional grants under section 1459B of the Safe Drinking Water Act (as added by sec-tion 7107). (D) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 1452(b)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(b)(1)) shall not apply to a supplement to an intended use plan under subparagraph (B). (2) WIFIA 
FUNDING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make avail-able to the Administrator $70,000,000 to pro-vide credit subsidies, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, for secured loans under sub-section (c)(1)(A) with a goal of providing se-cured loans totaling at least $700,000,000. (B) U
SE.—Secured loans provided pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be available to carry out activities described in subsection (c)(1)(A). (C) E
XCLUSION .—Of the amounts made available under subparagraph (A), $20,000,000 shall not be used to provide assistance for a project that is financed (directly or indi-rectly), in whole or in part, with proceeds of any obligation issued after the date of enact-ment of this Act— (i) the interest of which is exempt from the tax imposed under chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or (ii) with respect to which credit is allow-able under subpart I or J of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code. (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—Unless explicitly waived, all requirements under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) and the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) shall apply to funding provided under this subsection. (f) H
EALTH EFFECTS EVALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Pursuant to section 104(i)(1)(E) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(1)(E)), and on re-ceipt of a request of an appropriate State or local health official of an eligible State, the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry of the National Center for Environmental Health shall in coordina-tion with other agencies, as appropriate, conduct voluntary surveillance activities to evaluate any adverse health effects on indi-viduals exposed to lead from drinking water in the affected communities. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—Pursuant to section 104(i)(4) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(4)), and on receipt of a request of an appropriate State or local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5638 September 13, 2016 
health official of an eligible State, the Direc-tor of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry of the National Center for Environmental Health shall provide con-sultations regarding health issues described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 7402. LOAN FORGIVENESS. 
The matter under the heading ‘‘S TATE AND  T
RIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS ’’ under the head-ing ‘‘ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY’’ in title II of division G of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), is amended in paragraph (1), by striking the semicolon at the end and insert-ing the following: ‘‘or, if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply, before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants to provide additional subsidy to eligible re-cipients;’’. 
SEC. 7403. REGISTRY FOR LEAD EXPOSURE AND ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means a city exposed to lead contamination in the local drinking water system. (2) C
OMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Committee’’ means the Advisory Committee established under subsection (c). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (b) L
EAD EXPOSURE REGISTRY .—The Sec- retary shall establish within the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry or another relevant agency at the discretion of the Secretary, or establish through a grant award or contract, a lead exposure registry to collect data on the lead exposure of resi-dents of a City on a voluntary basis. (c) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an Advisory Committee in coordina-tion with the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention and other rel-evant agencies as determined by the Sec-retary consisting of Federal members and non-Federal members, and which shall in-clude— (i) an epidemiologist; (ii) a toxicologist; (iii) a mental health professional; (iv) a pediatrician; (v) an early childhood education expert; (vi) a special education expert; (vii) a dietician; and (viii) an environmental health expert. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Membership in the Committee shall not exceed 15 members and not less than 
1⁄2of the members shall be Fed-eral members. (2) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall designate a chair from among the Federal members ap-pointed to the Committee. (3) T
ERMS .—Members of the Committee shall serve for a term of not more than 3 years and the Secretary may reappoint mem-bers for consecutive terms. (4) A
PPLICATION OF FACA .—The Committee shall be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (5) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Committee shall, at a minimum— (A) review the Federal programs and serv-ices available to individuals and commu-nities exposed to lead; (B) review current research on lead poi-soning to identify additional research needs; (C) review and identify best practices, or the need for best practices, regarding lead screening and the prevention of lead poi-soning; (D) identify effective services, including services relating to healthcare, education, and nutrition for individuals and commu-nities affected by lead exposure and lead poi-soning, including in consultation with, as ap-propriate, the lead exposure registry as es-tablished in subsection (b); and (E) undertake any other review or activi-ties that the Secretary determines to be ap-propriate. (6) REPORT .—Annually for 5 years and thereafter as determined necessary by the Secretary or as required by Congress, the Committee shall submit to the Secretary, the Committees on Finance, Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions, and Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate and the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, and Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (A) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Federal programs and services available to individuals and communities exposed to lead; (B) an evaluation of additional lead poi-soning research needs; (C) an assessment of any effective screen-ing methods or best practices used or devel-oped to prevent or screen for lead poisoning; (D) input and recommendations for im-proved access to effective services relating to healthcare, education, or nutrition for in-dividuals and communities impacted by lead exposure; and (E) any other recommendations for com-munities affected by lead exposure, as appro-priate. (d) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2020— (A) $17,500,000 to carry out subsection (b); and (B) $2,500,000 to carry out subsection (c). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Sec- retary shall be entitled to receive, shall ac-cept, and shall use to carry out subsections (b) and (c) the funds transferred under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), re-spectively, without further appropriation. 
SEC. 7404. ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD HEALTH PROGRAMS. 
(a) C HILDHOOD LEADPOISONING PREVENTION  P
ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, to be available during the period of fis-cal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 for the childhood lead poisoning prevention program authorized under section 317A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–1). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention shall be entitled to receive, shall ac-cept, and shall use to carry out the child-hood lead poisoning prevention program au-thorized under section 317A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–1) the funds transferred under paragraph (1), with-out further appropriation. (b) H
EALTHY HOMES PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 to carry out the Healthy Homes Initiative of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. (2) RECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Sec- retary of Housing and Urban Development shall be entitled to receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out the Healthy Homes Initiative of the Department of Housing and Urban Development the funds transferred under paragraph (1), without further appro-priation. (c) H
EALTHY START PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Adminis-trator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 to carry out the Healthy Start Initiative under section 330H of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–8). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Admin-istrator of the Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration shall be entitled to re-ceive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out the Healthy Start Initiative under section 330H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–8) the funds transferred under paragraph (1), without further appropriation. 
SEC. 7405. REVIEW AND REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations, Environment and Public Works, and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations, Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report on the status of any ongoing investigations into the Federal and State response to the contamination of the drinking water supply of the City of Flint, Michigan. (b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of the investigations de-scribed in subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a review of issues that are not addressed by the investigations and relating to— (1) the adequacy of the response by the State of Michigan and the City of Flint to the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, including the timeliness and transparency of the response, as well as the capacity of the State and City to manage the drinking water system; and (2) the adequacy of the response by Region 5 of the Environmental Protection Agency to the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, including the timeliness and transparency of the response. (c) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after commencing each review under subsection (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a statement of the principal findings of the review; and (2) recommendations for Congress and the President to take any actions to prevent a similar situation in the future and to protect public health. Subtitle E—Report on Groundwater Contamination 
SEC. 7501. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘comprehensive strategy’’ means a plan for— (A) the remediation of the plume under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); or (B) corrective action under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5639 September 13, 2016 
(2) G ROUNDWATER .—The term ‘‘ground-water’’ means water in a saturated zone or stratum beneath the surface of land or water. (3) P
LUME .—The term ‘‘plume’’ means any hazardous waste (as defined in section 1004 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6903)) or hazardous substance (as defined in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601)) found in the ground-water supply. (4) S
ITE.—The term ‘‘site’’ means the site located at 830 South Oyster Bay Road, Bethpage, New York, 11714 (Environmental Protection Agency identification number NYD002047967). 
SEC. 7502. REPORT ON GROUNDWATER CONTAMI-NATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually there-after, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to Congress a report on the groundwater con-tamination from the site that includes— (1) a description of the status of the groundwater contaminants that are leaving the site and migrating to a location within a 10-mile radius of the site, including— (A) detailed mapping of the movement of the plume over time; and (B) projected migration rates of the plume; (2) an analysis of the current and future impact of the movement of the plume on drinking water facilities; and (3) a comprehensive strategy to prevent the groundwater contaminants from the site from contaminating drinking water wells that, as of the date of the submission of the report, have not been affected by the migra-tion of the plume. Subtitle F—Restoration PART I—GREAT LAKES RESTORATION 
SEC. 7611. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIA-TIVE. 
Section 118(c) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)) is amend-ed by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) G
REAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIA -
TIVE.— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Agency a Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Initiative’) to carry out programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and res-toration. ‘‘(B) F
OCUS AREAS .—Each fiscal year under a 5-year Initiative Action Plan, the Initia-tive shall prioritize programs and projects, carried out in coordination with non-Federal partners, that address priority areas, such as— ‘‘(i) the remediation of toxic substances and areas of concern; ‘‘(ii) the prevention and control of invasive species and the impacts of invasive species; ‘‘(iii) the protection and restoration of nearshore health and the prevention and mitigation of nonpoint source pollution; ‘‘(iv) habitat and wildlife protection and restoration, including wetlands restoration and preservation; and ‘‘(v) accountability, monitoring, evalua-tion, communication, and partnership activi-ties. ‘‘(C) P
ROJECTS .—Under the Initiative, the Agency shall collaborate with Federal part-ners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, to select the best combination of programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and restoration using appropriate principles and criteria, including whether a program or project provides— ‘‘(i) the ability to achieve strategic and measurable environmental outcomes that implement the Great Lakes Action Plan and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; ‘‘(ii) the feasibility of— ‘‘(I) prompt implementation; ‘‘(II) timely achievement of results; and ‘‘(III) resource leveraging; and ‘‘(iii) the opportunity to improve inter-agency and inter-organizational coordina-tion and collaboration to reduce duplication and streamline efforts. ‘‘(D) IMPLEMENTATION OF PROJECTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (G)(ii), funds made available to carry out the Initiative shall be used to strategically im-plement— ‘‘(I) Federal projects; and ‘‘(II) projects carried out in coordination with States, Indian tribes, municipalities, institutions of higher education, and other organizations. ‘‘(ii) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—With amounts made available for the Initiative each fiscal year, the Administrator may— ‘‘(I) transfer not more than $300,000,000 to the head of any Federal department or agen-cy, with the concurrence of the department or agency head, to carry out activities to support the Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; ‘‘(II) enter into an interagency agreement with the head of any Federal department or agency to carry out activities described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(III) make grants to governmental enti-ties, nonprofit organizations, institutions, and individuals for planning, research, moni-toring, outreach, and implementation of projects in furtherance of the Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. ‘‘(E) S
COPE.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Projects shall be carried out under the Initiative on multiple levels, including— ‘‘(I) Great Lakes-wide; and ‘‘(II) Great Lakes basin-wide. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—No funds made available to carry out the Initiative may be used for any water infrastructure activity (other than a green infrastructure project that im-proves habitat and other ecosystem func-tions in the Great Lakes) for which amounts are made available from— ‘‘(I) a State water pollution control revolv-ing fund established under title VI; or ‘‘(II) a State drinking water revolving loan fund established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). ‘‘(F) A
CTIVITIES BY OTHER FEDERAL AGEN -
CIES.—Each relevant Federal department or agency shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(i) maintain the base level of funding for the Great Lakes activities of that depart-ment or agency without regard to funding under the Initiative; and ‘‘(ii) identify new activities and projects to support the environmental goals of the Ini-tiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. ‘‘(G) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this paragraph $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this para-graph creates, expands, or amends the au-thority of the Administrator to implement programs or projects under— ‘‘(I) this section; ‘‘(II) the Initiative Action Plan; or ‘‘(III) the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement.’’. 
SEC. 7612. AMENDMENTS TO THE GREAT LAKES FISH AND WILDLIFE RESTORATION ACT OF 1990. 
(a) R EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, wherever in this section an amendment is expressed in terms of an amendment to a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 941 et seq.). (b) FINDINGS .—The Act is amended by striking section 1002 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1002. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds that— ‘‘(1) the Great Lakes have fish and wildlife communities that are structurally and func-tionally changing; ‘‘(2) successful fish and wildlife manage-ment focuses on the lakes as ecosystems, and effective management requires the coordina-tion and integration of efforts of many part-ners; ‘‘(3) it is in the national interest to under-take activities in the Great Lakes Basin that support sustainable fish and wildlife re-sources of common concern provided under the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Ac-tion Plan based on the recommendations of the Great Lakes Regional Collaboration au-thorized under Executive Order 13340 (69 Fed. Reg. 29043; relating to the Great Lakes Inter-agency Task Force); ‘‘(4) additional actions and better coordina-tion are needed to protect and effectively manage the fish and wildlife resources, and the habitats on which the resources depend, in the Great Lakes Basin; ‘‘(5) as of the date of enactment of this Act, actions are not funded that are consid-ered essential to meet the goals and objec-tives in managing the fish and wildlife re-sources, and the habitats on which the re-sources depend, in the Great Lakes Basin; and ‘‘(6) this Act allows Federal agencies, States, and Indian tribes to work in an effec-tive partnership by providing the funding for restoration work.’’. (c) I
DENTIFICATION , REVIEW , ANDIMPLEMEN -
TATION OF PROPOSALS AND REGIONAL  P
ROJECTS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROPOSALS AND RE -
GIONAL PROJECTS .—Section 1005(b)(2)(B) (16 U.S.C. 941c(b)(2)(B)) is amended— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) the strategic action plan of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative; and ‘‘(viii) each applicable State wildlife action plan.’’. (2) R
EVIEW OF PROPOSALS .—Section 1005(c)(2)(C) (16 U.S.C. 941c(c)(2)(C)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Great Lakes Coordinator of the’’. (3) C
OST SHARING .—Section 1005(e) (16 U.S.C. 941c(e)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (4), not less than 25 percent of the cost of implementing a proposal’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—Except as pro-vided in paragraphs (3) and (5) and subject to paragraph (2), not less than 25 percent of the cost of implementing a proposal or regional project’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
IME PERIOD FOR PROVIDING MATCH .— The non-Federal share of the cost of imple-menting a proposal or regional project re-quired under subparagraph (A) may be pro-vided at any time during the 2-year period preceding January 1 of the year in which the Director receives the application for the pro-posal or regional project.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), re-spectively; and (C) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as so redesignated) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5640 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(2) A UTHORIZED SOURCES OF NON -FEDERAL  
SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may deter-mine the non-Federal share under paragraph (1) by taking into account— ‘‘(i) the appraised value of land or a con-servation easement as described in subpara-graph (B); or ‘‘(ii) as described in subparagraph (C), the costs associated with— ‘‘(I) land acquisition or securing a con-servation easement; and ‘‘(II) restoration or enhancement of that land or conservation easement. ‘‘(B) A
PPRAISAL OF LAND OR CONSERVATION  
EASEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The value of land or a conservation easement may be used to sat-isfy the non-Federal share of the cost of im-plementing a proposal or regional project re-quired under paragraph (1)(A) if the Director determines that the land or conservation easement— ‘‘(I) meets the requirements of subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(II) is acquired before the end of the grant period of the proposal or regional project; ‘‘(III) is held in perpetuity for the con-servation purposes of the programs of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service re-lated to the Great Lakes Basin, as described in section 1006, by an accredited land trust or conservancy or a Federal, State, or tribal agency; ‘‘(IV) is connected either physically or through a conservation planning process to the proposal or regional project; and ‘‘(V) is appraised in accordance with clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
PPRAISAL .—With respect to the ap-praisal of land or a conservation easement described in clause (i)— ‘‘(I) the appraisal valuation date shall be not later than 1 year after the price of the land or conservation easement was set under a contract; and ‘‘(II) the appraisal shall— ‘‘(aa) conform to the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP); and ‘‘(bb) be completed by a Federal- or State- certified appraiser. ‘‘(C) C
OSTS OF LAND ACQUISITION OR SECUR -
ING CONSERVATION EASEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—All costs associated with land acquisition or securing a conservation easement and restoration or enhancement of that land or conservation easement may be used to satisfy the non-Federal share of the cost of implementing a proposal or regional project required under paragraph (1)(A) if the activities and expenses associated with the land acquisition or securing the conservation easement and restoration or enhancement of that land or conservation easement meet the requirements of subparagraph (B)(i). ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The costs referred to in clause (i) may include cash, in-kind con-tributions, and indirect costs. ‘‘(iii) E
XCLUSION .—The costs referred to in clause (i) may not be costs associated with mitigation or litigation (other than costs as-sociated with the Natural Resource Damage Assessment program).’’. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF OFFICES .—Section 1007 (16 U.S.C. 941e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ISHERY RESOURCES ’’ and inserting ‘‘F ISH 
ANDWILDLIFE CONSERVATION ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Fishery Resources’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Fish and Wildlife Conservation’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ISHERY RESOURCES ’’ and inserting ‘‘F ISH 
ANDWILDLIFE CONSERVATION ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Fishery Resources’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Fish and Wildlife Conservation’’; (3) by striking subsection (a); and (4) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. (e) REPORTS .—Section 1008 (16 U.S.C. 941f) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; and (B) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Action Plan based on’’ after ‘‘in support of’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) C
ONTINUED MONITORING AND ASSESS -
MENT OF STUDY FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—The Director— ‘‘(1) shall continue to monitor the status, and the assessment, management, and res-toration needs, of the fish and wildlife re-sources of the Great Lakes Basin; and ‘‘(2) may reassess and update, as necessary, the findings and recommendations of the Re-port.’’. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1009 (16 U.S.C. 941g) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$14,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$4,600,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$700,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the ac-tivities of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 1007’’ and inserting ‘‘the activities of the Upper Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Conservation Offices and the Lower Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Conservation Office under section 1007’’. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 8 of the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restora-tion Act of 2006 (16 U.S.C. 941 note; Public Law 109–326) is repealed. PART II—LAKE TAHOE RESTORATION 
SEC. 7621. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 2 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— ‘‘(1) Lake Tahoe— ‘‘(A) is one of the largest, deepest, and clearest lakes in the world; ‘‘(B) has a cobalt blue color, a biologically diverse alpine setting, and remarkable water clarity; and ‘‘(C) is recognized nationally and world-wide as a natural resource of special signifi-cance; ‘‘(2) in addition to being a scenic and eco-logical treasure, the Lake Tahoe Basin is one of the outstanding recreational resources of the United States, which— ‘‘(A) offers skiing, water sports, biking, camping, and hiking to millions of visitors each year; and ‘‘(B) contributes significantly to the econo-mies of California, Nevada, and the United States; ‘‘(3) the economy in the Lake Tahoe Basin is dependent on the conservation and res-toration of the natural beauty and recre-ation opportunities in the area; ‘‘(4) the ecological health of the Lake Tahoe Basin continues to be challenged by the impacts of land use and transportation patterns developed in the last century; ‘‘(5) the alteration of wetland, wet mead-ows, and stream zone habitat have com-promised the capacity of the watershed to filter sediment, nutrients, and pollutants be-fore reaching Lake Tahoe; ‘‘(6) forests in the Lake Tahoe Basin suffer from over a century of fire damage and peri-odic drought, which have resulted in— ‘‘(A) high tree density and mortality; ‘‘(B) the loss of biological diversity; and ‘‘(C) a large quantity of combustible forest fuels, which significantly increases the threat of catastrophic fire and insect infesta-tion; ‘‘(7) the establishment of several aquatic and terrestrial invasive species (including perennial pepperweed, milfoil, and Asian clam) threatens the ecosystem of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(8) there is an ongoing threat to the econ-omy and ecosystem of the Lake Tahoe Basin of the introduction and establishment of other invasive species (such as yellow starthistle, New Zealand mud snail, Zebra mussel, and quagga mussel); ‘‘(9) 78 percent of the land in the Lake Tahoe Basin is administered by the Federal Government, which makes it a Federal re-sponsibility to restore ecological health to the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(10) the Federal Government has a long history of environmental stewardship at Lake Tahoe, including— ‘‘(A) congressional consent to the estab-lishment of the Planning Agency with— ‘‘(i) the enactment in 1969 of Public Law 91–148 (83 Stat. 360); and ‘‘(ii) the enactment in 1980 of Public Law 96–551 (94 Stat. 3233); ‘‘(B) the establishment of the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit in 1973; ‘‘(C) the enactment of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381) in 1980 to provide for the acquisi-tion of environmentally sensitive land and erosion control grants in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(D) the enactment of sections 341 and 342 of the Department of the Interior and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–108; 117 Stat. 1317), which amended the Southern Nevada Public Land Management Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–263; 112 Stat. 2346) to provide payments for the environmental restoration programs under this Act; and ‘‘(E) the enactment of section 382 of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 (Pub-lic Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3045), which amend-ed the Southern Nevada Public Land Man-agement Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–263; 112 Stat. 2346) to authorize development and im-plementation of a comprehensive 10-year hazardous fuels and fire prevention plan for the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(11) the Assistant Secretary was an origi-nal signatory in 1997 to the Agreement of Federal Departments on Protection of the Environment and Economic Health of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(12) the Chief of Engineers, under direc-tion from the Assistant Secretary, has con-tinued to be a significant contributor to Lake Tahoe Basin restoration, including— ‘‘(A) stream and wetland restoration; and ‘‘(B) programmatic technical assistance; ‘‘(13) at the Lake Tahoe Presidential Forum in 1997, the President renewed the commitment of the Federal Government to Lake Tahoe by— ‘‘(A) committing to increased Federal re-sources for ecological restoration at Lake Tahoe; and ‘‘(B) establishing the Federal Interagency Partnership and Federal Advisory Com-mittee to consult on natural resources issues concerning the Lake Tahoe Basin; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5641 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(14) at the 2011 and 2012 Lake Tahoe Fo-rums, Senator Reid, Senator Feinstein, Sen-ator Heller, Senator Ensign, Governor Gib-bons, Governor Sandoval, and Governor Brown— ‘‘(A) renewed their commitment to Lake Tahoe; and ‘‘(B) expressed their desire to fund the Fed-eral and State shares of the Environmental Improvement Program through 2022; ‘‘(15) since 1997, the Federal Government, the States of California and Nevada, units of local government, and the private sector have contributed more than $1,955,500,000 to the Lake Tahoe Basin, including— ‘‘(A) $635,400,000 from the Federal Govern-ment; ‘‘(B) $758,600,000 from the State of Cali-fornia; ‘‘(C) $123,700,000 from the State of Nevada; ‘‘(D) $98,900,000 from units of local govern-ment; and ‘‘(E) $338,900,000 from private interests; ‘‘(16) significant additional investment from Federal, State, local, and private sources is necessary— ‘‘(A) to restore and sustain the ecological health of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(B) to adapt to the impacts of fluctuating water temperature and precipitation; and ‘‘(C) to prevent the introduction and estab-lishment of invasive species in the Lake Tahoe Basin; and ‘‘(17) the Secretary has indicated that the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit has the capacity for at least $10,000,000 annually for the Fire Risk Reduction and Forest Manage-ment Program. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are— ‘‘(1) to enable the Chief of the Forest Serv-ice, the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Administrator, in cooperation with the Planning Agency and the States of California and Nevada, to fund, plan, and implement significant new environmental restoration activities and for-est management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(2) to ensure that Federal, State, local, regional, tribal, and private entities con-tinue to work together to manage land in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(3) to support local governments in efforts related to environmental restoration, stormwater pollution control, fire risk re-duction, and forest management activities; and ‘‘(4) to ensure that agency and science community representatives in the Lake Tahoe Basin work together— ‘‘(A) to develop and implement a plan for integrated monitoring, assessment, and ap-plied research to evaluate the effectiveness of the Environmental Improvement Pro-gram; and ‘‘(B) to provide objective information as a basis for ongoing decisionmaking, with an emphasis on decisionmaking relating to re-source management in the Lake Tahoe Basin.’’. 
SEC. 7622. DEFINITIONS. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 3 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works. ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—The term ‘Chair’ means the Chair of the Federal Partnership. ‘‘(4) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘Compact’ means the Tahoe Regional Planning Compact in-cluded in the first section of Public Law 96– 551 (94 Stat. 3233). ‘‘(5) DIRECTORS .—The term ‘Directors’ means— ‘‘(A) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and ‘‘(B) the Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey. ‘‘(6) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPROVEMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘Environmental Improve-ment Program’ means— ‘‘(A) the Environmental Improvement Pro-gram adopted by the Planning Agency; and ‘‘(B) any amendments to the Program. ‘‘(7) E
NVIRONMENTAL THRESHOLD CARRYING  
CAPACITY .—The term ‘environmental thresh-old carrying capacity’ has the meaning given the term in Article II of the Compact. ‘‘(8) F
EDERAL PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘Federal Partnership’ means the Lake Tahoe Federal Interagency Partnership established by Executive Order 13057 (62 Fed. Reg. 41249) (or a successor Executive order). ‘‘(9) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘forest management activity’ in-cludes— ‘‘(A) prescribed burning for ecosystem health and hazardous fuels reduction; ‘‘(B) mechanical and minimum tool treat-ment; ‘‘(C) stream environment zone restoration and other watershed and wildlife habitat en-hancements; ‘‘(D) nonnative invasive species manage-ment; and ‘‘(E) other activities consistent with For-est Service practices, as the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. ‘‘(10) M
APS.—The term ‘Maps’ means the maps— ‘‘(A) entitled— ‘‘(i) ‘LTRA USFS-CA Land Exchange/North Shore’; ‘‘(ii) ‘LTRA USFS-CA Land Exchange/West Shore’; and ‘‘(iii) ‘LTRA USFS-CA Land Exchange/ South Shore’; and ‘‘(B) dated January 4, 2016, and on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of— ‘‘(i) the Forest Service; ‘‘(ii) the California Tahoe Conservancy; and ‘‘(iii) the California Department of Parks and Recreation. ‘‘(11) N
ATIONAL WILDLAND FIRE CODE .—The term ‘national wildland fire code’ means— ‘‘(A) the most recent publication of the Na-tional Fire Protection Association codes numbered 1141, 1142, 1143, and 1144; ‘‘(B) the most recent publication of the International Wildland-Urban Interface Code of the International Code Council; or ‘‘(C) any other code that the Secretary de-termines provides the same, or better, stand-ards for protection against wildland fire as a code described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(12) P
LANNING AGENCY .—The term ‘Plan-ning Agency’ means the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency established under Public Law 91–148 (83 Stat. 360) and Public Law 96– 551 (94 Stat. 3233). ‘‘(13) P
RIORITY LIST .—The term ‘Priority List’ means the environmental restoration priority list developed under section 5(b). ‘‘(14) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(15) S
TREAM ENVIRONMENT ZONE .—The term ‘Stream Environment Zone’ means an area that generally owes the biological and physical characteristics of the area to the presence of surface water or groundwater. ‘‘(16) T
OTAL MAXIMUM DAILY LOAD .—The term ‘total maximum daily load’ means the total maximum daily load allocations adopt-ed under section 303(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313(d)). ‘‘(17) WATERCRAFT .—The term ‘watercraft’ means motorized and non-motorized watercraft, including boats, seaplanes, per-sonal watercraft, kayaks, and canoes.’’. 
SEC. 7623. IMPROVED ADMINISTRATION OF THE LAKE TAHOE BASIN MANAGEMENT UNIT. 
Section 4 of the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2353) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘basin’’ and inserting ‘‘Basin’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In conducting forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit, the Secretary shall, as appropriate, coordinate with the Adminis-trator and State and local agencies and orga-nizations, including local fire departments and volunteer groups. ‘‘(B) G
OALS .—The coordination of activi-ties under subparagraph (A) should aim to increase efficiencies and maximize the com-patibility of management practices across public property boundaries. ‘‘(2) M
ULTIPLE BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In conducting forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit, the Secretary shall conduct the activities in a manner that— ‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph (B), attains multiple ecosystem benefits, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) reducing forest fuels; ‘‘(II) maintaining biological diversity; ‘‘(III) improving wetland and water qual-ity, including in Stream Environment Zones; and ‘‘(IV) increasing resilience to changing water temperature and precipitation; and ‘‘(ii) helps achieve and maintain the envi-ronmental threshold carrying capacities es-tablished by the Planning Agency. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A)(i), the attainment of multiple ecosystem benefits shall not be required if the Secretary determines that management for multiple ecosystem benefits would exces-sively increase the cost of a program in rela-tion to the additional ecosystem benefits gained from the management activity. ‘‘(3) G
ROUND DISTURBANCE .—Consistent with applicable Federal law and Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit land and resource management plan direction, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) establish post-program ground condi-tion criteria for ground disturbance caused by forest management activities; and ‘‘(B) provide for monitoring to ascertain the attainment of the post-program condi-tions. ‘‘(d) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and paragraph (2), the Federal land lo-cated in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit is withdrawn from— ‘‘(A) all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; ‘‘(B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and ‘‘(C) disposition under all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—A conveyance of land shall be exempt from withdrawal under this subsection if carried out under— ‘‘(A) this Act; or ‘‘(B) Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381) (com-monly known as the ‘Santini-Burton Act’). ‘‘(e) E
NVIRONMENTAL THRESHOLD CARRYING  C
APACITY .—The Lake Tahoe Basin Manage-ment Unit shall support the attainment of the environmental threshold carrying capac-ities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5642 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(f) C OOPERATIVE AUTHORITIES .—During the 4 fiscal years following the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Secretary, in conjunction with land adjustment programs, may enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with States, units of local government, and other public and private entities to provide for fuel reduction, erosion control, reforest-ation, Stream Environment Zone restora-tion, and similar management activities on Federal land and non-Federal land within the programs.’’. 
SEC. 7624. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 5 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 5. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, the As-sistant Secretary, the Directors, and the Ad-ministrator, in coordination with the Plan-ning Agency and the States of California and Nevada, may carry out or provide financial assistance to any program that— ‘‘(1) is described in subsection (d); ‘‘(2) is included in the Priority List under subsection (b); and ‘‘(3) furthers the purposes of the Environ-mental Improvement Program if the pro-gram has been subject to environmental re-view and approval, respectively, as required under Federal law, Article VII of the Com-pact, and State law, as applicable. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITY LIST.— ‘‘(1) D
EADLINE .—Not later than March 15 of the year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Chair, in consultation with the Sec-retary, the Administrator, the Directors, the Planning Agency, the States of California and Nevada, the Federal Partnership, the Washoe Tribe, the Lake Tahoe Federal Advi-sory Committee, and the Tahoe Science Con-sortium (or a successor organization) shall submit to Congress a prioritized Environ-mental Improvement Program list for the Lake Tahoe Basin for the program categories described in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The ranking of the Priority List shall be based on the best available science and the following criteria: ‘‘(A) The 4-year threshold carrying capac-ity evaluation. ‘‘(B) The ability to measure progress or success of the program. ‘‘(C) The potential to significantly con-tribute to the achievement and maintenance of the environmental threshold carrying ca-pacities identified in Article II of the Com-pact. ‘‘(D) The ability of a program to provide multiple benefits. ‘‘(E) The ability of a program to leverage non-Federal contributions. ‘‘(F) Stakeholder support for the program. ‘‘(G) The justification of Federal interest. ‘‘(H) Agency priority. ‘‘(I) Agency capacity. ‘‘(J) Cost-effectiveness. ‘‘(K) Federal funding history. ‘‘(3) R
EVISIONS .—The Priority List sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be revised every 2 years. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts made avail-able under section 10(a), $80,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out projects listed on the Priority List. ‘‘(c) R
ESTRICTION .—The Administrator shall use not more than 3 percent of the funds provided under subsection (a) for ad-ministering the programs described in para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (d). ‘‘(d) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) F
IRE RISK REDUCTION AND FOREST MAN -
AGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $150,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out, including by making grants, the following programs: ‘‘(i) Programs identified as part of the Lake Tahoe Basin Multi-Jurisdictional Fuel Reduction and Wildfire Prevention Strategy 10-Year Plan. ‘‘(ii) Competitive grants for fuels work to be awarded by the Secretary to communities that have adopted national wildland fire codes to implement the applicable portion of the 10-year plan described in clause (i). ‘‘(iii) Biomass programs, including feasi-bility assessments. ‘‘(iv) Angora Fire Restoration under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. ‘‘(v) Washoe Tribe programs on tribal lands within the Lake Tahoe Basin. ‘‘(vi) Development of an updated Lake Tahoe Basin multijurisdictional fuel reduc-tion and wildfire prevention strategy, con-sistent with section 4(c). ‘‘(vii) Development of updated community wildfire protection plans by local fire dis-tricts. ‘‘(viii) Municipal water infrastructure that significantly improves the firefighting capa-bility of local government within the Lake Tahoe Basin. ‘‘(ix) Stewardship end result contracting projects carried out under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c). ‘‘(B) MINIMUM ALLOCATION .—Of the amounts made available to the Secretary to carry out subparagraph (A), at least $100,000,000 shall be used by the Secretary for programs under subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(C) P
RIORITY .—Units of local government that have dedicated funding for inspections and enforcement of defensible space regula-tions shall be given priority for amounts pro-vided under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition on the re-ceipt of funds, communities or local fire dis-tricts that receive funds under this para-graph shall provide a 25-percent match. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM OF NON -FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share required under clause (i) may be in the form of cash contributions or in-kind contribu-tions, including providing labor, equipment, supplies, space, and other operational needs. ‘‘(II) C
REDIT FOR CERTAIN DEDICATED FUND -
ING.—There shall be credited toward the non- Federal share required under clause (i) any dedicated funding of the communities or local fire districts for a fuels reduction man-agement program, defensible space inspec-tions, or dooryard chipping. ‘‘(III) D
OCUMENTATION .—Communities and local fire districts shall— ‘‘(aa) maintain a record of in-kind con-tributions that describes— ‘‘(AA) the monetary value of the in-kind contributions; and ‘‘(BB) the manner in which the in-kind contributions assist in accomplishing pro-gram goals and objectives; and ‘‘(bb) document in all requests for Federal funding, and include in the total program budget, evidence of the commitment to pro-vide the non-Federal share through in-kind contributions. ‘‘(2) I
NVASIVE SPECIES MANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $45,000,000 shall be made available to the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the Aquatic Invasive Species Program and the watercraft inspections described in sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .—The Di- rector of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary, the Planning Agency, the Cali-fornia Department of Fish and Wildlife, and the Nevada Department of Wildlife, shall de-ploy strategies consistent with the Lake Tahoe Aquatic Invasive Species Management Plan to prevent the introduction or spread of aquatic invasive species in the Lake Tahoe region. ‘‘(C) CRITERIA .—The strategies referred to in subparagraph (B) shall provide that— ‘‘(i) combined inspection and decontamina-tion stations be established and operated at not less than 2 locations in the Lake Tahoe region; and ‘‘(ii) watercraft not be allowed to launch in waters of the Lake Tahoe region if the watercraft has not been inspected in accord-ance with the Lake Tahoe Aquatic Invasive Species Management Plan. ‘‘(D) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Planning Agency may certify State and local agencies to per-form the decontamination activities de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i) at locations outside the Lake Tahoe Basin if standards at the sites meet or exceed standards for simi-lar sites in the Lake Tahoe Basin established under this paragraph. ‘‘(E) A
PPLICABILITY .—The strategies and criteria developed under this paragraph shall apply to all watercraft to be launched on water within the Lake Tahoe region. ‘‘(F) F
EES.—The Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service may collect and spend fees for decontamination only at a level sufficient to cover the costs of oper-ation of inspection and decontamination sta-tions under this paragraph. ‘‘(G) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any person that launches, attempts to launch, or facilitates launching of watercraft not in compliance with strategies deployed under this para-graph shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $1,000 per violation. ‘‘(ii) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Any penalties assessed under this subparagraph shall be separate from penalties assessed under any other authority. ‘‘(H) L
IMITATION .—The strategies and cri-teria under subparagraphs (B) and (C), re-spectively, may be modified if the Secretary of the Interior, in a nondelegable capacity and in consultation with the Planning Agen-cy and State governments, issues a deter-mination that alternative measures will be no less effective at preventing introduction of aquatic invasive species into Lake Tahoe than the strategies and criteria developed under subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively. ‘‘(I) S
UPPLEMENTAL AUTHORITY .—The au- thority under this paragraph is supplemental to all actions taken by non-Federal regu-latory authorities. ‘‘(J) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this title restricts, affects, or amends any other law or the authority of any department, instrumen-tality, or agency of the United States, or any State or political subdivision thereof, re-specting the control of invasive species. ‘‘(3) S
TORMWATER MANAGEMENT , EROSION  
CONTROL , AND TOTAL WATERSHED RESTORA -
TION.—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $113,000,000 shall be made avail-able— ‘‘(A) to the Secretary, the Secretary of the Interior, the Assistant Secretary, or the Ad-ministrator for the Federal share of stormwater management and related pro-grams consistent with the adopted Total Maximum Daily Load and near-shore water quality goals; ‘‘(B) for grants by the Secretary and the Administrator to carry out the programs de-scribed in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) to the Secretary or the Assistant Sec-retary for the Federal share of the Upper Truckee River restoration programs and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5643 September 13, 2016 
other watershed restoration programs identi-fied in the Priority List established under section 5(b); and ‘‘(D) for grants by the Administrator to carry out the programs described in subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL STATUS SPECIES MANAGE -
MENT .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $20,000,000 shall be made avail-able to the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the Lahontan Cutthroat Trout Recovery Program.’’. 
SEC. 7625. PROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND AC-COUNTABILITY. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 6 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 6. PROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND AC-COUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available to the Sec-retary to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) P
LANNING AGENCY .—Of the amounts de-scribed in paragraph (1), not less than 50 per-cent shall be made available to the Planning Agency to carry out the program oversight and coordination activities established under subsection (d). ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary, the Administrator, and the Directors shall, as appropriate and in a timely manner, consult with the heads of the Washoe Tribe, applicable Federal, State, re-gional, and local governmental agencies, and the Lake Tahoe Federal Advisory Com-mittee. ‘‘(c) C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS ; INTERAGENCY  A
GREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary may enter into interagency agreements with non-Federal interests in the Lake Tahoe Basin to use Lake Tahoe Partnership-Mis-cellaneous General Investigations funds to provide programmatic technical assistance for the Environmental Improvement Pro-gram. ‘‘(2) L
OCAL COOPERATION AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before providing tech-nical assistance under this section, the As-sistant Secretary shall enter into a local co-operation agreement with a non-Federal in-terest to provide for the technical assist-ance. ‘‘(B) C
OMPONENTS .—The agreement entered into under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) describe the nature of the technical as-sistance; ‘‘(ii) describe any legal and institutional structures necessary to ensure the effective long-term viability of the end products by the non-Federal interest; and ‘‘(iii) include cost-sharing provisions in ac-cordance with subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal share of pro-gram costs under each local cooperation agreement under this paragraph shall be 65 percent. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM.—The Federal share may be in the form of reimbursements of program costs. ‘‘(iii) C
REDIT .—The non-Federal interest may receive credit toward the non-Federal share for the reasonable costs of related technical activities completed by the non- Federal interest before entering into a local cooperation agreement with the Assistant Secretary under this paragraph. ‘‘(d) E
FFECTIVENESS EVALUATION AND MONI-
TORING .—In carrying out this Act, the Sec-retary, the Administrator, and the Directors, in coordination with the Planning Agency and the States of California and Nevada, shall— ‘‘(1) develop and implement a plan for inte-grated monitoring, assessment, and applied research to evaluate the effectiveness of the Environmental Improvement Program; ‘‘(2) include funds in each program funded under this section for monitoring and assess-ment of results at the program level; and ‘‘(3) use the integrated multiagency per-formance measures established under this section. ‘‘(e) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than March 15 of each year, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Chair, the Adminis-trator, the Directors, the Planning Agency, and the States of California and Nevada, con-sistent with subsection (a), shall submit to Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the status of all Federal, State, local, and private programs authorized under this Act, including to the maximum extent prac-ticable, for programs that will receive Fed-eral funds under this Act during the current or subsequent fiscal year— ‘‘(A) the program scope; ‘‘(B) the budget for the program; and ‘‘(C) the justification for the program, con-sistent with the criteria established in sec-tion 5(b)(2); ‘‘(2) Federal, State, local, and private ex-penditures in the preceding fiscal year to im-plement the Environmental Improvement Program; ‘‘(3) accomplishments in the preceding fis-cal year in implementing this Act in accord-ance with the performance measures and other monitoring and assessment activities; and ‘‘(4) public education and outreach efforts undertaken to implement programs author-ized under this Act. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN.—As part of the annual budget of the President, the Presi-dent shall submit information regarding each Federal agency involved in the Envi-ronmental Improvement Program (including the Forest Service, the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the United States Geologi-cal Survey, and the Corps of Engineers), in-cluding— ‘‘(1) an interagency crosscut budget that displays the proposed budget for use by each Federal agency in carrying out restoration activities relating to the Environmental Im-provement Program for the following fiscal year; ‘‘(2) a detailed accounting of all amounts received and obligated by Federal agencies to achieve the goals of the Environmental Improvement Program during the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) a description of the Federal role in the Environmental Improvement Program, in-cluding the specific role of each agency in-volved in the restoration of the Lake Tahoe Basin.’’. 
SEC. 7626. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS; UP-DATES TO RELATED LAWS. 
(a) L AKE TAHOE RESTORATION ACT.—The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended— (1) by striking sections 8 and 9; (2) by redesignating sections 10, 11, and 12 as sections 8, 9, and 10, respectively; and (3) in section 9 (as redesignated by para-graph (2)) by inserting ‘‘, Director, or Admin-istrator’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’. (b) T
AHOE REGIONAL PLANNING COMPACT .— Subsection (c) of Article V of the Tahoe Re-gional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3240) is amended in the third sen-tence by inserting ‘‘and, in so doing, shall ensure that the regional plan reflects chang-ing economic conditions and the economic effect of regulation on commerce’’ after ‘‘maintain the regional plan’’. (c) T
REATMENT UNDER TITLE 49, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Section 5303(r)(2)(C) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and 25 square miles of land area’’ after ‘‘145,000’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and 12 square miles of land area’’ after ‘‘65,000’’. SEC. 7627. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 10 (as redesignated by sec-tion 7626(a)(2)) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $415,000,000 for a period of 10 fiscal years beginning the first fiscal year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016. ‘‘(b) E
FFECT ON OTHER FUNDS .—Amounts authorized under this section and any amendments made by this Act— ‘‘(1) shall be in addition to any other amounts made available to the Secretary, the Administrator, or the Directors for ex-penditure in the Lake Tahoe Basin; and ‘‘(2) shall not reduce allocations for other Regions of the Forest Service, the Environ-mental Protection Agency, or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. ‘‘(c) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in subsection (d) and section 5(d)(1)(D), funds for activities carried out under section 5 shall be available for obliga-tion on a 1-to-1 basis with funding of restora-tion activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin by the States of California and Nevada. ‘‘(d) R
ELOCATION COSTS.—Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Secretary shall provide to local utility districts 
2⁄3of the costs of relo-cating facilities in connection with— ‘‘(1) environmental restoration programs under sections 5 and 6; and ‘‘(2) erosion control programs under sec-tion 2 of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381). ‘‘(e) S
IGNAGE .—To the maximum extent practicable, a program provided assistance under this Act shall include appropriate signage at the program site that— ‘‘(1) provides information to the public on— ‘‘(A) the amount of Federal funds being provided to the program; and ‘‘(B) this Act; and ‘‘(2) displays the visual identity mark of the Environmental Improvement Program.’’. 
SEC. 7628. LAND TRANSFERS TO IMPROVE MAN-AGEMENT EFFICIENCIES OF FED-ERAL AND STATE LAND. 
Section 3(b) of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3384) (commonly known as the ‘‘Santini-Bur-ton Act’’) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(b) Lands’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF ACQUIRED LAND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Land’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ALIFORNIA CONVEYANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the State of Cali-fornia (acting through the California Tahoe Conservancy and the California Department of Parks and Recreation) offers to donate to the United States the non-Federal land de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(i), the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) may accept the offer; and ‘‘(ii) convey to the State of California, sub-ject to valid existing rights and for no con-sideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .— ‘‘(i) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The non-Federal land referred to in subparagraph (A) in-cludes— ‘‘(I) the approximately 1,936 acres of land administered by the California Tahoe Con-servancy and identified on the Maps as ‘Tahoe Conservancy to the USFS’; and ‘‘(II) the approximately 183 acres of land administered by California State Parks and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5644 September 13, 2016 
identified on the Maps as ‘Total USFS to California’. ‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL LAND .—The Federal land re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) includes the approximately 1,995 acres of Forest Service land identified on the Maps as ‘U.S. Forest Service to Conservancy and State Parks’. ‘‘(C) C
ONDITIONS .—Any land conveyed under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) be for the purpose of consolidating Federal and State ownerships and improving management efficiencies; ‘‘(ii) not result in any significant changes in the uses of the land; and ‘‘(iii) be subject to the condition that the applicable deed include such terms, restric-tions, covenants, conditions, and reserva-tions as the Secretary determines nec-essary— ‘‘(I) to ensure compliance with this Act; and ‘‘(II) to ensure that the transfer of develop-ment rights associated with the conveyed parcels shall not be recognized or available for transfer under chapter 51 of the Code of Ordinances for the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency. ‘‘(D) C
ONTINUATION OF SPECIAL USE PER -
MITS.—The land conveyance under this para-graph shall be subject to the condition that the State of California accept all special use permits applicable, as of the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, to the land described in subpara-graph (B)(ii) for the duration of the special use permits, and subject to the terms and conditions of the special use permits. ‘‘(3) N
EVADA CONVEYANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with this section and on request by the Governor of Nevada, the Secretary may transfer the land or interests in land described in subpara-graph (B) to the State of Nevada without consideration, subject to appropriate deed restrictions to protect the environmental quality and public recreational use of the land transferred. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) includes— ‘‘(i) the approximately 38.68 acres of Forest Service land identified on the map entitled ‘State of Nevada Conveyances’ as ‘Van Sick-le Unit USFS Inholding’; and ‘‘(ii) the approximately 92.28 acres of For-est Service land identified on the map enti-tled ‘State of Nevada Conveyances’ as ‘Lake Tahoe Nevada State Park USFS Inholding’. ‘‘(C) C
ONDITIONS .—Any land conveyed under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) be for the purpose of consolidating Federal and State ownerships and improving management efficiencies; ‘‘(ii) not result in any significant changes in the uses of the land; and ‘‘(iii) be subject to the condition that the applicable deed include such terms, restric-tions, covenants, conditions, and reserva-tions as the Secretary determines nec-essary— ‘‘(I) to ensure compliance with this Act; and ‘‘(II) to ensure that the development rights associated with the conveyed parcels shall not be recognized or available for transfer under section 90.2 of the Code of Ordinances for the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency. ‘‘(D) C
ONTINUATION OF SPECIAL USE PER -
MITS.—The land conveyance under this para-graph shall be subject to the condition that the State of Nevada accept all special use permits applicable, as of the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, to the land described in subpara-graph (B)(ii) for the duration of the special use permits, and subject to the terms and conditions of the special use permits. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION FOR CONVEYANCE OF  
FOREST SERVICE URBAN LOTS .— ‘‘(A) CONVEYANCE AUTHORITY .—Except in the case of land described in paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary of Agriculture may convey any urban lot within the Lake Tahoe Basin under the administrative jurisdiction of the Forest Service. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—A conveyance under subparagraph (A) shall require consideration in an amount equal to the fair market value of the conveyed lot. ‘‘(C) A
VAILABILITY AND USE .—The proceeds from a conveyance under subparagraph (A) shall be retained by the Secretary of Agri-culture and used for— ‘‘(i) purchasing inholdings throughout the Lake Tahoe Basin; or ‘‘(ii) providing additional funds to carry out the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) in excess of amounts made available under section 10 of that Act. ‘‘(D) O
BLIGATION LIMIT .—The obligation and expenditure of proceeds retained under this paragraph shall be subject to such fiscal year limitation as may be specified in an Act making appropriations for the Forest Serv-ice for a fiscal year. ‘‘(5) R
EVERSION .—If a parcel of land trans-ferred under paragraph (2) or (3) is used in a manner that is inconsistent with the use de-scribed for the parcel of land in paragraph (2) or (3), respectively, the parcel of land, shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a) of the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351), $2,000,000 shall be made avail-able to the Secretary to carry out the activi-ties under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4). ‘‘(B) O
THER FUNDS .—Of the amounts avail-able to the Secretary under paragraph (1), not less than 50 percent shall be provided to the California Tahoe Conservancy to facili-tate the conveyance of land described in paragraphs (2) and (3).’’. PART III—LONG ISLAND SOUND RESTORATION 
SEC. 7631. RESTORATION AND STEWARDSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) L ONGISLAND SOUND RESTORATION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119 of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1269) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b), by striking the sub-section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘The Office shall’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) O
FFICE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) continue to carry out the conference study; and ‘‘(B) establish an office, to be located on or near Long Island Sound. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION AND STAFFING .—The Office shall’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Management Conference of the Long Island Sound Study’’ and inserting ‘‘conference study’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (A) through (G), by striking the commas at the end of the subparagraphs and inserting semicolons; (ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) environmental impacts on the Long Island Sound watershed, including— ‘‘(i) the identification and assessment of vulnerabilities in the watershed; ‘‘(ii) the development and implementation of adaptation strategies to reduce those vulnerabilities; and ‘‘(iii) the identification and assessment of the impacts of sea level rise on water qual-ity, habitat, and infrastructure; and ‘‘(K) planning initiatives for Long Island Sound that identify the areas that are most suitable for various types or classes of ac-tivities in order to reduce conflicts among uses, reduce adverse environmental impacts, facilitate compatible uses, or preserve crit-ical ecosystem services to meet economic, environmental, security, or social objec-tives;’’; (C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) develop and implement strategies to increase public education and awareness with respect to the ecological health and water quality conditions of Long Island Sound;’’; (D) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘study’’ after ‘‘conference’’; (E) in paragraph (6)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(including on the Inter-net)’’ after ‘‘the public’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘study’’ after ‘‘con-ference’’; and (F) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) monitor the progress made toward meeting the identified goals, actions, and schedules of the Comprehensive Conserva-tion and Management Plan, including through the implementation and support of a monitoring system for the ecological health and water quality conditions of Long Island Sound; and’’; (3) in subsection (d)(3), in the second sen-tence, by striking ‘‘50 per centum’’ and in-serting ‘‘60 percent’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (i); and (5) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, and bienni-ally thereafter, the Director of the Office, in consultation with the Governor of each Long Island Sound State, shall submit to Congress a report that— ‘‘(A) summarizes and assesses the progress made by the Office and the Long Island Sound States in implementing the Long Is-land Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan, including an assessment of the progress made toward meeting the performance goals and milestones contained in the Plan; ‘‘(B) assesses the key ecological attributes that reflect the health of the ecosystem of the Long Island Sound watershed; ‘‘(C) describes any substantive modifica-tions to the Long Island Sound Comprehen-sive Conservation and Management Plan made during the 2-year period preceding the date of submission of the report; ‘‘(D) provides specific recommendations to improve progress in restoring and protecting the Long Island Sound watershed, including, as appropriate, proposed modifications to the Long Island Sound Comprehensive Conserva-tion and Management Plan; ‘‘(E) identifies priority actions for imple-mentation of the Long Island Sound Com-prehensive Conservation and Management Plan for the 2-year period following the date of submission of the report; and ‘‘(F) describes the means by which Federal funding and actions will be coordinated with the actions of the Long Island Sound States and other entities. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Adminis-trator shall make the report described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5645 September 13, 2016 
paragraph (1) available to the public, includ-ing on the Internet. ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN.—The President shall submit, together with the annual budg-et of the United States Government sub-mitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information regarding each Federal department and agency in-volved in the protection and restoration of the Long Island Sound watershed, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) an interagency crosscut budget that displays for each department and agency— ‘‘(A) the amount obligated during the pre-ceding fiscal year for protection and restora-tion projects and studies relating to the wa-tershed; ‘‘(B) the estimated budget for the current fiscal year for protection and restoration projects and studies relating to the water-shed; and ‘‘(C) the proposed budget for succeeding fiscal years for protection and restoration projects and studies relating to the water-shed; and ‘‘(2) a summary of any proposed modifica-tions to the Long Island Sound Comprehen-sive Conservation and Management Plan for the following fiscal year. ‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION .—The Administrator shall coordinate the actions of all Federal departments and agencies that impact water quality in the Long Island Sound watershed in order to improve the water quality and living resources of the watershed. ‘‘(2) M
ETHODS .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Administrator, acting through the Director of the Office, may— ‘‘(A) enter into interagency agreements; and ‘‘(B) make intergovernmental personnel appointments. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL PARTICIPATION IN WATERSHED  
PLANNING .—A Federal department or agency that owns or occupies real property, or car-ries out activities, within the Long Island Sound watershed shall participate in re-gional and subwatershed planning, protec-tion, and restoration activities with respect to the watershed. ‘‘(4) C
ONSISTENCY WITH COMPREHENSIVE CON -
SERVATION AND MANAGEMENT PLAN .—To the maximum extent practicable, the head of each Federal department and agency that owns or occupies real property, or carries out activities, within the Long Island Sound watershed shall ensure that the property and all activities carried out by the department or agency are consistent with the Long Is-land Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan (including any related subsequent agreements and plans).’’. (b) L
ONGISLAND SOUND STEWARDSHIP PRO-
GRAM .— (1) L
ONG ISLAND SOUND STEWARDSHIP ADVI -
SORY COMMITTEE .—Section 8 of the Long Is-land Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) is amended— (A) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to— ‘‘(1) the Advisory Committee; or ‘‘(2) any board, committee, or other group established under this Act.’’. (2) R
EPORTS .—Section 9(b)(1) of the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (3) A
UTHORIZATION .—Section 11 of the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); (B) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (a) through (c), re-spectively; and (C) in subsection (a) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘under this section each’’ and in-serting ‘‘to carry out this Act for a’’. (4) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection take effect on Octo-ber 1, 2011. 
SEC. 7632. REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator such sums as are necessary for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 for the implementation of— (1) section 119 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1269), other than subsection (d) of that section; and (2) the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109– 359). (b) L
ONGISLAND SOUND GRANTS .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Admin-istrator to carry out section 119(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1269(d)) $40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. (c) L
ONG ISLAND SOUND STEWARDSHIP  G
RANTS .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Administrator to carry out the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. PART IV—DELAWARE RIVER BASIN CONSERVATION 
SEC. 7641. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Delaware River Basin is a national treasure of great cultural, environmental, ecological, and economic importance; (2) the Basin contains over 12,500 square miles of land in the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania, includ-ing nearly 800 square miles of bay and more than 2,000 tributary rivers and streams; (3) the Basin is home to more than 8,000,000 people who depend on the Delaware River and the Delaware Bay as an economic en-gine, a place of recreation, and a vital habi-tat for fish and wildlife; (4) the Basin provides clean drinking water to more than 15,000,000 people, including New York City, which relies on the Basin for ap-proximately half of the drinking water sup-ply of the city, and Philadelphia, whose most significant threat to the drinking water sup-ply of the city is loss of forests and other natural cover in the Upper Basin, according to a study conducted by the Philadelphia Water Department; (5) the Basin contributes $25,000,000,000 an-nually in economic activity, provides $21,000,000,000 in ecosystem goods and serv-ices per year, and is directly or indirectly re-sponsible for 600,000 jobs with $10,000,000,000 in annual wages; (6) almost 180 species of fish and wildlife are considered special status species in the Basin due to habitat loss and degradation, particularly sturgeon, eastern oyster, horse-shoe crabs, and red knots, which have been identified as unique species in need of habi-tat improvement; (7) the Basin provides habitat for over 200 resident and migrant fish species, includes significant recreational fisheries, and is an important source of eastern oyster, blue crab, and the largest population of the Amer-ican horseshoe crab; (8) the annual dockside value of commer-cial eastern oyster fishery landings for the Delaware Estuary is nearly $4,000,000, mak-ing it the fourth most lucrative fishery in the Delaware River Basin watershed, and proven management strategies are available to increase oyster habitat, abundance, and harvest; (9) the Delaware Bay has the second larg-est concentration of shorebirds in North America and is designated as one of the 4 most important shorebird migration sites in the world; (10) the Basin, 50 percent of which is for-ested, also has over 700,000 acres of wetland, more than 126,000 acres of which are recog-nized as internationally important, resulting in a landscape that provides essential eco-system services, including recreation, com-mercial, and water quality benefits; (11) much of the remaining exemplary nat-ural landscape in the Basin is vulnerable to further degradation, as the Basin gains ap-proximately 10 square miles of developed land annually, and with new development, urban watersheds are increasingly covered by impervious surfaces, amplifying the quan-tity of polluted runoff into rivers and streams; (12) the Delaware River is the longest undammed river east of the Mississippi; a critical component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System in the Northeast, with more than 400 miles designated; home to one of the most heavily visited National Park units in the United States, the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area; and the location of 6 National Wildlife Refuges; (13) the Delaware River supports an inter-nationally renowned cold water fishery in more than 80 miles of its northern head-waters that attracts tens of thousands of visitors each year and generates over $21,000,000 in annual revenue through tour-ism and recreational activities; (14) management of water volume in the Basin is critical to flood mitigation and habitat for fish and wildlife, and following 3 major floods along the Delaware River since 2004, the Governors of the States of Dela-ware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsyl-vania have called for natural flood damage reduction measures to combat the problem, including restoring the function of riparian corridors; (15) the Delaware River Port Complex (in-cluding docking facilities in the States of Delaware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania) is one of the largest freshwater ports in the world, the Port of Philadelphia handles the largest volume of international tonnage and 70 percent of the oil shipped to the East Coast, and the Port of Wilmington, a full- service deepwater port and marine terminal supporting more than 12,000 jobs, is the busi-est terminal on the Delaware River, handling more than 400 vessels per year with an an-nual import/export cargo tonnage of more than 4,000,000 tons; (16) the Delaware Estuary, where fresh-water from the Delaware River mixes with saltwater from the Atlantic Ocean, is one of the largest and most complex of the 28 estu-aries in the National Estuary Program, and the Partnership for the Delaware Estuary works to improve the environmental health of the Delaware Estuary; (17) the Delaware River Basin Commission is a Federal-interstate compact government agency charged with overseeing a unified ap-proach to managing the river system and im-plementing important water resources man-agement projects and activities throughout the Basin that are in the national interest; (18) restoration activities in the Basin are supported through several Federal and State agency programs, and funding for those im-portant programs should continue and com-plement the establishment of the Delaware River Basin Restoration Program, which is intended to build on and help coordinate res-toration and protection funding mechanisms at the Federal, State, regional, and local lev-els; and (19) the existing and ongoing voluntary conservation efforts in the Delaware River 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5646 September 13, 2016 
Basin necessitate improved efficiency and cost effectiveness, as well as increased pri-vate-sector investments and coordination of Federal and non-Federal resources. 
SEC. 7642. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) B
ASIN.—The term ‘‘Basin’’ means the 4- State Delaware Basin region, including all of Delaware Bay and portions of the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Penn-sylvania located in the Delaware River wa-tershed. (2) B
ASIN STATE .—The term ‘‘Basin State’’ means each of the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. (3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. (4) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Foun-dation, a congressionally chartered founda-tion established by section 2 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701). (5) G
RANT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘grant pro-gram’’ means the voluntary Delaware River Basin Restoration Grant Program estab-lished under section 7644. (6) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the nonregulatory Delaware River Basin res-toration program established under section 7643. (7) R
ESTORATION AND PROTECTION .—The term ‘‘restoration and protection’’ means the conservation, stewardship, and enhance-ment of habitat for fish and wildlife to pre-serve and improve ecosystems and ecological processes on which they depend, and for use and enjoyment by the public. (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director. (9) S
ERVICE .—The term ‘‘Service’’ means the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
SEC. 7643. PROGRAM ESTABLISHMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a nonregula-tory program to be known as the ‘‘Delaware River Basin restoration program’’. (b) D
UTIES .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall— (1) draw on existing and new management plans for the Basin, or portions of the Basin, and work in consultation with applicable management entities, including representa-tives of the Partnership for the Delaware Es-tuary, the Delaware River Basin Commis-sion, the Federal Government, and other State and local governments, and regional and nonprofit organizations, as appropriate, to identify, prioritize, and implement res-toration and protection activities within the Basin; (2) adopt a Basinwide strategy that— (A) supports the implementation of a shared set of science-based restoration and protection activities developed in accordance with paragraph (1); (B) targets cost-effective projects with measurable results; and (C) maximizes conservation outcomes with no net gain of Federal full-time equivalent employees; and (3) establish the voluntary grant and tech-nical assistance programs in accordance with section 7644. (c) C
OORDINATION .—In establishing the pro-gram, the Secretary shall consult, as appro-priate, with— (1) the heads of Federal agencies, includ-ing— (A) the Administrator; (B) the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) the Chief of the Natural Resources Con-servation Service; (D) the Chief of Engineers; and (E) the head of any other applicable agen-cy; (2) the Governors of the Basin States; (3) the Partnership for the Delaware Estu-ary; (4) the Delaware River Basin Commission; (5) fish and wildlife joint venture partner-ships; and (6) other public agencies and organizations with authority for the planning and imple-mentation of conservation strategies in the Basin. (d) PURPOSES .—The purposes of the pro-gram include— (1) coordinating restoration and protection activities among Federal, State, local, and regional entities and conservation partners throughout the Basin; and (2) carrying out coordinated restoration and protection activities, and providing for technical assistance throughout the Basin and Basin States— (A) to sustain and enhance fish and wildlife habitat restoration and protection activities; (B) to improve and maintain water quality to support fish and wildlife, as well as the habitats of fish and wildlife, and drinking water for people; (C) to sustain and enhance water manage-ment for volume and flood damage mitiga-tion improvements to benefit fish and wild-life habitat; (D) to improve opportunities for public ac-cess and recreation in the Basin consistent with the ecological needs of fish and wildlife habitat; (E) to facilitate strategic planning to maximize the resilience of natural systems and habitats under changing watershed con-ditions; (F) to engage the public through outreach, education, and citizen involvement, to in-crease capacity and support for coordinated restoration and protection activities in the Basin; (G) to increase scientific capacity to sup-port the planning, monitoring, and research activities necessary to carry out coordinated restoration and protection activities; and (H) to provide technical assistance to carry out restoration and protection activities in the Basin. 
SEC. 7644. GRANTS AND ASSISTANCE. 
(a) D ELAWARE RIVER BASIN RESTORATION  G
RANT PROGRAM .—To the extent that funds are available to carry out this section, the Secretary shall establish a voluntary grant and technical assistance program to be known as the ‘‘Delaware River Basin Res-toration Grant Program’’ to provide com-petitive matching grants of varying amounts to State and local governments, nonprofit organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, and other eligible entities to carry out activities described in section 7643(d). (b) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the organizations described in sec-tion 7643(c), shall develop criteria for the grant program to help ensure that activities funded under this section accomplish one or more of the purposes identified in section 7643(d)(2) and advance the implementation of priority actions or needs identified in the Basinwide strategy adopted under section 7643(b)(2). (c) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project funded under the grant program shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the activity, as determined by the Secretary. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share of the cost of a project funded under the grant program may be provided in cash or in the form of an in-kind contribution of services or materials. (d) ADMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into an agreement to manage the grant pro-gram with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation or a similar organization that offers grant management services. (2) F
UNDING .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement under paragraph (1), the orga-nization selected shall— (A) for each fiscal year, receive amounts to carry out this section in an advance pay-ment of the entire amount on October 1, or as soon as practicable thereafter, of that fis-cal year; (B) invest and reinvest those amounts for the benefit of the grant program; and (C) otherwise administer the grant pro-gram to support partnerships between the public and private sectors in accordance with this part. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement with the Foundation under paragraph (1), any amounts received by the Foundation under this section shall be subject to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), excluding section 10(a) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 3709(a)). 
SEC. 7645. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually there-after, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of this part, including a description of each project that has received funding under this part. 
SEC. 7646. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this part $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022. (b) U
SE.—Of any amount made available under this section for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall use at least 75 percent to carry out the grant program under section 7644 and to provide, or provide for, technical assistance under that program. PART V—COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORATION 
SEC. 7651. COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORA-TION. 
Title I of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 123. COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORA-TION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OLUMBIA RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘Co-lumbia River Basin’ means the entire United States portion of the Columbia River water-shed. ‘‘(2) E
STUARY PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘Es-tuary Partnership’ means the Lower Colum-bia Estuary Partnership, an entity created by the States of Oregon and Washington and the Environmental Protection Agency under section 320. ‘‘(3) E
STUARY PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Estuary Plan’ means the Estuary Partnership Comprehen-sive Conservation and Management Plan adopted by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Governors of Oregon and Washington on October 20, 1999, under sec-tion 320. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Estuary Plan’ includes any amendments to the plan. ‘‘(4) L
OWER COLUMBIA RIVER ESTUARY .—The term ‘Lower Columbia River Estuary’ means the mainstem Columbia River from the Bon-neville Dam to the Pacific Ocean and tidally influenced portions of tributaries to the Co-lumbia River in that region. ‘‘(5) M
IDDLE AND UPPER COLUMBIA RIVER  
BASIN .—The term ‘Middle and Upper Colum-bia River Basin’ means the region consisting of the United States portion of the Columbia River Basin above Bonneville Dam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5647 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(6) P ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the Columbia River Basin Restoration Pro-gram established under subsection (b)(1)(A). ‘‘(b) C
OLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORATION  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish within the Environmental Protec-tion Agency a Columbia River Basin Res-toration Program. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .— ‘‘(i) The establishment of the Program does not modify any legal or regulatory authority or program in effect as of the date of enact-ment of this section, including the roles of Federal agencies in the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(ii) This section does not create any new regulatory authority. ‘‘(2) S
COPE OF PROGRAM .—The Program shall consist of a collaborative stakeholder- based program for environmental protection and restoration activities throughout the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) assess trends in water quality, includ-ing trends that affect uses of the water of the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(B) collect, characterize, and assess data on water quality to identify possible causes of environmental problems; and ‘‘(C) provide grants in accordance with sub-section (d) for projects that assist in— ‘‘(i) eliminating or reducing pollution; ‘‘(ii) cleaning up contaminated sites; ‘‘(iii) improving water quality; ‘‘(iv) monitoring to evaluate trends; ‘‘(v) reducing runoff; ‘‘(vi) protecting habitat; or ‘‘(vii) promoting citizen engagement or knowledge. ‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDER WORKING GROUP .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a Columbia River Basin Res-toration Working Group (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Working Group’). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Membership in the Working Group shall be on a voluntary basis and any person invited by the Administrator under this subsection may decline member-ship. ‘‘(B) I
NVITED REPRESENTATIVES .—The Ad- ministrator shall invite, at a minimum, rep-resentatives of— ‘‘(i) each State located in whole or in part within the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ii) the Governors of each State located in whole or in part with the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(iii) each federally recognized Indian tribe in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(iv) local governments located in the Co-lumbia River Basin; ‘‘(v) industries operating in the Columbia River Basin that affect or could affect water quality; ‘‘(vi) electric, water, and wastewater utili-ties operating in the Columba River Basin; ‘‘(vii) private landowners in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(viii) soil and water conservation districts in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ix) nongovernmental organizations that have a presence in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(x) the general public in the Columbia River Basin; and ‘‘(xi) the Estuary Partnership. ‘‘(3) G
EOGRAPHIC REPRESENTATION .—The Working Group shall include representatives from— ‘‘(A) each State; and ‘‘(B) each of the Lower, Middle, and Upper Basins of the Columbia River. ‘‘(4) D
UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Working Group shall— ‘‘(A) recommend and prioritize projects and actions; and ‘‘(B) review the progress and effectiveness of projects and actions implemented. ‘‘(5) LOWER COLUMBIA RIVER ESTUARY .— ‘‘(A) E
STUARY PARTNERSHIP .—The Estuary Partnership shall perform the duties and ful-fill the responsibilities of the Working Group described in paragraph (4) as those duties and responsibilities relate to the Lower Co-lumbia River Estuary for such time as the Estuary Partnership is the management con-ference for the Lower Columbia River Na-tional Estuary Program under section 320. ‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—If the Estuary Partner-ship ceases to be the management conference for the Lower Columbia River National Estu-ary Program under section 320, the Adminis-trator may designate the new management conference to assume the duties and respon-sibilities of the Working Group described in paragraph (4) as those duties and responsibil-ities relate to the Lower Columbia River Es-tuary. ‘‘(C) I
NCORPORATION .—If the Estuary Part-nership is removed from the National Estu-ary Program, the duties and responsibilities for the lower 146 miles of the Columbia River pursuant to this Act shall be incorporated into the duties of the Working Group. ‘‘(d) G
RANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a voluntary, competitive Columbia River Basin program to provide grants to State governments, tribal governments, re-gional water pollution control agencies and entities, local government entities, non-governmental entities, or soil and water con-servation districts to develop or implement projects authorized under this section for the purpose of environmental protection and res-toration activities throughout the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Federal share of the cost of any project or activity carried out using funds from a grant provided to any person (including a State, tribal, or local government or interstate or regional agency) under this subsection for a fiscal year— ‘‘(i) shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the project or activity; and ‘‘(ii) shall be made on condition that the non-Federal share of that total cost shall be provided from non-Federal sources. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—With respect to cost- sharing for a grant provided under this sub-section— ‘‘(i) a tribal government may use Federal funds for the non-Federal share; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator may increase the Federal share under such circumstances as the Administrator determines to be appro-priate. ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION .—In making grants using funds appropriated to carry out this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) provide not less than 25 percent of the funds to make grants for projects, programs, and studies in the Lower Columbia River Es-tuary; ‘‘(B) provide not less than 25 percent of the funds to make grants for projects, programs, and studies in the Middle and Upper Colum-bia River Basin, which includes the Snake River Basin; and ‘‘(C) retain for Environmental Protection Agency not more than 5 percent of the funds for purposes of implementing this section. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each grant recipient under this subsection shall submit to the Ad-ministrator reports on progress being made in achieving the purposes of this section. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall establish requirements and timelines for recipients of grants under this subsection to report on progress made in achieving the purposes of this section. ‘‘(5) RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this sub-section limits the eligibility of the Estuary Partnership to receive funding under section 320(g). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds made available under this subsection may be used for the administration of a management con-ference under section 320. ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN.—The President, as part of the annual budget submission of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall submit information regarding each Federal agency involved in protection and restora-tion of the Columbia River Basin, including an interagency crosscut budget that displays for each Federal agency— ‘‘(1) the amounts obligated for the pre-ceding fiscal year for protection and restora-tion projects, programs, and studies relating to the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(2) the estimated budget for the current fiscal year for protection and restoration projects, programs, and studies relating to the Columbia River Basin; and ‘‘(3) the proposed budget for protection and restoration projects, programs, and studies relating to the Columbia River Basin.’’. Subtitle G—Innovative Water Infrastructure Workforce Development 
SEC. 7701. INNOVATIVE WATER INFRASTRUC-TURE WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Adminis-trator shall establish a competitive grant program to assist the development of innova-tive activities relating to workforce develop-ment in the water utility sector. (b) S
ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .—In awarding grants under subsection (a), the Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable, select water utilities that— (1) are geographically diverse; (2) address the workforce and human re-sources needs of large and small public water and wastewater utilities; (3) address the workforce and human re-sources needs of urban and rural public water and wastewater utilities; (4) advance training relating to construc-tion, utility operations, treatment and dis-tribution, green infrastructure, customer service, maintenance, and engineering; and (5)(A) have a high retiring workforce rate; or (B) are located in areas with a high unem-ployment rate. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under subsection (a) may be used for activities such as— (1) targeted internship, apprenticeship, preapprenticeship, and post-secondary bridge programs for mission-critical skilled trades, in collaboration with labor organizations, community colleges, and other training and education institutions that provide— (A) on-the-job training; (B) soft and hard skills development; (C) test preparation for skilled trade ap-prenticeships; or (D) other support services to facilitate post-secondary success; (2) kindergarten through 12th grade and young adult education programs that— (A) educate young people about the role of water and wastewater utilities in the com-munities of the young people; (B) increase the career awareness and expo-sure of the young people to water utility ca-reers through various work-based learning opportunities inside and outside the class-room; and (C) connect young people to post-secondary career pathways related to water utilities; (3) regional industry and workforce devel-opment collaborations to identify water util-ity employment needs, map existing career 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5648 September 13, 2016 
pathways, support the development of cur-ricula, facilitate the sharing of resources, and coordinate candidate development, staff preparedness efforts, and activities that en-gage and support— (A) water utilities employers; (B) educational and training institutions; (C) local community-based organizations; (D) public workforce agencies; and (E) other related stakeholders; (4) integrated learning laboratories embed-ded in high schools or other secondary edu-cational institutions that provide students with— (A) hands-on, contextualized learning op-portunities; (B) dual enrollment credit for post-sec-ondary education and training programs; and (C) direct connection to industry employ-ers; and (5) leadership development, occupational training, mentoring, or cross-training pro-grams that ensure that incumbent water and wastewater utilities workers are prepared for higher-level supervisory or management- level positions. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out this section $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. Subtitle H—Offset 
SEC. 7801. OFFSET. 
None of the funds available to the Sec-retary of Energy to provide any credit sub-sidy under subsection (d) of section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013) as of the date of enact-ment of this Act shall be obligated for new loan commitments under that subsection on or after October 1, 2020. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 8001. APPROVAL OF STATE PROGRAMS FOR CONTROL OF COAL COMBUSTION RESIDUALS. 
Section 4005 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6945) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
TATE PROGRAMS FOR CONTROL OF  C
OALCOMBUSTION RESIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL BY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each State may submit to the Administrator, in such form as the Administrator may establish, evidence of a permit program or other system of prior ap-proval and conditions under State law for regulation by the State of coal combustion residual units that are located in the State in lieu of a Federal program under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a State submits the evidence described in subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall approve, in whole or in part, a permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions submitted under subparagraph (A) if the Administrator determines that the program or other sys-tem requires each coal combustion residual unit located in the State to achieve compli-ance with— ‘‘(i) the applicable criteria for coal com-bustion residual units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), promulgated pursuant to sec-tions 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a); or ‘‘(ii) such other State criteria that the Ad-ministrator, after consultation with the State, determines to be at least as protective as the criteria described in clause (i). ‘‘(C) P
ERMIT REQUIREMENTS .—The Adminis-trator may approve under subparagraph (B)(ii) a State permit program or other sys-tem of prior approval and conditions that al-lows a State to include technical standards for individual permits or conditions of ap-proval that differ from the technical stand-ards under part 257 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), if, based on site-specific conditions, the tech-nical standards established pursuant to an approved State program or other system are at least as protective as the technical stand-ards under that part. ‘‘(D) WITHDRAWAL OF APPROVAL .— ‘‘(i) P
ROGRAM REVIEW .—The Administrator shall review programs or other systems ap-proved under subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(I) from time to time, but not less fre-quently than once every 5 years; or ‘‘(II) on request of any State. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION AND OPPORTUNITY FOR A  
PUBLIC HEARING .—The Administrator shall provide to the relevant State notice and an opportunity for a public hearing if the Ad-ministrator determines that— ‘‘(I) a revision or correction to the permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions of the State is required for the State to achieve compliance with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B); ‘‘(II) the State has not adopted and imple-mented an adequate permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions for each coal combustion residual unit located in the State to ensure compliance with the requirements of subparagraph (B); or ‘‘(III) the State has, at any time, approved or failed to revoke a permit under this sub-section that would lead to the violation of a law to protect human health or the environ-ment of any other State. ‘‘(iii) W
ITHDRAWAL .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall withdraw approval of a State permit pro-gram or other system of prior approval and conditions if, after the Administrator pro-vides notice and an opportunity for a public hearing to the relevant State under clause (ii), the Administrator determines that the State has not corrected the deficiency. ‘‘(II) R
EINSTATEMENT OF STATE APPROVAL .— Any withdrawal of approval under subclause (I) shall cease to be effective on the date on which the Administrator makes a determina-tion that the State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions com-plies with the requirements of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(2) N
ONPARTICIPATING STATES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF NONPARTICIPATING  
STATE .—In this paragraph, the term ‘non-participating State’ means a State— ‘‘(i) for which the Administrator has not approved a State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions under paragraph (1)(B); ‘‘(ii) the Governor of which has not sub-mitted to the Administrator for approval evidence to operate a State permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions under paragraph (1)(A); ‘‘(iii) the Governor of which has provided notice to the Administrator that, not fewer than 90 days after the date on which the Gov-ernor provides notice to the Administrator, the State relinquishes an approval under paragraph (1)(B) to operate a permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions; or ‘‘(iv) for which the Administrator has withdrawn approval for a permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions under paragraph (1)(D)(iii). ‘‘(B) P
ERMIT PROGRAM .—In the case of a nonparticipating State for which the Admin-istrator makes a determination that the nonparticipating State lacks the capacity to implement a permit program or other sys-tem of prior approval and conditions and subject to the availability of appropriations, the Administrator may implement a permit program to require each coal combustion re-sidual unit located in the nonparticipating State to achieve compliance with applicable criteria established by the Administrator under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(3) APPLICABILITY OF CRITERIA .—The ap- plicable criteria for coal combustion residual units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a), shall apply to each coal combus-tion residual unit in a State unless— ‘‘(A) a permit under a State permit pro-gram or other system of prior approval and conditions approved by the Administrator under paragraph (1)(B) is in effect; or ‘‘(B) a permit issued by the Administrator in a State in which the Administrator is im-plementing a permit program under para-graph (2)(B) is in effect. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION ON OPEN DUMPING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B)(i) and subject to subpara-graph (B)(ii), the Administrator may use the authority provided by sections 3007 and 3008 to enforce the prohibition against open dumping contained in subsection (a) with re-spect to a coal combustion residual unit. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL ENFORCEMENT IN APPROVED  
STATE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a coal com-bustion residual unit located in a State that is approved to operate a permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions under paragraph (1)(B), the Adminis-trator may commence an administrative or judicial enforcement action under section 3008 if— ‘‘(I) the State requests that the Adminis-trator provide assistance in the performance of the enforcement action; or ‘‘(II) after consideration of any other ad-ministrative or judicial enforcement action involving the coal combustion residual unit, the Administrator determines that an en-forcement action is likely to be necessary to ensure that the coal combustion residual unit is operating in accordance with the cri-teria established under the permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—In the case of an en-forcement action by the Administrator under clause (i)(II), before issuing an order or commencing a civil action, the Adminis-trator shall notify the State in which the coal combustion residual unit is located. ‘‘(iii) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than December 31, 2017, and December 31 of each year thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report that describes any enforcement action com-menced under clause (i)(II), including a de-scription of the basis for the enforcement ac-tion. ‘‘(5) I
NDIAN COUNTRY .—The Administrator may establish and carry out a permit pro-gram, in accordance with this subsection, for coal combustion residual units in Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code) to require each coal combustion residual unit located in Indian country to achieve compliance with the ap-plicable criteria established by the Adminis-trator under part 257 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF COAL COMBUSTION RESID -
UAL UNITS .—A coal combustion residual unit shall be considered to be a sanitary landfill for purposes of subsection (a) only if the coal combustion residual unit is operating in ac-cordance with— ‘‘(A) the requirements established pursu-ant to a program for which an approval is provided by— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5649 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(i) the State in accordance with a pro-gram or system approved under paragraph (1)(B); or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator pursuant to para-graph (2)(B) or paragraph (5); or ‘‘(B) the applicable criteria for coal com-bustion residual units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), promulgated pursuant to sec-tions 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a). ‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection affects any authority, regu-latory determination, other law, or legal ob-ligation in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2016.’’. 
SEC. 8002. CHOCTAW NATION OF OKLAHOMA AND THE CHICKASAW NATION WATER SETTLEMENT. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to permanently resolve and settle those claims to Settlement Area Waters of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma and the Chick-asaw Nation as set forth in the Settlement Agreement and this section, including all claims or defenses in and to Chickasaw Na-tion, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11– 927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any future stream adjudication; (2) to approve, ratify, and confirm the Set-tlement Agreement; (3) to authorize and direct the Secretary of the Interior to execute the Settlement Agreement and to perform all obligations of the Secretary of the Interior under the Set-tlement Agreement and this section; (4) to approve, ratify, and confirm the amended storage contract among the State, the City and the Trust; (5) to authorize and direct the Secretary to approve the amended storage contract for the Corps of Engineers to perform all obliga-tions under the 1974 storage contract, the amended storage contract, and this section; and (6) to authorize all actions necessary for the United States to meet its obligations under the Settlement Agreement, the amended storage contract, and this section. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) 1974 
STORAGE CONTRACT .—The term ‘‘1974 storage contract’’ means the contract approved by the Secretary on April 9, 1974, between the Secretary and the Water Con-servation Storage Commission of the State of Oklahoma pursuant to section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), and other applicable Federal law. (2) 2010 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘2010 agree-ment’’ means the agreement entered into among the OWRB and the Trust, dated June 15, 2010, relating to the assignment by the State of the 1974 storage contract and trans-fer of rights, title, interests, and obligations under that contract to the Trust, including the interests of the State in the conservation storage capacity and associated repayment obligations to the United States. (3) A
DMINISTRATIVE SET -ASIDE SUB -
CONTRACTS .—The term ‘‘administrative set- aside subcontracts’’ means the subcontracts the City shall issue for the use of Conserva-tion Storage Capacity in Sardis Lake as pro-vided by section 4 of the amended storage contract. (4) A
LLOTMENT .—The term ‘‘allotment’’ means the land within the Settlement Area held by an allottee subject to a statutory re-striction on alienation or held by the United States in trust for the benefit of an allottee. (5) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘allottee’’ means an enrolled member of the Choctaw Nation or citizen of the Chickasaw Nation who, or whose estate, holds an interest in an allot-ment. (6) AMENDED PERMIT APPLICATION .—The term ‘‘amended permit application’’ means the permit application of the City to the OWRB, No. 2007–17, as amended as provided by the Settlement Agreement. (7) A
MENDED STORAGE CONTRACT TRANSFER  
AGREEMENT ; AMENDED STORAGE CONTRACT .— The terms ‘‘amended storage contract trans-fer agreement’’ and ‘‘amended storage con-tract’’ mean the 2010 Agreement between the City, the Trust, and the OWRB, as amended, as provided by the Settlement Agreement and this section. (8) A
TOKA AND SARDIS CONSERVATION  
PROJECTS FUND .—The term ‘‘Atoka and Sar-dis Conservation Projects Fund’’ means the Atoka and Sardis Conservation Projects Fund established, funded, and managed in accordance with the Settlement Agreement. (9) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means the City of Oklahoma City, or the City and the Trust acting jointly, as applicable. (10) C
ITY PERMIT .—The term ‘‘City permit’’ means any permit issued to the City by the OWRB pursuant to the amended permit ap-plication and consistent with the Settlement Agreement. (11) C
ONSERVATION STORAGE CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘conservation storage capacity’’ means the total storage space as stated in the 1974 storage contract in Sardis Lake between ele-vations 599.0 feet above mean sea level and 542.0 feet above mean sea level, which is esti-mated to contain 297,200 acre-feet of water after adjustment for sediment deposits, and which may be used for municipal and indus-trial water supply, fish and wildlife, and recreation. (12) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date on which the Secretary of the Interior publishes in the Federal Register a notice certifying that the conditions of subsection (i) have been satis-fied. (13) F
UTURE USE STORAGE .—The term ‘‘fu-ture use storage’’ means that portion of the conservation storage capacity that was des-ignated by the 1974 Contract to be utilized for future water use storage and was esti-mated to contain 155,500 acre feet of water after adjustment for sediment deposits, or 52.322 percent of the conservation storage ca-pacity. (14) N
ATIONS .—The term ‘‘Nations’’ means, collectively, the Choctaw Nation of Okla-homa (‘‘Choctaw Nation’’) and the Chicka-saw Nation. (15) OWRB.—The term ‘‘OWRB’’ means the Oklahoma Water Resources Board. (16) S
ARDIS LAKE .—The term ‘‘Sardis Lake’’ means the reservoir, formerly known as Clayton Lake, whose dam is located in Sec-tion 19, Township 2 North, Range 19 East of the Indian Meridian, Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, the construction, operation, and maintenance of which was authorized by sec-tion 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187). (17) S
ETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Settlement Agreement’’ means the settle-ment agreement as approved by the Nations, the State, the City, and the Trust effective August 22, 2016, as revised to conform with this section, as applicable. (18) S
ETTLEMENT AREA .—The term ‘‘settle-ment area’’ means— (A) the area lying between— (i) the South Canadian River and Arkansas River to the north; (ii) the Oklahoma–Texas State line to the south; (iii) the Oklahoma–Arkansas State line to the east; and (iv) the 98th Meridian to the west; and (B) the area depicted in Exhibit 1 to the Settlement Agreement and generally includ-ing the following counties, or portions of, in the State: (i) Atoka. (ii) Bryan. (iii) Carter. (iv) Choctaw. (v) Coal. (vi) Garvin. (vii) Grady. (viii) McClain. (ix) Murray. (x) Haskell. (xi) Hughes. (xii) Jefferson. (xiii) Johnston. (xiv) Latimer. (xv) LeFlore. (xvi) Love. (xvii) Marshall. (xviii) McCurtain. (xix) Pittsburgh. (xx) Pontotoc. (xxi) Pushmataha. (xxii) Stephens. (19) SETTLEMENT AREA WATERS .—The term ‘‘settlement area waters’’ means the waters located— (A) within the settlement area; and (B) within a basin depicted in Exhibit 10 to the Settlement Agreement, including any of the following basins as denominated in the 2012 Update of the Oklahoma Comprehensive Water Plan: (i) Beaver Creek (24, 25, and 26). (ii) Blue (11 and 12). (iii) Clear Boggy (9). (iv) Kiamichi (5 and 6). (v) Lower Arkansas (46 and 47). (vi) Lower Canadian (48, 56, 57, and 58). (vii) Lower Little (2). (viii) Lower Washita (14). (ix) Mountain Fork (4). (x) Middle Washita (15 and 16). (xi) Mud Creek (23). (xii) Muddy Boggy (7 and 8). (xiii) Poteau (44 and 45). (xiv) Red River Mainstem (1, 10, 13, and 21) (xv) Upper Little (3). (xvi) Walnut Bayou (22). (20) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Oklahoma. (21) T
RUST .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Trust’’ means the Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust, formerly known as the Oklahoma City Mu-nicipal Improvement Authority, a public trust established pursuant to State law with the City as the beneficiary. (B) R
EFERENCES .—A reference in this sec-tion to ‘‘Trust’’ shall refer to the Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust, acting severally. (c) A
PPROVAL OF THE SETTLEMENT AGREE -
MENT .— (1) R
ATIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as modified by this section, and to the extent the Settle-ment Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Settlement Agreement is au-thorized, ratified, and confirmed. (B) A
MENDMENTS .—If an amendment is exe-cuted to make the Settlement Agreement consistent with this section, the amendment is also authorized, ratified and confirmed to the extent the amendment is consistent with this section. (2) E
XECUTION OF SETTLEMENT AGREE -
MENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent the Settle-ment Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall promptly execute the Settlement Agree-ment, including all exhibits to or parts of the Settlement Agreement requiring the sig-nature of the Secretary of the Interior and any amendments necessary to make the Set-tlement Agreement consistent with this sec-tion. (B) N
OT A MAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .—Execu- tion of the Settlement Agreement by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5650 September 13, 2016 
Secretary of the Interior under this sub-section shall not constitute a major Federal action under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (d) A
PPROVAL OF THE AMENDED STORAGE  C
ONTRACT AND 1974 S TORAGE CONTRACT .— (1) R
ATIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except to the extent any provision of the amended storage contract conflicts with any provision of this section, the amended storage contract is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (B) 1974 
STORAGE CONTRACT .—To the extent the amended storage contract, as authorized, ratified, and confirmed, modifies or amends the 1974 storage contract, the modification or amendment to the 1974 storage contract is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (C) A
MENDMENTS .—To the extent an amendment is executed to make the amend-ed storage contract consistent with this sec-tion, the amendment is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (2) A
PPROVAL BY THE SECRETARY .—After the State and the City execute the amended storage contract, the Secretary shall ap-prove the amended storage contract. (3) M
ODIFICATION OF SEPTEMBER 11 , 2009, 
ORDER IN UNITED STATES V . OKLAHOMA WATER  
RESOURCES BOARD , CIV 98 –00521 (N .D. OK).—The Secretary, through counsel, shall cooperate and work with the State to file any motion and proposed order to modify or amend the order of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma dated September 11, 2009, necessary to conform the order to the amended storage contract trans-fer agreement, the Settlement Agreement, and this section. (4) C
ONSERVATION STORAGE CAPACITY .—The allocation of the use of the conservation storage capacity in Sardis Lake for adminis-trative set-aside subcontracts, City water supply, and fish and wildlife and recreation as provided by the amended storage contract is authorized, ratified and approved. (5) A
CTIVATION ; WAIVER .— (A) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (i) the earliest possible activation of any increment of future use storage in Sardis Lake will not occur until after 2050; and (ii) the obligation to make annual pay-ments for the Sardis future use storage oper-ation, maintenance and replacement costs, capital costs, or interest attributable to Sar-dis future use storage only arises if, and only to the extent, that an increment of Sardis future use storage is activated by with-drawal or release of water from the future use storage that is authorized by the user for a consumptive use of water. (B) W
AIVER OF OBLIGATIONS FOR STORAGE  
THAT IS NOT ACTIVATED .—Notwithstanding section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), section 203 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187), the 1974 storage contract, or any other provision of law, effective as of January 1, 2050— (i) the entirety of any repayment obliga-tions (including interest), relating to that portion of conservation storage capacity al-located by the 1974 storage contract to fu-ture use storage in Sardis Lake is waived and shall be considered nonreimbursable; and (ii) any obligation of the State and, on exe-cution and approval of the amended storage contract, of the City and the Trust, under the 1974 storage contract regarding capital costs and any operation, maintenance, and replacement costs and interest otherwise at-tributable to future use storage in Sardis Lake is waived and shall be nonreimburs-able, if by January 1, 2050, the right to future use storage is not activated by the with-drawal or release of water from future use storage for an authorized consumptive use of water. (6) CONSISTENT WITH AUTHORIZED PURPOSES ; 
NO MAJOR OPERATIONAL CHANGE .— (A) C
ONSISTENT WITH AUTHORIZED PUR -
POSE.—The amended storage contract, the approval of the Secretary of the amended storage contract, and the waiver of future use storage under paragraph (5)— (i) are deemed consistent with the author-ized purposes for Sardis Lake as described in section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187) and do not affect the authorized purposes for which the project was authorized, surveyed, planned, and constructed; and (ii) shall not constitute a reallocation of storage. (B) N
O MAJOR OPERATIONAL CHANGE .—The amended storage contract, the approval of the Secretary of the amended storage con-tract, and the waiver of future use storage under paragraph (5) shall not constitute a major operational change under section 301(e) of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b(e)). (7) N
O FURTHER AUTHORIZATION REQUIRED .— This section shall be considered sufficient and complete authorization, without further study or analysis, for— (A) the Secretary to approve the amended storage contract; and (B) after approval under subparagraph (A), the Corps of Engineers to manage storage in Sardis Lake pursuant to and in accordance with the 1974 storage contract, the amended storage contract, and the Settlement Agree-ment. (e) S
ETTLEMENT AREAWATERS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) pursuant to the Atoka Agreement as ratified by section 29 of the Act of June 28, 1898 (30 Stat. 505, chapter 517) (as modified by the Act of July 1, 1902 (32 Stat. 641, chapter 1362)), the Nations issued patents to their re-spective tribal members and citizens and thereby conveyed to individual Choctaws and Chickasaws, all right, title, and interest in and to land that was possessed by the Na-tions, other than certain mineral rights; and (B) when title passed from the Nations to their respective tribal members and citizens, the Nations did not convey and those indi-viduals did not receive any right of regu-latory or sovereign authority, including with respect to water. (2) P
ERMITTING , ALLOCATION , AND ADMINIS -
TRATION OF SETTLEMENT AREA WATERS PURSU -
ANT TO THE SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—Begin- ning on the enforceability date, settlement area waters shall be permitted, allocated, and administered by the OWRB in accord-ance with the Settlement Agreement and this section. (3) C
HOCTAW NATION AND CHICKASAW NA -
TION.—Beginning on the enforceability date, the Nations shall have the right to use and to develop the right to use settlement area waters only in accordance with the Settle-ment Agreement and this section. (4) W
AIVER AND DELEGATION BY NATIONS .—In addition to the waivers under subsection (h), the Nations, on their own behalf, shall per-manently delegate to the State any regu-latory authority each Nation may possess over water rights on allotments, which the State shall exercise in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this subsection. (5) R
IGHT TO USE WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may use water on an allotment in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this sub-section. (B) S
URFACE WATER USE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may divert and use, on the allotment of the allottee, 6 acre-feet per year of surface water per 160 acres, to be used solely for domestic uses on an allotment that constitutes riparian land under applicable State law as of the date of enactment of this Act. (ii) EFFECT OF STATE LAW .—The use of sur-face water described in clause (i) shall be subject to all rights and protections of State law, as of the date of enactment of this Act, including all protections against loss for nonuse. (iii) N
O PERMIT REQUIRED .—An allottee may divert water under this subsection without a permit or any other authorization from the OWRB. (C) G
ROUNDWATER USE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may drill wells on the allotment of the allottee to take and use for domestic uses the greater of— (I) 5 acre-feet per year; or (II) any greater quantity allowed under State law. (ii) E
FFECT OF STATE LAW .—The ground-water use described in clause (i) shall be sub-ject to all rights and protections of State law, as of the date of enactment of this Act, including all protections against loss for nonuse. (iii) N
O PERMIT REQUIRED .—An allottee may drill wells and use water under this sub-section without a permit or any other au-thorization from the OWRB. (D) F
UTURE CHANGES IN STATE LAW .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If State law changes to limit use of water to a quantity that is less than the applicable quantity specified in subparagraph (B) or (C), as applicable, an al-lottee shall retain the right to use water in accord with those subparagraphs, subject to paragraphs (6)(B)(iv) and (7). (ii) O
PPORTUNITY TO BE HEARD .—Prior to taking any action to limit the use of water by an individual, the OWRB shall provide to the individual an opportunity to dem-onstrate that the individual is— (I) an allottee; and (II) using water on the allotment pursuant to and in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this section. (6) A
LLOTTEE OPTIONS FOR ADDITIONAL  
WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To use a quantity of water in excess of the quantities provided under paragraph (5), an allottee shall— (i) file an action under subparagraph (B); or (ii) apply to the OWRB for a permit pursu-ant to, and in accordance with, State law. (B) D
ETERMINATION IN FEDERAL DISTRICT  
COURT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In lieu of applying to the OWRB for a permit to use more water than is allowed under paragraph (5), an allottee may, after written notice to the OWRB, file an action in the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma for de-termination of the right to water of the al-lottee. (ii) J
URISDICTION .—For purposes of this subsection— (I) the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma shall have ju-risdiction; and (II) the waivers of immunity under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (j)(2) shall apply. (iii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An allottee filing an action pursuant to this subparagraph shall— (I) join the OWRB as a party; and (II) publish notice in a newspaper of gen-eral circulation within the Settlement Area Hydrologic Basin for 2 consecutive weeks, with the first publication appearing not later than 30 days after the date on which the ac-tion is filed. (iv) D
ETERMINATION FINAL .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), if an allottee elects to have the rights of the allottee determined pursuant to this sub-paragraph, the determination shall be final as to any rights under Federal law and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5651 September 13, 2016 
lieu of any rights to use water on an allot-ment as provided in paragraph (5). (II) R
ESERVATION OF RIGHTS .—Subclause (I) shall not preclude an allottee from— (aa) applying to the OWRB for water rights pursuant to State law; or (bb) using any rights allowed by State law that do not require a permit from the OWRB. (7) OWRB 
ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCE -
MENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If an allottee exercises any right under paragraph (5) or has rights determined under paragraph (6)(B), the OWRB shall have jurisdiction to administer those rights. (B) C
HALLENGES .—An allottee may chal-lenge OWRB administration of rights deter-mined under this paragraph, in the United States District Court for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma. (8) P
RIOR EXISTING STATE LAW RIGHTS .— Water rights held by an allottee as of the en-forceability date pursuant to a permit issued by the OWRB shall be governed by the terms of that permit and applicable State law (in-cluding regulations). (f) C
ITY PERMIT FOR APPROPRIATION OF  S
TREAM WATER FROM THE KIAMICHI RIVER.— The City permit shall be processed, evalu-ated, issued, and administered consistent with and in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this section. (g) S
ETTLEMENT COMMISSION .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Settlement Commission. (2) M
EMBERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Commis-sion shall be comprised of 5 members, ap-pointed as follows: (i) 1 by the Governor of the State. (ii) 1 by the Attorney General of the State. (iii) 1 by the Chief of the Choctaw Nation. (iv) 1 by the Governor of the Chickasaw Nation. (v) 1 by agreement of the members de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv). (B) J
OINTLY APPOINTED MEMBER .—If the members described in clauses (i) through (iv) of subparagraph (A) do not agree on a mem-ber appointed pursuant to subparagraph (A)(v)— (i) the members shall submit to the Chief Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, a list of not less than 3 persons; and (ii) from the list under clause (i), the Chief Judge shall make the appointment. (C) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The initial ap-pointments to the Settlement Commission shall be made not later than 90 days after the enforceability date. (3) M
EMBER TERMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Settlement Com-mission member shall serve at the pleasure of appointing authority. (B) C
OMPENSATION .—A member of the Set-tlement Commission shall serve without compensation, but an appointing authority may reimburse the member appointed by the entity for costs associated with service on the Settlement Commission. (C) V
ACANCIES .—If a member of the Settle-ment Commission is removed or resigns, the appointing authority shall appoint the re-placement member. (D) J
OINTLY APPOINTED MEMBER .—The member of the Settlement Commission de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(v) may be re-moved or replaced by a majority vote of the Settlement Commission based on a failure of the member to carry out the duties of the member. (4) D
UTIES .—The duties and authority of the Settlement Commission shall be set forth in the Settlement Agreement, and the Settlement Commission shall not possess or exercise any duty or authority not stated in the Settlement Agreement. (h) WAIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS .— (1) C
LAIMS BY THE NATIONS AND THE UNITED  
STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR THE NATIONS .—Sub- ject to the retention of rights and claims provided in paragraph (3) and except to the extent that rights are recognized in the Set-tlement Agreement or this section, the Na-tions and the United States, acting as a trustee for the Nations, shall execute a waiv-er and release of— (A) all of the following claims asserted or which could have been asserted in any pro-ceeding filed or that could have been filed during the period ending on the enforce-ability date, including Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11–927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication, relating to— (i) claims to the ownership of water in the State; (ii) claims to water rights and rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (iii) claims to authority over the alloca-tion and management of water and adminis-tration of water rights, including authority over third-party ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State and ownership or use of water on allotments by allottees or any other person using water on an allotment with the permission of an allottee; (iv) claims that the State lacks authority over the allocation and management of water and administration of water rights, in-cluding authority over the ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (v) any other claim relating to the owner-ship of water, regulation of water, or author-ized diversion, storage, or use of water di-verted or taken from a location within the State, which claim is based on the status of the Chickasaw Nation or the Choctaw Nation as a federally recognized Indian tribe; and (vi) claims or defenses asserted or which could have been asserted in Chickasaw Na-tion, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11– 927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication; (B) all claims for damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to any action by the State, the OWRB, or any water user authorized pursuant to State law to take or use water in the State, including the City, that accrued during the period end-ing on the enforceability date; (C) all claims and objections relating to the amended permit application, and the City permit, including— (i) all claims regarding regulatory control over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to the permit application and permit; and (ii) all claims for damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or rights to use water, or claims of interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the dam-ages, losses, injuries, interference with, di-version, storage, taking, or use of water) at-tributable to the issuance and lawful exer-cise of the City permit; (D) all claims to regulatory control over the Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 of the City for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (E) all claims that the State lacks regu-latory authority over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (F) all claims to damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from such damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73– 282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir, that accrued during the pe-riod ending on the enforceability date; (G) all claims and objections relating to the approval by the Secretary of the assign-ment of the 1974 storage contract pursuant to the amended storage contract; and (H) all claims for damages, losses, or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from such damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of rights pursuant to the amended storage contract. (2) W
AIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS BY  
THE NATIONS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES .— Subject to the retention of rights and claims provided in paragraph (3) and except to the extent that rights are recognized in the Set-tlement Agreement or this section, the Na-tions are authorized to execute a waiver and release of all claims against the United States (including any agency or employee of the United States) relating to— (A) all of the following claims asserted or which could have been asserted in any pro-ceeding filed or that could have been filed by the United States as a trustee during the pe-riod ending on the enforceability date, in-cluding Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11-9272 (W.D. Ok.) or OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12-275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudica-tion, relating to— (i) claims to the ownership of water in the State; (ii) claims to water rights and rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (iii) claims to authority over the alloca-tion and management of water and adminis-tration of water rights, including authority over third-party ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State and ownership or use of water on allotments by allottees or any other person using water on an allotment with the permission of an allottee; (iv) claims that the State lacks authority over the allocation and management of water and administration of water rights, in-cluding authority over the ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (v) any other claim relating to the owner-ship of water, regulation of water, or author-ized diversion, storage, or use of water di-verted or taken from a location within the State, which claim is based on the status of the Chickasaw Nation or the Choctaw Nation as a federally recognized Indian tribe; and (vi) claims or defenses asserted or which could have been asserted in Chickasaw Na-tion, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11- 927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12-275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5652 September 13, 2016 
(B) all claims for damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to any action by the State, the OWRB, or any water user authorized pursuant to State law to take or use water in the State, including the City, that accrued during the period end-ing on the enforceability date; (C) all claims and objections relating to the amended permit application, and the City permit, including— (i) all claims regarding regulatory control over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to the permit application and permit; and (ii) all claims for damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or rights to use water, or claims of interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the dam-ages, losses, injuries, interference with, di-version, storage, taking, or use of water) at-tributable to the issuance and lawful exer-cise of the City permit; (D) all claims to regulatory control over the Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, includ-ing McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Res-ervoir; (E) all claims that the State lacks regu-latory authority over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (F) all claims to damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73– 282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir, that accrued during the pe-riod ending on the enforceability date; (G) all claims and objections relating to the approval by the Secretary of the assign-ment of the 1974 storage contract pursuant to the amended storage contract; (H) all claims relating to litigation brought by the United States prior to the en-forceability date of the water rights of the Nations in the State; and (I) all claims relating to the negotiation, execution, or adoption of the Settlement Agreement (including exhibits) or this sec-tion. (3) R
ETENTION AND RESERVATION OF CLAIMS  
BY NATIONS AND THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the waiver and releases of claims authorized under paragraphs (1) and (2), the Nations and the United States, acting as trustee, shall re-tain— (i) all claims for enforcement of the Settle-ment Agreement and this section; (ii) all rights to use and protect any water right of the Nations recognized by or estab-lished pursuant to the Settlement Agree-ment, including the right to assert claims for injuries relating to the rights and the right to participate in any general stream adjudication, including any inter se pro-ceeding; (iii) all claims relating to activities affect-ing the quality of water that are not waived under paragraph (1)(A)(v) or paragraph (2)(A)(v), including any claims the Nations may have under— (I) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), including for damages to natural resources; (II) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (III) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (IV) any regulations implementing the Acts described in items (aa) through (cc); (iv) all claims relating to damage, loss, or injury resulting from an unauthorized diver-sion, use, or storage of water, including dam-ages, losses, or injuries to land or nonwater natural resources associated with any hunt-ing, fishing, gathering, or cultural right; and (v) all rights, remedies, privileges, immu-nities, and powers not specifically waived and released pursuant to this section or the Settlement Agreement. (B) AGREEMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—As provided in the Settle-ment Agreement, the Chickasaw Nation shall convey an easement to the City, which easement shall be as described and depicted in Exhibit 15 to the Settlement Agreement. (ii) A
PPLICATION .—The Chickasaw Nation and the City shall cooperate and coordinate on the submission of an application for ap-proval by the Secretary of the Interior of the conveyance under clause (i), in accordance with applicable Federal law. (iii) R
ECORDING .—On approval by the Sec-retary of the Interior of the conveyance of the easement under this clause, the City shall record the easement. (iv) C
ONSIDERATION .—In exchange for con-veyance of the easement under clause (i), the City shall pay to the Chickasaw Nation the value of past unauthorized use and consider-ation for future use of the land burdened by the easement, based on an appraisal secured by the City and Nations and approved by the Secretary of the Interior. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF WAIVER AND RE -
LEASES .—The waivers and releases under this subsection take effect on the enforceability date. (5) T
OLLING OF CLAIMS .—Each applicable period of limitation and time-based equi-table defense relating to a claim described in this subsection shall be tolled during the pe-riod beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the earlier of the en-forceability date or the expiration date under subsection (i)(2). (i) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Agree-ment shall take effect and be enforceable on the date on which the Secretary of the Inte-rior publishes in the Federal Register a cer-tification that— (A) to the extent the Settlement Agree-ment conflicts with this section, the Settle-ment Agreement has been amended to con-form with this section; (B) the Settlement Agreement, as amend-ed, has been executed by the Secretary of the Interior, the Nations, the Governor of the State, the OWRB, the City, and the Trust; (C) to the extent the amended storage con-tract conflicts with this section, the amend-ed storage contract has been amended to conform with this section; (D) the amended storage contract, as amended to conform with this section, has been— (i) executed by the State, the City, and the Trust; and (ii) approved by the Secretary; (E) an order has been entered in United States v. Oklahoma Water Resources Board, Civ. 98–C–521–E with any modifications to the order dated September 11, 2009, as pro-vided in the Settlement Agreement; (F) orders of dismissal have been entered in Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., Civ 11–297 (W.D. Ok.) and OWRB v. United States, et al. Civ 12–275 (W.D. Ok.) as provided in the Settlement Agreement; (G) the OWRB has issued the City Permit; (H) the final documentation of the Kiamichi Basin hydrologic model is on file at the Oklahoma City offices of the OWRB; and (I) the Atoka and Sardis Conservation Projects Fund has been funded as provided in the Settlement Agreement. (2) EXPIRATION DATE .—If the Secretary of the Interior fails to publish a statement of findings under paragraph (1) by not later than September 30, 2020, or such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Secretary of the Interior, the Nations, the State, the City, and the Trust under paragraph (4), the following shall apply: (A) This section, except for this subsection and any provisions of this section that are necessary to carry out this subsection (but only for purposes of carrying out this sub-section) are not effective beginning on Sep-tember 30, 2020, or the alternative date. (B) The waivers and release of claims, and the limited waivers of sovereign immunity, shall not become effective. (C) The Settlement Agreement shall be null and void, except for this paragraph and any provisions of the Settlement Agreement that are necessary to carry out this para-graph. (D) Except with respect to this paragraph, the State, the Nations, the City, the Trust, and the United States shall not be bound by any obligations or benefit from any rights recognized under the Settlement Agreement. (E) If the City permit has been issued, the permit shall be null and void, except that the City may resubmit to the OWRB, and the OWRB shall be considered to have accepted, OWRB permit application No. 2007–017 with-out having waived the original application priority date and appropriative quantities. (F) If the amended storage contract has been executed or approved, the contract shall be null and void, and the 2010 agree-ment shall be considered to be in force and effect as between the State and the Trust. (G) If the Atoka and Sardis Conservation Projects Fund has been established and fund-ed, the funds shall be returned to the respec-tive funding parties with any accrued inter-est. (3) N
O PREJUDICE .—The occurrence of the expiration date under paragraph (2) shall not in any way prejudice— (A) any argument or suit that the Nations may bring to contest— (i) the pursuit by the City of OWRB permit application No. 2007–017, or a modified version; or (ii) the 2010 agreement; (B) any argument, defense, or suit the State may bring or assert with regard to the claims of the Nations to water or over water in the settlement area; or (C) any argument, defense or suit the City may bring or assert— (i) with regard to the claims of the Nations to water or over water in the settlement area relating to OWRB permit application No. 2007–017, or a modified version; or (ii) to contest the 2010 agreement. (4) E
XTENSION .—The expiration date under paragraph (2) may be extended in writing if the Nations, the State, the OWRB, the United States, and the City agree that an ex-tension is warranted. (j) J
URISDICTION , WAIVERS OF IMMUNITY FOR  I
NTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— (1) J
URISDICTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5653 September 13, 2016 
(i) E XCLUSIVE JURISDICTION .—The United States District Court for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma shall have exclusive juris-diction for all purposes and for all causes of action relating to the interpretation and en-forcement of the Settlement Agreement, the amended storage contract, or interpretation or enforcement of this section, including all actions filed by an allottee pursuant to sub-section (e)(4)(B). (ii) R
IGHT TO BRING ACTION .—The Choctaw Nation, the Chickasaw Nation, the State, the City, the Trust, and the United States shall each have the right to bring an action pursu-ant to this section. (iii) N
O ACTION IN OTHER COURTS .—No ac- tion may be brought in any other Federal, Tribal, or State court or administrative forum for any purpose relating to the Settle-ment Agreement, amended storage contract, or this section. (iv) N
O MONETARY JUDGMENT .—Nothing in this section authorizes any money judgment or otherwise allows the payment of funds by the United States, the Nations, the State (including the OWRB), the City, or the Trust. (B) N
OTICE AND CONFERENCE .—An entity seeking to interpret or enforce the Settle-ment Agreement shall comply with the fol-lowing: (i) Any party asserting noncompliance or seeking interpretation of the Settlement Agreement or this section shall first serve written notice on the party alleged to be in breach of the Settlement Agreement or vio-lation of this section. (ii) The notice under clause (i) shall iden-tify the specific provision of the Settlement Agreement or this section alleged to have been violated or in dispute and shall specify in detail the contention of the party assert-ing the claim and any factual basis for the claim. (iii) Representatives of the party alleging a breach or violation and the party alleged to be in breach or violation shall meet not later than 30 days after receipt of notice under clause (i) in an effort to resolve the dispute. (iv) If the matter is not resolved to the sat-isfaction of the party alleging breach not later than 90 days after the original notice under clause (i), the party may take any ap-propriate enforcement action consistent with the Settlement Agreement and this subsection. (2) L
IMITED WAIVERS OF SOVEREIGN IMMU -
NITY.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The United States and the Nations may be joined in an action filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. (B) U
NITED STATES IMMUNITY .—Any claim by the United States to sovereign immunity from suit is irrevocably waived for any ac-tion brought by the State, the Chickasaw Nation, the Choctaw Nation, the City, the Trust, or (solely for purposes of actions brought pursuant to subsection (e)) an allot-tee in the Western District of Oklahoma re-lating to interpretation or enforcement of the Settlement Agreement or this section, including of the appellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Supreme Court of the United States. (C) C
HICKASAW NATION IMMUNITY .—For the exclusive benefit of the State (including the OWRB), the City, the Trust, the Choctaw Na-tion, and the United States, the sovereign immunity of the Chickasaw Nation from suit is waived solely for any action brought in the Western District of Oklahoma relating to interpretation or enforcement of the Settle-ment Agreement or this section, if the ac-tion is brought by the State or the OWRB, the City, the Trust, the Choctaw Nation, or the United States, including the appellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Su-preme Court of the United States. (D) CHOCTAW NATION IMMUNITY .—For the exclusive benefit of the State (including of the OWRB), the City, the Trust, the Chicka-saw Nation, and the United States, the Choc-taw Nation shall expressly and irrevocably consent to a suit and waive sovereign immu-nity from a suit solely for any action brought in the Western District of Oklahoma relating to interpretation or enforcement of the Settlement Agreement or this section, if the action is brought by the State, the OWRB, the City, the Trust, the Chickasaw Nation, or the United States, including the appellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Supreme Court of the United States. (k) D
ISCLAIMER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Agree-ment applies only to the claims and rights of the Nations. (2) N
O PRECEDENT .—Nothing in this section or the Settlement Agreement shall be con-strued in any way to quantify, establish, or serve as precedent regarding the land and water rights, claims, or entitlements to water of any American Indian Tribe other than the Nations, including any other Amer-ican Indian Tribe in the State. 
SEC. 8003. LAND TRANSFER AND TRUST LAND FOR THE MUSCOGEE (CREEK) NA-TION. 
(a) T RANSFER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and for the consideration described in sub-section (c), the Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of the Interior the land de-scribed in subsection (b) to be held in trust for the benefit of the Muscogee (Creek) Na-tion. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The land transfer under this subsection shall be subject to the fol-lowing conditions: (A) The transfer— (i) shall not interfere with the Corps of En-gineers operation of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other authorized civil works projects; and (ii) shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appropriate to ensure the continued operation of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other authorized civil works project. (B) The Secretary shall retain the right to inundate with water the land transferred to the Secretary of the Interior under this sub-section, as necessary to carry out an author-ized purpose of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other civil works project. (C) No gaming activities may be conducted on the land transferred under this sub-section. (b) L
ANDDESCRIPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The land to be transferred pursuant to subsection (a) is the approxi-mately 18.38 acres of land located in the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4) of sec. 3, T. 10 N., R. 16 E., McIntosh County, Oklahoma, gen-erally depicted as ‘‘USACE’’ on the map enti-tled ‘‘Muscogee (Creek) Nation Proposed Land Acquisition’’ and dated October 16, 2014. (2) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the land to be transferred under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior. (c) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Muscogee (Creek) Nation shall pay— (1) to the Secretary an amount that is equal to the fair market value of the land transferred under subsection (a), as deter-mined by the Secretary, which funds may be accepted and expended by the Secretary; and (2) all costs and administrative expenses associated with the transfer of land under subsection (a), including the costs of — (A) the survey under subsection (b)(2); (B) compliance with the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (C) any coordination necessary with re-spect to requirements related to endangered species, cultural resources, clean water, and clean air. SEC. 8004. REAUTHORIZATION OF DENALI COM-MISSION. 
(a) A DMINISTRATION .—Section 303 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Federal Cochairperson’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) T
ERM OF FEDERAL COCHAIRPERSON .— The Federal Cochairperson’’; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘All other members’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) T
ERM OF ALL OTHER MEMBERS .—All other members’’; (C) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Any vacancy’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) V
ACANCIES .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), any vacancy’’; and (D) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as designated by subparagraph (B)) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) I
NTERIM FEDERAL COCHAIRPERSON .—In the event of a vacancy for any reason in the position of Federal Cochairperson, the Sec-retary may appoint an Interim Federal Co-chairperson, who shall have all the authority of the Federal Cochairperson, to serve until such time as the vacancy in the position of Federal Cochairperson is filled in accordance with subsection (b)(2)).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) N
OFEDERAL EMPLOYEE STATUS .—No member of the Commission, other than the Federal Cochairperson, shall be considered to be a Federal employee for any purpose. ‘‘(g) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), no member of the Commission (referred to in this subsection as a ‘member’) shall participate personally or substantially, through decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, the rendering of advice, investigation, or otherwise, in any proceeding, application, request for a ruling or other determination, contract claim, con-troversy, or other matter in which, to the knowledge of the member, 1 or more of the following has a direct financial interest: ‘‘(A) The member. ‘‘(B) The spouse, minor child, or partner of the member. ‘‘(C) An organization described in subpara-graph (B), (C), (D), (E), or (F) of subsection (b)(1) for which the member is serving as of-ficer, director, trustee, partner, or employee. ‘‘(D) Any individual, person, or organiza-tion with which the member is negotiating or has any arrangement concerning prospec-tive employment. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the member— ‘‘(A) immediately advises the designated agency ethics official for the Commission of the nature and circumstances of the matter presenting a potential conflict of interest; ‘‘(B) makes full disclosure of the financial interest; and ‘‘(C) before the proceeding concerning the matter presenting the conflict of interest, receives a written determination by the des-ignated agency ethics official for the Com-mission that the interest is not so substan-tial as to be likely to affect the integrity of the services that the Commission may ex-pect from the member. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5654 September 13, 2016 
‘‘(3) A NNUAL DISCLOSURES .—Once per cal-endar year, each member shall make full dis-closure of financial interests, in a manner to be determined by the designated agency eth-ics official for the Commission. ‘‘(4) T
RAINING .—Once per calendar year, each member shall undergo disclosure of fi-nancial interests training, as prescribed by the designated agency ethics official for the Commission. ‘‘(5) V
IOLATION .—Any person that violates this subsection shall be fined not more than $10,000, imprisoned for not more than 2 years, or both.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 310 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) (as redesignated by sec-tion 1960(1) of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1516)) is amended, in sub-section (a), by striking ‘‘under section 4 under this Act’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 304, $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, and such sums as are necessary for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 310 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) (as redesig-nated by section 1960(1) of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1516)) is redesig-nated as section 312. 
SEC. 8005. RECREATIONAL ACCESS OF FLOATING CABINS. 
The Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 is amended by inserting after section 9a (16 U.S.C. 831h–1) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9b. RECREATIONAL ACCESS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF FLOATING CABIN.—In this section, the term ‘floating cabin’ means a watercraft or other floating structure— ‘‘(1) primarily designed and used for human habitation or occupation; and ‘‘(2) not primarily designed or used for navigation or transportation on water. ‘‘(b) R
ECREATIONAL ACCESS .—The Board may allow the use of a floating cabin if— ‘‘(1) the floating cabin is maintained by the owner to reasonable health, safety, and envi-ronmental standards, as required by the Board; ‘‘(2) the Corporation has authorized the use of recreational vessels on the waters; and ‘‘(3) the floating cabin was located on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corpora-tion as of the date of enactment of this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) F
EES.—The Board may assess fees on the owner of a floating cabin on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corporation for the purpose of ensuring compliance with sub-section (b) if the fees are necessary and rea-sonable for those purposes. ‘‘(d) C
ONTINUED RECREATIONAL USE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a float-ing cabin located on waters under the juris-diction of the Corporation on the date of en-actment of this section, the Board— ‘‘(A) may not require the removal of the floating cabin— ‘‘(i) in the case of a floating cabin that was granted a permit by the Corporation before the date of enactment of this section, for a period of 15 years beginning on that date of enactment; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a floating cabin not granted a permit by the Corporation before the date of enactment of this section, for a period of 5 years beginning on that date of enactment; and ‘‘(B) shall approve and allow the use of the floating cabin on waters under the jurisdic-tion of the Corporation at such time and for such duration as— ‘‘(i) the floating cabin meets the require-ments of subsection (b); and ‘‘(ii) the owner of the floating cabin has paid any fee assessed pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(2) SAVINGS PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(A) Nothing in this subsection restricts the ability of the Corporation to enforce health, safety, or environmental standards. ‘‘(B) This section applies only to floating cabins located on waters under the jurisdic-tion of the Corporation. ‘‘(e) N
EWCONSTRUCTION .—The Corporation may establish regulations to prevent the construction of new floating cabins.’’. 
SEC. 8006. REGULATION OF ABOVEGROUND STORAGE AT FARMS. 
Section 1049(c) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 1361 note; Public Law 113–121) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (b),’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) R
EGULATION OF ABOVEGROUND STORAGE  
ATFARMS .— ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION OF AGGREGATE ABOVE -
GROUND STORAGE CAPACITY .—For purposes of subsection (b),’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN FARM CONTAINERS .—Part 112 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), shall not apply to the following containers located at a farm: ‘‘(A) Containers on a separate parcel that have— ‘‘(i) an individual capacity of not greater than 1,000 gallons; and ‘‘(ii) an aggregate capacity of not greater than 2,000 gallons. ‘‘(B) A container holding animal feed in-gredients approved for use in livestock feed by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs.’’. 
SEC. 8007. SALT CEDAR REMOVAL PERMIT RE-VIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an applica-tion for a permit for the mechanized removal of salt cedar from an area that consists of not more than 500 acres— (1) any review by the Secretary under sec-tion 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1344) or section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (commonly known as the ‘‘Rivers and Harbors Appropriation Act of 1899’’) (33 U.S.C. 403), and any review by the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’) under section 7 of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536), shall, to the maximum extent practicable, occur concurrently; (2) all participating and cooperating agen-cies shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, adopt and use any environmental document prepared by the lead agency under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) to the same ex-tent that a Federal agency could adopt or use a document prepared by another Federal agency under— (A) that Act; and (B) parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions); and (3) the review of the application shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be com-pleted not later than the date on which the Secretary, in consultation with, and with the concurrence of, the Director, establishes. (b) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept and expend funds received from non-Federal public or private entities to con-duct a review referred to in subsection (a). (c) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section preempts or interferes with— (1) any obligation to comply with the pro-visions of any Federal law, including— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (B) any other Federal environmental law; (2) the reviewability of any final Federal agency action in a court of the United States or in the court of any State; (3) any requirement for seeking, consid-ering, or responding to public comment; or (4) any power, jurisdiction, responsibility, duty, or authority that a Federal, State, or local governmental agency, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provision of law applicable to projects. SEC. 8008. INTERNATIONAL OUTFALL INTER-CEPTOR REPAIR, OPERATIONS, AND MAINTENANCE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, pursuant to the Act of July 27, 1953 (22 U.S.C. 277d–10 et seq.), and not-withstanding the memorandum of agreement between the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commis-sion and the City of Nogales, Arizona, dated January 20, 2006 (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Agreement’’), an equitable propor-tion of the costs of operation and mainte-nance of the Nogales sanitation project to be contributed by the City of Nogales, Arizona (referred to in this section as the ‘‘City’’), should be based on the average daily volume of wastewater originating from the City. (b) C
APITAL COSTS EXCLUDED .—Pursuant to the Agreement and the Act of July 27, 1953 (22 U.S.C. 277d–10 et seq.), the City shall have no obligation to contribute to any capital costs of repairing or upgrading the Nogales sanitation project. (c) O
VERCHARGES .—Notwithstanding the Agreement and subject to subsection (d), the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission shall reim-burse the City for, and shall not charge the City after the date of enactment of this Act for, operations and maintenance costs in ex-cess of an equitable proportion of the costs, as described in subsection (a). (d) L
IMITATION .—Costs reimbursed or a re-duction in costs charged under subsection (c) shall not exceed $4,000,000. 
SEC. 8009. PECHANGA BAND OF LUISEN ˜O MIS- SION INDIANS WATER RIGHTS SET-TLEMENT. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final settlement of claims to water rights and cer-tain claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for— (A) the Band; and (B) the United States, acting in its capac-ity as trustee for the Band and Allottees; (2) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final settlement of certain claims by the Band and Allottees against the United States; (3) to authorize, ratify, and confirm the Pechanga Settlement Agreement to be en-tered into by the Band, RCWD, and the United States; (4) to authorize and direct the Secretary— (A) to execute the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (B) to take any other action necessary to carry out the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment in accordance with this section; and (5) to authorize the appropriation of amounts necessary for the implementation of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DJUDICATION COURT .—The term ‘‘Adju-dication Court’’ means the United States District Court for the Southern District of California, which exercises continuing juris-diction over the Adjudication Proceeding. (2) A
DJUDICATION PROCEEDING .—The term ‘‘Adjudication Proceeding’’ means litigation initiated by the United States regarding rel-ative water rights in the Santa Margarita 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5655 September 13, 2016 
River Watershed in United States v. Fallbrook Public Utility District et al., Civ. No. 3:51–cv–01247 (S.D.C.A.), including any litigation initiated to interpret or enforce the relative water rights in the Santa Mar-garita River Watershed pursuant to the con-tinuing jurisdiction of the Adjudication Court over the Fallbrook Decree. (3) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘Allottee’’ means an individual who holds a beneficial real property interest in an Indian allotment that is— (A) located within the Reservation; and (B) held in trust by the United States. (4) B
AND.—The term ‘‘Band’’ means Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians, a federally recognized sovereign Indian tribe that functions as a custom and tradition In-dian tribe, acting on behalf of itself and its members, but not acting on behalf of mem-bers in their capacities as Allottees. (5) C
LAIMS .—The term ‘‘claims’’ means rights, claims, demands, actions, compensa-tion, or causes of action, whether known or unknown. (6) EMWD.—The term ‘‘EMWD’’ means Eastern Municipal Water District, a munic-ipal water district organized and existing in accordance with the Municipal Water Dis-trict Law of 1911, Division 20 of the Water Code of the State of California, as amended. (7) EMWD 
CONNECTION FEE .—The term ‘‘EMWD Connection Fee’’ has the meaning set forth in the Extension of Service Area Agreement. (8) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Reg-ister the statement of findings described in subsection (f)(5). (9) ESAA 
CAPACITY AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘ESAA Capacity Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Agreement to Provide Capacity for Deliv-ery of ESAA Water’’, among the Band, RCWD and the United States. (10) ESAA 
WATER .—The term ‘‘ESAA Water’’ means imported potable water that the Band receives from EMWD and MWD pursuant to the Extension of Service Area Agreement and delivered by RCWD pursuant to the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement. (11) ESAA 
WATER DELIVERY AGREEMENT .— The term ‘‘ESAA Water Delivery Agree-ment’’ means the agreement among EMWD, RCWD, and the Band, establishing the terms and conditions of water service to the Band. (12) E
XTENSION OF SERVICE AREA AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Extension of Service Area Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Agreement for Ex-tension of Existing Service Area’’, among the Band, EMWD, and MWD, for the provi-sion of water service by EMWD to a des-ignated portion of the Reservation using water supplied by MWD. (13) F
ALLBROOK DECREE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Fallbrook De-cree’’ means the ‘‘Modified Final Judgment And Decree’’, entered in the Adjudication Proceeding on April 6, 1966. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Fallbrook De-cree’’ includes all court orders, interlocutory judgments, and decisions supplemental to the ‘‘Modified Final Judgment And Decree’’, including Interlocutory Judgment No. 30, In-terlocutory Judgment No. 35, and Interlocu-tory Judgment No. 41. (14) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Pechanga Settlement Fund established by subsection (h). (15) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (16) I
NJURY TO WATER RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘injury to water rights’’ means an inter-ference with, diminution of, or deprivation of water rights under Federal or State law. (17) INTERIM CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘Interim Capacity’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (18) I
NTERIM CAPACITY NOTICE .—The term ‘‘Interim Capacity Notice’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (19) I
NTERLOCUTORY JUDGMENT NO . 41.—The term ‘‘Interlocutory Judgment No. 41’’ means Interlocutory Judgment No. 41 issued in the Adjudication Proceeding on November 8, 1962, including all court orders, judgments and decisions supplemental to that inter-locutory judgment. (20) MWD.—The term ‘‘MWD’’ means the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, a metropolitan water district or-ganized and incorporated under the Metro-politan Water District Act of the State of California (Stats. 1969, Chapter 209, as amended). (21) MWD 
CONNECTION FEE .—The term ‘‘MWD Connection Fee’’ has the meaning set forth in the Extension of Service Area Agree-ment. (22) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account’’ means the account estab-lished by subsection (h)(3)(B). (23) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRA -
STRUCTURE ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure account’’ means the account established by subsection (h)(3)(A). (24) P
ECHANGA SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .— The term ‘‘Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment’’ means the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, dated June 17, 2014, together with the exhibits to that agreement, entered into by the Band, the United States on be-half of the Band, its members and Allottees, MWD, EMWD, and RCWD, including— (A) the Extension of Service Area Agree-ment; (B) the ESAA Capacity Agreement; and (C) the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement. (25) P
ECHANGA WATER CODE .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Code’’ means a water code to be adopted by the Band in accordance with subsection (d)(6). (26) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Fund account’’ means the account established by subsection (h)(3)(C). (27) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .— The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Quality ac-count’’ means the account established by subsection (h)(3)(D). (28) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘Per-manent Capacity’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (29) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY NOTICE .—The term ‘‘Permanent Capacity Notice’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (30) RCWD.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘RCWD’’ means the Rancho California Water District orga-nized pursuant to section 34000 et seq. of the California Water Code. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘RCWD’’ in-cludes all real property owners for whom RCWD acts as an agent pursuant to an agen-cy agreement. (31) R
ECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE  
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Recycled Water In-frastructure Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Agree-ment for Recycled Water Infrastructure’’ among the Band, RCWD, and the United States. (32) R
ECYCLED WATER TRANSFER AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Recycled Water Transfer Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Recycled Water Transfer Agreement’’ between the Band and RCWD. (33) R
ESERVATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ means the land depicted on the map attached to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement as Exhibit I. (B) APPLICABILITY OF TERM .—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ shall be used solely for the purposes of the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment, this section, and any judgment or de-cree issued by the Adjudication Court ap-proving the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment. (34) S
ANTA MARGARITA RIVER WATERSHED .— The term ‘‘Santa Margarita River Water-shed’’ means the watershed that is the sub-ject of the Adjudication Proceeding and the Fallbrook Decree. (35) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (36) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of California. (37) S
TORAGE POND .—The term ‘‘Storage Pond’’ has the meaning set forth in the Re-cycled Water Infrastructure Agreement. (38) T
RIBAL WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘Trib-al Water Right’’ means the water rights rati-fied, confirmed, and declared to be valid for the benefit of the Band and Allottees, as set forth and described in subsection (d). (c) A
PPROVAL OF THE PECHANGA SETTLE -
MENT AGREEMENT .— (1) R
ATIFICATION OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as modified by this section, and to the extent that the Pechanga Settlement Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (B) A
MENDMENTS .—Any amendment to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement is author-ized, ratified, and confirmed, to the extent that the amendment is executed to make the Pechanga Settlement Agreement consistent with this section. (2) E
XECUTION OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Pechanga Settlement Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Secretary is directed to and promptly shall execute— (i) the Pechanga Settlement Agreement (including any exhibit to the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement requiring the signature of the Secretary); and (ii) any amendment to the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement necessary to make the Pechanga Settlement Agreement consistent with this section. (B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Nothing in this sec-tion precludes the Secretary from approving modifications to exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement not inconsistent with this section, to the extent those modifica-tions do not otherwise require congressional approval pursuant to section 2116 of the Re-vised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177) or other appli-cable Federal law. (3) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, the Sec-retary shall promptly comply with all appli-cable requirements of— (i) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (ii) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (iii) all other applicable Federal environ-mental laws; and (iv) all regulations promulgated under the laws described in clauses (i) through (iii). (B) E
XECUTION OF THE PECHANGA SETTLE -
MENT AGREEMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Execution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement by the Secretary under this subsection shall not constitute a major Federal action under the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5656 September 13, 2016 
(ii) C OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary is directed to carry out all Federal compliance nec-essary to implement the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement. (C) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall be designated as the lead agency with respect to environmental compliance. (d) T
RIBAL WATER RIGHT.— (1) I
NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of Congress to provide to each Allottee benefits that are equal to or exceed the benefits Allottees possess as of the date of enactment of this section, taking into consideration— (A) the potential risks, cost, and time delay associated with litigation that would be resolved by the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section; (B) the availability of funding under this section; (C) the availability of water from the Trib-al Water Right and other water sources as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment; and (D) the applicability of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), and this section to protect the interests of Allottees. (2) C
ONFIRMATION OF TRIBAL WATER RIGHT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A Tribal Water Right of up to 4,994 acre-feet of water per year that, under natural conditions, is physically avail-able on the Reservation is confirmed in ac-cordance with the Findings of Fact and Con-clusions of Law set forth in Interlocutory Judgment No. 41, as affirmed by the Fallbrook Decree. (B) U
SE.—Subject to the terms of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, this sec-tion, the Fallbrook Decree and applicable Federal law, the Band may use the Tribal Water Right for any purpose on the Reserva-tion. (3) H
OLDING IN TRUST .—The Tribal Water Right, as set forth in paragraph (2), shall— (A) be held in trust by the United States on behalf of the Band and the Allottees in ac-cordance with this subsection; (B) include the priority dates described in Interlocutory Judgment No. 41, as affirmed by the Fallbrook Decree; and (C) not be subject to forfeiture or abandon-ment. (4) A
LLOTTEES .— (A) A
PPLICABILITY OF ACT OF FEBRUARY 8 , 
1887.—The provisions of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), relating to the use of water for irrigation purposes shall apply to the Tribal Water Right. (B) E
NTITLEMENT TO WATER .—Any entitle-ment to water of allotted land located within the exterior boundaries of the Reservation under Federal law shall be satisfied from the Tribal Water Right. (C) A
LLOCATIONS .—Allotted land located within the exterior boundaries of the Res-ervation shall be entitled to a just and equi-table allocation of water for irrigation and domestic purposes from the Tribal Water Right. (D) E
XHAUSTION OF REMEDIES .—Before as-serting any claim against the United States under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or any other applicable law, an Allottee shall exhaust remedies available under the Pechanga Water Code or other ap-plicable tribal law. (E) C
LAIMS .—Following exhaustion of rem-edies available under the Pechanga Water Code or other applicable tribal law, an Allot-tee may seek relief under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or other applicable law. (F) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary shall have the authority to protect the rights of Allottees as specified in this subsection. (5) A
UTHORITY OF BAND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Band shall have au-thority to use, allocate, distribute, and lease the Tribal Water Right on the Reservation in accordance with— (i) the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (ii) applicable Federal law. (B) LEASES BY ALLOTTEES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An Allottee may lease any interest in land held by the Allottee, to-gether with any water right determined to be appurtenant to that interest in land. (ii) W
ATER RIGHT APPURTENANT .—Any water right determined to be appurtenant to an interest in land leased by an Allottee shall be used on the Reservation. (6) P
ECHANGA WATER CODE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the enforceability date, the Band shall enact a Pechanga Water Code, that provides for— (i) the management, regulation, and gov-ernance of all uses of the Tribal Water Right in accordance with the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (ii) establishment by the Band of condi-tions, permit requirements, and other limi-tations relating to the storage, recovery, and use of the Tribal Water Right in accordance with the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Pechanga Water Code shall provide— (i) that allocations of water to Allottees shall be satisfied with water from the Tribal Water Right; (ii) that charges for delivery of water for irrigation purposes for Allottees shall be as-sessed in accordance with section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381); (iii) a process by which an Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) may re-quest that the Band provide water for irriga-tion or domestic purposes in accordance with this section; (iv) a due process system for the consider-ation and determination by the Band of any request by an Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) for an allocation of such water for irrigation or domestic pur-poses on allotted land, including a process for— (I) appeal and adjudication of any denied or disputed distribution of water; and (II) resolution of any contested administra-tive decision; and (v) a requirement that any Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) with a claim relating to the enforcement of rights of the Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) under the Pechanga Water Code or relating to the amount of water allo-cated to land of the Allottee must first ex-haust remedies available to the Allottee under tribal law and the Pechanga Water Code before initiating an action against the United States or petitioning the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (4)(D). (C) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Tribal Water Right until the Pechanga Water Code is enacted and ap-proved under this subsection. (ii) A
PPROVAL .—Any provision of the Pechanga Water Code and any amendment to the Pechanga Water Code that affects the rights of Allottees— (I) shall be subject to the approval of the Secretary; and (II) shall not be valid until approved by the Secretary. (iii) A
PPROVAL PERIOD .—The Secretary shall approve or disapprove the Pechanga Water Code within a reasonable period of time after the date on which the Band sub-mits the Pechanga Water Code to the Sec-retary for approval. (7) E
FFECT .—Except as otherwise specifi-cally provided in this section, nothing in this section— (A) authorizes any action by an Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) against any individual or entity, or against the Band, under Federal, State, tribal, or local law; or (B) alters or affects the status of any ac-tion pursuant to section 1491(a) of title 28, United States Code. (e) SATISFACTION OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The benefits provided to the Band under the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this Act shall be in complete replacement of, complete substitution for, and full satisfaction of all claims of the Band against the United States that are waived and released pursuant to subsection (f). (2) A
LLOTTEE CLAIMS .—The benefits real-ized by the Allottees under this section shall be in complete replacement of, complete sub-stitution for, and full satisfaction of— (A) all claims that are waived and released pursuant to subsection (f); and (B) any claims of the Allottees against the United States that the Allottees have or could have asserted that are similar in na-ture to any claim described in subsection (f). (3) N
O RECOGNITION OF WATER RIGHTS .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (d)(4), nothing in this section recognizes or establishes any right of a member of the Band or an Allottee to water within the Reservation. (4) C
LAIMS RELATING TO DEVELOPMENT OF  
WATER FOR RESERVATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amounts authorized to be appropriated pursuant to subsection (j) shall be used to satisfy any claim of the Allottees against the United States with re-spect to the development or protection of water resources for the Reservation. (B) S
ATISFACTION OF CLAIMS .—Upon the complete appropriation of amounts author-ized pursuant to subsection (j), any claim of the Allottees against the United States with respect to the development or protection of water resources for the Reservation shall be deemed to have been satisfied. (f) W
AIVER OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) W
AIVER OF CLAIMS BY THE BAND AND THE  
UNITED STATES ACTING IN ITS CAPACITY AS  
TRUSTEE FOR THE BAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the retention of rights set forth in paragraph (3), in return for recognition of the Tribal Water Right and other benefits as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section, the Band, on behalf of itself and the members of the Band (but not on behalf of a tribal member in the capacity of Allottee), and the United States, acting as trustee for the Band, are authorized and directed to exe-cute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Santa Margarita River Watershed that the Band, or the United States acting as trustee for the Band, asserted or could have asserted in any pro-ceeding, including the Adjudication Pro-ceeding, except to the extent that such rights are recognized in the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement and this section. (ii) C
LAIMS AGAINST RCWD .—Subject to the retention of rights set forth in paragraph (3) and notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment, the Band and the United States, on be-half of the Band and Allottees, fully release, acquit, and discharge RCWD from— (I) claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for land located within the Reservation arising or occurring at any time up to and including June 30, 2009; (II) claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for land located within the Reservation arising or occurring at any time after June 30, 2009, resulting from the diversion or use of water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5657 September 13, 2016 
in a manner not in violation of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or this section; (III) claims for subsidence damage to land located within the Reservation arising or oc-curring at any time up to and including June 30, 2009; (IV) claims for subsidence damage arising or occurring after June 30, 2009, to land lo-cated within the Reservation resulting from the diversion of underground water in a man-ner consistent with the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement or this section; and (V) claims arising out of, or relating in any manner to, the negotiation or execution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or the negotiation or execution of this section. (B) C
LAIMS BY THE UNITED STATES ACTING IN  
ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE FOR ALLOTTEES .— Subject to the retention of claims set forth in paragraph (3), in return for recognition of the water rights of the Band and other bene-fits as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section, the United States, acting as trustee for Allottees, is au-thorized and directed to execute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Santa Margarita River Watershed that the United States, acting as trustee for the Allottees, asserted or could have as-serted in any proceeding, including the Adju-dication Proceeding. (C) C
LAIMS BY THE BAND AGAINST THE  
UNITED STATES .—Subject to the retention of rights set forth in paragraph (3), the Band, on behalf of itself and the members of the Band (but not on behalf of a tribal member in the capacity of Allottee), is authorized to execute a waiver and release of— (i) all claims against the United States (in-cluding the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to claims for water rights in, or water of, the Santa Margarita River Watershed that the United States, act-ing in its capacity as trustee for the Band, asserted, or could have asserted, in any pro-ceeding, including the Adjudication Pro-ceeding, except to the extent that those rights are recognized in the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement and this section; (ii) all claims against the United States (including the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to damages, losses, or injuries to water, water rights, land, or natural resources due to loss of water or water rights (including damages, losses or injuries to hunting, fishing, gathering, or cultural rights due to loss of water or water rights, claims relating to interference with, diversion, or taking of water or water rights, or claims relating to failure to protect, ac-quire, replace, or develop water, water rights, or water infrastructure) in the Santa Margarita River Watershed that first ac-crued at any time up to and including the enforceability date; (iii) all claims against the United States (including the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to the pending litiga-tion of claims relating to the water rights of the Band in the Adjudication Proceeding; and (iv) all claims against the United States (including the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to the negotiation or execution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or the negotiation or execution of this section. (2) E
FFECTIVENESS OF WAIVERS AND RE -
LEASES .—The waivers under paragraph (1) shall take effect on the enforceability date. (3) R
ESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND RETENTION  
OF CLAIMS .—Notwithstanding the waivers and releases authorized in this section, the Band, on behalf of itself and the members of the Band, and the United States, acting in its capacity as trustee for the Band and Allottees, retain— (A) all claims for enforcement of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section; (B) all claims against any person or entity other than the United States and RCWD, in-cluding claims for monetary damages; (C) all claims for water rights that are out-side the jurisdiction of the Adjudication Court; (D) all rights to use and protect water rights acquired on or after the enforceability date; and (E) all remedies, privileges, immunities, powers, and claims, including claims for water rights, not specifically waived and re-leased pursuant to this section and the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (4) EFFECT OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
AGREEMENT AND ACT .—Nothing in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or this sec-tion— (A) affects the ability of the United States, acting as sovereign, to take actions author-ized by law, including any laws relating to health, safety, or the environment, includ-ing— (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (ii) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (iii) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (iv) any regulations implementing the Acts described in clauses (i) through (iii); (B) affects the ability of the United States to take actions acting as trustee for any other Indian tribe or an Allottee of any other Indian tribe; (C) confers jurisdiction on any State court— (i) to interpret Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environment; (ii) to determine the duties of the United States or other parties pursuant to Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environ-ment; or (iii) to conduct judicial review of Federal agency action; (D) waives any claim of a member of the Band in an individual capacity that does not derive from a right of the Band; (E) limits any funding that RCWD would otherwise be authorized to receive under any Federal law, including, the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act (43 U.S.C. 390h et seq.) as that Act applies to permanent facilities for water recycling, demineralization, and desalina-tion, and distribution of nonpotable water supplies in Southern Riverside County, Cali-fornia; (F) characterizes any amounts received by RCWD under the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or this section as Federal for pur-poses of section 1649 of the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act (43 U.S.C. 390h–32); or (G) affects the requirement of any party to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or any of the exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement to comply with the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or the California Environmental Quality Act (Cal. Pub. Res. Code 21000 et seq.) prior to performing the respective obli-gations of that party under the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or any of the exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (5) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The enforce-ability date shall be the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Register a statement of findings that— (A) the Adjudication Court has approved and entered a judgment and decree approving the Pechanga Settlement Agreement in sub-stantially the same form as Appendix 2 to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; (B) all amounts authorized by this section have been deposited in the Fund; (C) the waivers and releases authorized in paragraph (1) have been executed by the Band and the Secretary; (D) the Extension of Service Area Agree-ment— (i) has been approved and executed by all the parties to the Extension of Service Area Agreement; and (ii) is effective and enforceable in accord-ance with the terms of the Extension of Service Area Agreement; and (E) the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement— (i) has been approved and executed by all the parties to the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement; and (ii) is effective and enforceable in accord-ance with the terms of the ESAA Water De-livery Agreement. (6) TOLLING OF CLAIMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each applicable period of limitation and time-based equitable defense relating to a claim described in this sub-section shall be tolled for the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the earlier of— (i) April 30, 2030, or such alternate date after April 30, 2030, as is agreed to by the Band and the Secretary; or (ii) the enforceability date. (B) E
FFECTS OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection revives any claim or tolls any period of limitation or time-based equi-table defense that expired before the date of enactment of this Act. (C) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this sub-section precludes the tolling of any period of limitations or any time-based equitable de-fense under any other applicable law. (7) T
ERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If all of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated to the Secretary pursuant to this section have not been made available to the Secretary by April 30, 2030— (i) the waivers authorized by this sub-section shall expire and have no force or ef-fect; and (ii) all statutes of limitations applicable to any claim otherwise waived under this sub-section shall be tolled until April 30, 2030. (B) V
OIDING OF WAIVERS .—If a waiver au-thorized by this subsection is void under sub-paragraph (A)— (i) the approval of the United States of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement under sub-section (c) shall be void and have no further force or effect; (ii) any unexpended Federal amounts ap-propriated or made available to carry out this section, together with any interest earned on those amounts, and any water rights or contracts to use water and title to other property acquired or constructed with Federal amounts appropriated or made avail-able to carry out this section shall be re-turned to the Federal Government, unless otherwise agreed to by the Band and the United States and approved by Congress; and (iii) except for Federal amounts used to ac-quire or develop property that is returned to the Federal Government under clause (ii), the United States shall be entitled to set off any Federal amounts appropriated or made available to carry out this section that were expended or withdrawn, together with any interest accrued, against any claims against the United States relating to water rights asserted by the Band or Allottees in any fu-ture settlement of the water rights of the Band or Allottees. (g) W
ATER FACILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations, using amounts from the designated accounts of the Fund, provide the amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5658 September 13, 2016 
the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agree-ment and the ESAA Capacity Agreement, in an amount not to exceed the amounts depos-ited in the designated accounts for such pur-poses plus any interest accrued on such amounts from the date of deposit in the Fund to the date of disbursement from the Fund, in accordance with this section and the terms and conditions of those agree-ments. (2) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS .—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this subsection shall be nonreimburs-able. (3) R
ECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using amounts from the Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure account, provide amounts for the Storage Pond in accordance with this paragraph. (B) S
TORAGE POND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations, provide the amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agreement for the de-sign and construction of the Storage Pond, in an amount not to exceed $2,656,374. (ii) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Secretary to provide amounts pursuant to this paragraph shall be as set forth in the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agreement. (iii) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Rec-lamation shall be the lead agency for pur-poses of the implementation of this para-graph. (iv) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the Storage Pond. (4) ESAA 
DELIVERY CAPACITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using amounts from the Pechanga ESAA De-livery Capacity account, provide amounts for Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity in accordance with this paragraph. (B) I
NTERIM CAPACITY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations, using amounts from the ESAA Delivery Ca-pacity account, provide amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under the ESAA Capacity Agreement for the provi-sion by RCWD of Interim Capacity to the Band in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000. (ii) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Secretary to provide amounts pursuant to this subparagraph shall be as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (iii) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Rec-lamation shall be the lead agency for pur-poses of the implementation of this subpara-graph. (iv) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the In-terim Capacity to be provided by RCWD. (v) T
RANSFER TO BAND .—If RCWD does not provide the Interim Capacity Notice required pursuant to the ESAA Capacity Agreement by the date that is 60 days after the date re-quired under the ESAA Capacity Agreement, the amounts in the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account for purposes of the provi-sion of Interim Capacity and Permanent Ca-pacity, including any interest that has ac-crued on those amounts, shall be available for use by the Band to provide alternative in-terim capacity in a manner that is similar to the Interim Capacity and Permanent Capac-ity that the Band would have received had RCWD provided such Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity. (C) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—On receipt of the Perma-nent Capacity Notice pursuant to section 5(b) of the ESAA Capacity Agreement, the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Rec-lamation, shall enter into negotiations with RCWD and the Band to establish an agree-ment that will allow for the disbursement of amounts from the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account in accordance with clause (ii). (ii) SCHEDULE OF DISBURSEMENT .—Subject to the availability of amounts under sub-section (h)(5), on execution of the ESAA Ca-pacity Agreement, the Secretary shall, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations and using amounts from the ESAA Delivery Ca-pacity account, provide amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under the ESAA Capacity Agreement for the provi-sion by RCWD of Permanent Capacity to the Band in an amount not to exceed the amount available in the ESAA Delivery Capacity ac-count as of the date on which the ESAA Ca-pacity Agreement is executed. (iii) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Secretary to provide funds pursuant to this subparagraph shall be as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (iv) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Rec-lamation shall be the lead agency for pur-poses of the implementation of this subpara-graph. (v) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the Permanent Capacity to be provided by RCWD. (vi) T
RANSFER TO BAND .—If RCWD does not provide the Permanent Capacity Notice re-quired pursuant to the ESAA Capacity Agreement by the date that is 5 years after the enforceability date, the amounts in the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account for purposes of the provision of Permanent Capacity, including any interest that has ac-crued on those amounts, shall be available for use by the Band to provide alternative permanent capacity in a manner that is similar to the Permanent Capacity that the Band would have received had RCWD pro-vided such Permanent Capacity. (h) P
ECHANGA SETTLEMENT FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the ‘‘Pechanga Settlement Fund’’, to be managed, invested, and distrib-uted by the Secretary and to be available until expended, and, together with any inter-est earned on those amounts, to be used sole-ly for the purpose of carrying out this sec-tion. (2) T
RANSFERS TO FUND .—The Fund shall consist of such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under subsection (j), together with any interest earned on those amounts, which shall be available in accordance with para-graph (5). (3) A
CCOUNTS OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
FUND .—The Secretary shall establish in the Fund the following accounts: (A) Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastruc-ture account, consisting of amounts author-ized pursuant to subsection (j)(1). (B) Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity ac-count, consisting of amounts authorized pur-suant to subsection (j)(2). (C) Pechanga Water Fund account, con-sisting of amounts authorized pursuant to subsection (j)(3). (D) Pechanga Water Quality account, con-sisting of amounts authorized pursuant to subsection (j)(4). (4) M
ANAGEMENT OF FUND .—The Secretary shall manage, invest, and distribute all amounts in the Fund in a manner that is consistent with the investment authority of the Secretary under— (A) the first section of the Act of June 24, 1938 (25 U.S.C. 162a); (B) the American Indian Trust Fund Man-agement Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.); and (C) this subsection. (5) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts appropriated to, and deposited in, the Fund, including any investment earnings accrued from the date of deposit in the Fund through the date of disbursement from the Fund, shall be made available to the Band by the Secretary beginning on the enforceability date. (6) WITHDRAWALS BY BAND PURSUANT TO THE  
AMERICAN INDIAN TRUST FUND MANAGEMENT  
REFORM ACT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Band may withdraw all or part of the amounts in the Fund on ap-proval by the Secretary of a tribal manage-ment plan submitted by the Band in accord-ance with the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the require-ments under the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the tribal management plan under subparagraph (A) shall require that the Band shall spend all amounts with-drawn from the Fund in accordance with this section. (ii) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial or administrative ac-tions as the Secretary determines to be nec-essary to enforce the tribal management plan to ensure that amounts withdrawn by the Band from the Fund under this para-graph are used in accordance with this sec-tion. (7) W
ITHDRAWALS BY BAND PURSUANT TO AN  
EXPENDITURE PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Band may submit an expenditure plan for approval by the Sec-retary requesting that all or part of the amounts in the Fund be disbursed in accord-ance with the plan. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The expenditure plan under subparagraph (A) shall include a de-scription of the manner and purpose for which the amounts proposed to be disbursed from the Fund will be used, in accordance with paragraph (8). (C) A
PPROVAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an expenditure plan submitted under this subsection is consistent with the purposes of this section, the Secretary shall approve the plan. (D) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial or administrative ac-tions as the Secretary determines necessary to enforce an expenditure plan to ensure that amounts disbursed under this paragraph are used in accordance with this section. (8) U
SES.—Amounts from the Fund shall be used by the Band for the following purposes: (A) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRA -
STRUCTURE ACCOUNT .—The Pechanga Recy-cled Water Infrastructure account shall be used for expenditures by the Band in accord-ance with subsection (g)(3). (B) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—The Pechanga ESAA Delivery Ca-pacity account shall be used for expenditures by the Band in accordance with subsection (g)(4). (C) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—The Pechanga Water Fund account shall be used for— (i) payment of the EMWD Connection Fee; (ii) payment of the MWD Connection Fee; and (iii) any expenses, charges, or fees incurred by the Band in connection with the delivery or use of water pursuant to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (D) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .— The Pechanga Water Quality account shall be used by the Band to fund groundwater de-salination activities within the Wolf Valley Basin. (9) L
IABILITY .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall not be liable for the expenditure of, or the investment of any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5659 September 13, 2016 
amounts withdrawn from, the Fund by the Band under paragraph (6) or (7). (10) N
O PER CAPITA DISTRIBUTIONS .—No por- tion of the Fund shall be distributed on a per capita basis to any member of the Band. (i) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .— (1) W
AIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY BY THE  
UNITED STATES .—Except as provided in sub-sections (a) through (c) of section 208 of the Department of Justice Appropriation Act, 1953 (43 U.S.C. 666), nothing in this section waives the sovereign immunity of the United States. (2) O
THER TRIBES NOT ADVERSELY AF -
FECTED .—Nothing in this section quantifies or diminishes any land or water right, or any claim or entitlement to land or water, of an Indian tribe, band, or community other than the Band. (3) L
IMITATION ON CLAIMS FOR REIMBURSE -
MENT .—With respect to Indian land within the Reservation— (A) the United States shall not submit against any Indian-owned land located with-in the Reservation any claim for reimburse-ment of the cost to the United States of car-rying out this section and the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement; and (B) no assessment of any Indian-owned land located within the Reservation shall be made regarding that cost. (4) E
FFECT ON CURRENT LAW .—Nothing in this subsection affects any provision of law (including regulations) in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act with respect to preenforcement review of any Fed-eral environmental enforcement action. (j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCOUNT .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated $2,656,374, for deposit in the Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure ac-count, to carry out the activities described in subsection (g)(3). (2) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—There is authorized to be appro-priated $17,900,000, for deposit in the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account, which amount shall be adjusted for changes in construction costs since June 30, 2009, as is indicated by ENR Construction Cost Index, 20-City Average, as applicable to the types of construction required for the Band to provide the infrastructure necessary for the Band to provide the Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity in the event that RCWD elects not to provide the Interim Ca-pacity or Permanent Capacity as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement and con-templated in subparagraphs (B)(v) and (C)(vi) of subsection (g)(4), with such adjustment ending on the date on which funds author-ized to be appropriated under this subsection have been deposited in the Fund. (3) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—There is authorized to be appropriated $5,483,653, for deposit in the Pechanga Water Fund ac-count, which amount shall be adjusted for changes in appropriate cost indices since June 30, 2009, with such adjustment ending on the date of deposit in the Fund, for the purposes set forth in subsection (h)(8)(C). (4) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .— There is authorized to be appropriated $2,460,000, for deposit in the Pechanga Water Quality account, which amount shall be ad-justed for changes in appropriate cost indices since June 30, 2009, with such adjustment ending on the date of deposit in the Fund, for the purposes set forth in subsection (h)(8)(D). (k) R
EPEAL ON FAILURE OF ENFORCEABILITY  D
ATE.—If the Secretary does not publish a statement of findings under subsection (f)(5) by April 30, 2021, or such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Band and the Sec-retary, as applicable— (1) this section is repealed effective on the later of May 1, 2021, or the day after the al-ternative date agreed to by the Band and the Secretary; (2) any action taken by the Secretary and any contract or agreement pursuant to the authority provided under any provision of this section shall be void; (3) any amounts appropriated under sub-section (j), together with any interest on those amounts, shall immediately revert to the general fund of the Treasury; and (4) any amounts made available under sub-section (j) that remain unexpended shall im-mediately revert to the general fund of the Treasury. (l) ANTIDEFICIENCY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any au-thorization of appropriations to carry out this section, the expenditure or advance of any funds, and the performance of any obli-gation by the Department in any capacity, pursuant to this section shall be contingent on the appropriation of funds for that ex-penditure, advance, or performance. (2) L
IABILITY .—The Department of the In-terior shall not be liable for the failure to carry out any obligation or activity author-ized by this section if adequate appropria-tions are not provided to carry out this sec-tion. 
SEC. 8010. GOLD KING MINE SPILL RECOVERY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) C
LAIMANT .—The term ‘‘claimant’’ means a State, Indian tribe, or local govern-ment that submits a claim under subsection (c). (3) G
OLD KING MINE RELEASE .—The term ‘‘Gold King Mine release’’ means the dis-charge on August 5, 2015, of approximately 3,000,000 gallons of contaminated water from the Gold King Mine north of Silverton, Colo-rado, into Cement Creek that occurred while contractors of the Environmental Protection Agency were conducting an investigation of the Gold King Mine to assess mine condi-tions. (4) N
ATIONAL CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term ‘‘National Contingency Plan’’ means the Na-tional Contingency Plan prepared and pub-lished under part 300 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations). (5) R
ESPONSE .—The term ‘‘response’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Administrator should re-ceive and process, as expeditiously as pos-sible, claims under chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’) for any injury arising out of the Gold King Mine release. (c) G
OLDKINGMINERELEASE CLAIMS PUR-
SUANT TO THE COMPREHENSIVE ENVIRON -
MENTAL RESPONSE , COMPENSATION , AND LI-
ABILITY ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, consistent with the National Contingency Plan, receive and process under the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), and pay from appropria-tions made available to the Administrator to carry out that Act, any claim made by a State, Indian tribe, or local government for eligible response costs relating to the Gold King Mine release. (2) E
LIGIBLE RESPONSE COSTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Response costs incurred between August 5, 2015, and September 9, 2016, are eligible for payment by the Admin-istrator under this subsection, without prior approval by the Administrator, if the re-sponse costs are not inconsistent with the National Contingency Plan. (B) PRIOR APPROVAL REQUIRED .—Response costs incurred after September 9, 2016, are el-igible for payment by the Administrator under this subsection if— (i) the Administrator approves the re-sponse costs under section 111(a)(2) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9611(a)(2)); and (ii) the response costs are not inconsistent with the National Contingency Plan. (3) P
RESUMPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall consider response costs claimed under para-graph (1) to be eligible response costs if a reasonable basis exists to establish that the response costs are not inconsistent with the National Contingency Plan. (B) A
PPLICABLE STANDARD .—In determining whether a response cost is not inconsistent with the National Contingency Plan, the Ad-ministrator shall apply the same standard that the United States applies in seeking re-covery of the response costs of the United States from responsible parties under section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9607). (4) T
IMING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall make a decision on, and pay, any eligible response costs submitted to the Administrator before that date of enact-ment. (B) S
UBSEQUENTLY FILED CLAIMS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a claim is submitted to the Administrator, the Ad-ministrator shall make a decision on, and pay, any eligible response costs. (C) D
EADLINE .—All claims under this sub-section shall be submitted to the Adminis-trator not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (D) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Administrator makes a decision under subparagraph (A) or (B), the Administrator shall notify the claimant of the decision. (d) W
ATER QUALITY PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In response to the Gold King Mine release, the Administrator, in conjunction with affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments, shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, develop and implement a program for long-term water quality monitoring of rivers contami-nated by the Gold King Mine release. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the program described in paragraph (1), the Ad-ministrator, in conjunction with affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments, shall— (A) collect water quality samples and sedi-ment data; (B) provide the public with a means of viewing the water quality sample results and sediment data referred to in subparagraph (A) by, at a minimum, posting the informa-tion on the website of the Administrator; (C) take any other reasonable measure nec-essary to assist affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments with long-term water monitoring; and (D) carry out additional program activities related to long-term water quality moni-toring that the Administrator determines to be necessary. (3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator such sums as may be nec-essary to carry out this subsection, includ-ing the reimbursement of affected States, In-dian tribes, and local governments for the costs of long-term water quality monitoring of any river contaminated by the Adminis-trator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5660 September 13, 2016 
(e) E XISTING STATE AND TRIBAL LAW.— Nothing in this section affects the jurisdic-tion or authority of any department, agency, or officer of any State government or any In-dian tribe. (f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion affects any right of any State, Indian tribe, or other person to bring a claim against the United States for response costs or natural resources damages pursuant to section 107 of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9607). 
SEC. 8011. REPORTS BY THE COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL. 
Not later than 5 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct the fol-lowing reviews and submit to Congress re-ports describing the results of the reviews: (1) A review of the implementation and ef-fectiveness of the Columbia River Basin res-toration program authorized under part V of subtitle F of title VII. (2) A review of the implementation and ef-fectiveness of watercraft inspection stations established by the Secretary under section 104 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (33 U.S.C. 610) in preventing the spread of aquat-ic invasive species at reserviors operated and maintained by the Secretary. 
SEC. 8012. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) State water quality standards that im-pact the disposal of dredged material should be developed collaboratively, with input from all relevant stakeholders; (2) Open-water disposal of dredged material should be reduced to the maximum extent practicable; (3) Where practicable, the preference is for disputes between states related to the dis-posal of dredged material and the protection of water quality to be resolved between the states in accordance with regional plans and involving regional bodies. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on this amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to amendment No. 5042, as modified. The amendment (No. 5042), as modi-fied, was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Amend-ment No. 5042, as modified, having been agreed to, amendment No. 4980 falls. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, before I make a very brief comment, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WRDA Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, this is a very significant piece of legislation. What we just now moved forward on is the managers’ amendment. Senator B
OXER and I are the managers. I want to, first of all, compliment her for working very hard with us and our staff. I mean, they really did drill on this thing. So it is a major bill. We are supposed to have a WRDA bill, or the Water Resources Development Act, every 2 years. We went through a 7- year period from 2007 to 2014. Now we are back on schedule. I am happy to say that we are on schedule now to get this passed tomorrow. We are going to stay on a 2-year schedule. Senator BOXER did a great job. It was great teamwork. We have moved a long way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I want to say this to Senator I
NHOFE . I know he has a hectic schedule ahead of him. What a pleasure it is to work with him and his staff member Alex and our Jason and Ted and others. We had a lot of disagreements on a lot of issues, but we set those aside. It is exciting to get something done for the people. For example, in this managers’ pack-age, we have a new Chief’s report in Pennsylvania, a critical restoration program in Oregon and Washington, funding for restoration of the Great Lakes, a wide variety of other policy recommendations that come from all over the country, from all of our col-leagues. So I not only want to thank Senator I
NHOFE , who is my chairman, but also my staff and Senator I
NHOFE ’s staff—in particular, Bettina Poirier, Jason Albritton, and Ted Illston, from my staff. This has not been easy to get all of us together and to have a unanimous con-sent request agreed to. I also want to thank the floor staff—Trish and Gary on our side—because I made them a lit-tle crazy during this process. They ac-tually allowed me to do that. But it does take a lot of push and pull to get a bill like this done. So what I would like to do for the next few minutes—I know Senator M
URKOWSKI  will speak following me—is that I just want to talk about why we have worked so hard and why it is critical that we pass this bill this week—S. 2848, the Water Resources Development Act, which we called WRDA 2016. We need to repair our Nation’s aging infrastructure. We need to grow our economy and create jobs. I think that is where the sweet spot is across the aisle. We have an infrastructure crisis in our country. It is not me saying it; it is the American Society of Civil En-gineers. They are Democrats, they are Republicans, and they are Independ-ents. They are north, south, east, and west. They came together and said: Our infrastructure is a D-plus—a D-plus. So we just have to move forward. Also, we need to make sure that the Army Corps, when they write a Chief’s report, has the go-ahead from Con-gress. We don’t have anymore the abil-ity as Members to say this is an ear-mark. We don’t do that. What we must do is look at the Corps report and give them the authority to move ahead if we feel that the Corps report is in the best interest of our people. We have over $14 billion for 30 Chief’s reports in 19 States. These projects— you ask: What do they do? They in-crease navigation. They are flood risk management. They are coastal storm damage reduction. They are ecosystem restoration. As far as navigation is concerned, we know that we authorize important projects to maintain vital navigation routes for commerce and the movement of goods. Our bill builds on the reforms to the harbor maintenance trust fund. So we are just going to show a few charts. This is the Port of Charleston. If you look at these containers, they look small on this boat. Each one of those is just enormous. What we know is, if we can’t move goods to and from the coun-try, our economy stalls. So that is critical. We extend perma-nently prioritization for donor and en-ergy transfer ports, emerging harbors, and Great Lakes ports. We allow addi-tional ports to qualify for these funds, and we make clear that the Corps can maintain harbors of refuge. The bill also authorizes nine Chief’s reports that I mentioned in nine States that will allow investment in central port and waterway projects, including the deepening of the Charleston Harbor in South Carolina. It does no good to have these ships try to get in—if you need to dredge the waterway, you better have authoriza-tion to do it. We widen and deepen the navigation channels at Port Everglades in Florida, to address safety issues and congestion. We construct new locks in Pennsylvania at three of the oldest locks and dams on the Ohio River Sys-tem. These aging locks were built in the 1920s and the 1930s. We have to address the aging infrastructure. This is what you see the workers doing. Our ports and waterways, which are essential to the U.S. economy, moved 2.3 billion tons of goods in 2014. WRDA 2016 will provide major eco-nomic benefits that will keep us com-petitive in the global marketplace. We also deal with storms and floods. Now, we have seen these storms and floods just expand exponentially. We are stunned when we see our beautiful citi-zens looking at everything they possess being lost in a flood. It is billions of dollars of damage. It is loss of life. We have seen communities wiped out. This is the scene from Louisiana. This bill will save lives by helping to rebuild critical levee systems around the country, including levees to pro-tect the capital of my State and sur-rounding communities. Sacramento is in desperate need of flood control. We have done it year after year. We are very hopeful that the work we put into it will make sure that we do not see a Katrina happening anywhere in my State or in any other place. This bill authorizes $8 billion for 17 flood control and storm damage projects in 13 States, including a project to build levees and flood con-trol structures to reduce flood risk in San Antonio, TX. I think we have the picture of the flooding there. Look at this. We just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.026 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5661 September 13, 2016 
have to rebuild our infrastructure to protect against floods. We also have a project to rebuild aging levees in Manhattan, in Kansas, which protects public and private structures valued at $1 billion, and projects to protect coastal commu-nities in South Carolina, in Florida, North Carolina, New Jersey, and Lou-isiana. WRDA also establishes a new pro-gram at FEMA to fund the repair of high-hazard dams that present a public safety threat. These hazardous dams are threatening numerous communities across the Nation, and WRDA 2016 will make those communities safer. The bill authorizes more than $3 bil-lion for projects to restore critical eco-systems, like the Florida Everglades. WRDA 2016 updates existing programs. It creates new initiatives to advance the restoration of some of the Nation’s most iconic ecosystems, such as the Great Lakes, the Long Island Sound, the Delaware River, the Chesapeake Bay, the Columbia River, and Puget Sound. WRDA responds to the serious chal-lenges many of our communities are facing. While we have horrific flooding, we also have horrific droughts, espe-cially in the West. This was all pre-dicted by scientists who said: Watch out; climate change is coming. We have seen terrible fires, terrible flooding, terrible droughts, and more extreme weather all over. That was predicted. So we want to make sure that we can improve the operations of our dams and reservoirs to increase water supply and better conserve existing water re-sources. I have a very special excitement as-sociated with the dealing of droughts, because the bill is on my legislation, the Water in the 21st Century Act—or, as I call it, W21—to provide essential support for the development of innova-tive water technologies, such as desali-nation and water recycling. I had the opportunity to visit a desal plant in California—the only one oper-ating. It is pretty remarkable. It is not cheap. It is a public-private partner-ship. But when you need water, you need water. So, absolutely we have to look at ways to utilize energy in a smart way and move toward desal and move toward water recycling and water recharging. The bill allows States to provide ad-ditional incentives for the use of these innovative technologies, through the State revolving fund. It establishes a new, innovative water technology grant program, and it reauthorizes suc-cessful existing programs such as the Water Desalination Act. It also deals with Flint, MI. I am so grateful to everyone on both sides who allowed us to finally address Flint, MI. I want to show you what they dealt with in this corrosive piping. The State changed the way they got their water. They started to draw from highly pol-luted water. This is what it did to the pipes. As to the lead contamination in Flint, we know all about it. But it is not only in Flint. It is in other cities across the country that are dealing with aging lead pipes, such as Jackson, MS, Sebring, OH, and Durham, NC. The American people have some rights. They have a right to clean water. When they turn on their faucet, they should not be scared of what is going to come out. Yet the American Water Works Asso-ciation estimates that as many as 22 million people live in homes that re-ceive water from lead service lines. Now, this bill begins the much needed work to ensure safe, reliable drinking water for every American. It provides $100 million in State revolving fund loans and grants for communities that have a declared drinking water emer-gency. It provides more than $700 mil-lion in loans under the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act, which we call WIFIA. We have a program in transportation that my friend in the chair, the Pre-siding Officer, is very familiar with, called TIFIA, and he and I worked on together to save it. WIFIA works the same way. If a local government has revenues, they can use those to pay back the Federal Government for prac-tically interest-free loans and complete a project far faster. So this WIFIA is very exciting for me because I am leaving here. I would like to leave behind a way for communities to access help this way. It is not a give-away. It just says to a community: If you are willing to help yourself, the Federal Government can front the money. You can rebuild your infra-structure much quicker. When it comes to crumbling infra-structure, we don’t have a minute to waste. So the WRDA bill helps those communities dealing with the horrible effects of lead poisoning by investing in public health programs to help fami-lies deal with the impacts. The bill changes the law to require that com-munities are quickly notified if high lead levels are found in the drinking water. The worst thing is to ignore that and then have some child, all of a sudden, have learning disabilities, and you don’t know why. You have done every-thing right, and your child is suffering. We want to say: The minute there is too much lead in the water, parents, you are going to know about it, and you can protect your child. The one way to protect a child is to get rid of their exposure to lead, whether it is in the air, whether it is in the water, or whether it is in a product. We know that for sure. Now, in closing, I am going to talk about a few things for my great State, because we have 40 million people there. We have so much congestion, and we have so many problems. We also have so many assets—mostly our peo-ple—and we have so much beauty in that State, but I am going to talk about a few things we did. First, we authorized a critical project to revitalize the Los Angeles River. Yes, there is a river in Los Angeles. Ev-eryone kind of looks at me and says: You have to be kidding. No, there is. The whole area has been neglected. Finally, after working with the com-munity—and, boy, this took effort on everyone’s part—the city, the county, Senator F
EINSTEIN , me, and Members of Congress. Everybody worked to-gether—the Chamber of Commerce, the unions, everybody. We got together a great plan for how we are going to revi-talize the river, make it a beautiful place to go, and stimulate economic development. Our bill also authorizes a project to restore wetlands and improve flood protection in San Francisco Bay. This is one of the most iconic photos I could show you, the Golden Gate Bridge, but we need to improve flood protection. We are going to have the rising sea lev-els. I will tell you one of the great ways to get hold of that issue is to re-store wetlands because then when the floods come, it slows up, it slows up the flow, and takes the nutrients that would otherwise go into the bay. Whether we are dealing with Lake Tahoe, which I will talk about in a minute, or San Francisco Bay, you want to make sure you have your flood protection work so these wetlands will hold back the water and hold back the nutrients. We will rebuild levees that protect Sacramento, which is a critical area, and we have an amazing and important program to provide critical habitat and improve air quality near the Salton Sea. I don’t have time to go into explain-ing what the Salton Sea is, but it is one of the largest manmade lakes known. It is drying up because of the drought. What happened is, the farmers would take their extra water and dump it into the Salton Sea. There are a lot of harmful toxins from the pesticides in there. As the sea dries up, the sand holds all this toxin. When the wind blows, it carries these toxins and these chemicals into the lungs of the people who live around this gorgeous area. It was once a thriving area, but it has changed. It also is the landing place for about 400 different species of beautiful waterfowl that rest on the Pacific Flyway. It has been neglected. We need to make sure that where the sea is dry-ing out we can have pockets where there are wetlands, where there is res-toration. We are working together with the State. I am excited about the fact that this bill will authorize the use of local peo-ple, nonprofit people. City councils, su-pervisors, State and Federal Govern-ment and water districts will now be able to work together on common projects to save the Salton Sea. This is a tough one. I am going to be leaving the Senate knowing this isn’t fixed, and I don’t like that; that I will not be here to fix it. I am leaving it to every-body—that includes the Presiding Offi-cer, you will be here a while. You have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.036 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5662 September 13, 2016 
to keep your eye on the Salton Sea be-cause it is disappearing and we have to fix it. Finally, this bill invests in the res-toration of the ‘‘Jewel of the Sierra,’’ Lake Tahoe. Oh, this is something. I was just out there with Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , Senator R EID, and Governor Brown. It is quite a special place. Actu-ally, it is a treasure. California shares it with Nevada. It is home to more than 290 species of wildlife, and it lures 3 million visitors every year, but it has real problems, the same types of prob-lems I talked about with the bay—nu-trients flowing into the sea. The warm-er temperatures of Lake Tahoe mean we have algae growing. We have prob-lems with clarity, and it needs our at-tention. We have done a great job over the last 20 years when President Clinton came out. We had bipartisan support then, and we now have bipartisan sup-port from Senators R
EID, H ELLER , F
EINSTEIN , and myself to continue making sure Lake Tahoe thrives. The words everybody waits for when a Senator makes a speech, ‘‘in conclu-sion,’’ WRDA 2016 is truly a bipartisan bill which benefits every region of this great country. It will invest in our Na-tion’s water infrastructure, create jobs in the construction industry, protect people from flooding, and enable com-merce to move through our ports. It will encourage innovative financing through WIFIA, and it will begin the hard work of preparing for and re-sponding to extreme weather. The bill is supported by 90 organiza-tions—we will just give you a sample— representing business, labor, local gov-ernment, ports, environmental con-servation groups, and faith commu-nities. As an example, the California State Coastal Conservancy, the Coali-tion for the Delaware River Watershed, the Congregation of Saint Joseph, asso-ciation of water agencies, the Lake Carriers’ Association, the Michigan En-vironmental Council of the States, GreenFaith, Friends Committee on Na-tional Legislation, and Franciscan Ac-tion Network. There is one more chart. Nature Abounds, Orange County Sanitation District, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, U.S. Conference of Mayors, U.S. Great Lakes Shipping Association, and Upper Mississippi River Basin Association. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  the organizations listed on the charts. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
LETTERS OF SUPPORT —S. 2848 
UPDATED 9 –12–16 Advocates for a Clean Lake Erie; African American Health Alliance; Alliance for the Great Lakes; American Association of Port Authorities; American Council of Engineer-ing Companies; American Great Lakes Ports Association; American Public Health Asso-ciation; American Rivers; American Shore and Beach Preservation Association (ASBPA); American Society of Civil Engi-neers; Associated General Contractors of America; Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies; Bad River Watershed Association; Bay Area Council; Bay Conservation and De-velopment Commission; Bay Planning Coali-tion; BaySail; Big River Coalition; Black Heritage Society Inc.; Black Millennials for Flint; BlueGreen Alliance; California Asso-ciation of Sanitation Agencies; California Marine Affairs and Navigation Conference; California State Coastal Conservancy; Casa de Esperanza; City of Sacramento; Clean Water Action; Coalition for the Delaware River Watershed; Community Based Organi-zation Partners; Congregation of St. Joseph. Delta Institute; Ducks Unlimited; Earthjustice; Environment America; Envi-ronment Michigan; Environmental Defense Fund; Environmental Law & Policy Center; Franciscan Action Network; Freshwater for Life Action Coalition; Freshwater Future; Friends Committee on National Legislation; Genesee County Hispanic Latino Collabo-rative; Genesee County NOW; GreenFaith; GreenLatinos; Gulf Intracoastal Canal Asso-ciation; Gulf Ports Association of the Amer-icas; Headwaters Chapter, Izaak Walton League; Heart of the Lakes; Hispanic Asso-ciation of Colleges and Universities; His-panic Federation; Hoosier Environmental Council; Huron River Watershed Council; International Union of Operating Engineers; Lake Carriers Association; Land Trust Alli-ance; League of Conservation Voters; League of United Latin American Citizens; League of Women Voters of the United States. MANA, A National Latina Organization; Michigan Environmental Council; Midwest Environmental Advocates; Milwaukee Riverkeeper; National Association of Clean Water Agencies; National Association of Flood & Stormwater Management Agencies; National Association of Hispanic Federal Ex-ecutives; National Coalition Of Blacks for Reparations in America; National Con-ference of Puerto Rican Women, Inc.; Na-tional Ground Water Association; National Rural Water Association; National Wildlife Federation; Natural Resources Defense Council; Nature Abounds; North Atlantic Ports Association; Ohio Environmental Council; Orange County Sanitation District; Orange County Water District; Pacific Northwest Waterways Association; Physi-cians for Social Responsibility; Prairie Riv-ers Network; Realize America’s Maritime Promise; Rural Community Assistance Part-nership; San Francisco Public Utilities Com-mission; Save the Bay; The Bay Institute; The Nature Conservancy; U.S. Chamber of Commerce; U.S. Conference of Mayors; U.S. Great Lakes Shipping Association; Upper Mississippi River Basin Association; and Wa-terways Council, Inc. Mrs. BOXER. You can tell from just the few I read what an amazing coali-tion we have. We can do this. I have a fabulous committee that I am the ranking member of—fabulous on my side, wonderful on the Repub-lican side. We really care about getting things done. I hope we will have a fabu-lous vote on this final passage and that the House will take up our bill, pass it, and not go back to square one and start arguing. I say to my friends in this House, through this opportunity I have on the floor, this is an example of bipartisan-ship. This is an example of good gov-ernance. This is an example you should follow because we avoided the fights, we worked together, and we worked it out. Let’s get it done. Let’s get it to the President’s desk. Let’s not wait for a lameduck. There is no reason. People should be able to know we did some-thing good for them. We did something great for them. This bill, while I am sure it isn’t 100- percent perfect from anybody’s eyes, is very solid, very strong, very good. I hope we will pass it with the biggest vote we can and the House will take it up. Thank you so much for your pa-tience. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I thank and acknowledge the work of the Senator from California, as well as the chairman of the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee, not only on this WRDA bill but on previous matters re-lating to our water, resources, and our infrastructure— Mrs. BOXER. And highways. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Our highway bill. This has been a collaboration that has been recognized in the Senate. I think sometimes we joke that sometimes we have some polar opposites in the Sen-ate on certain issues, but when there is a desire and a will to create something, to create legislation and make good things happen, that good will rises to the surface. I think we have seen that play out with our colleagues from Cali-fornia and Oklahoma. Mrs. BOXER. May I make a comment through the Chair to my friend? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. I just wish to thank you because you and Senator CANT-
WELL are also an example of a team that is working through the toughest of issues. If somebody from the press asked you how do you do it—and I am sure they ask Senator I
NHOFE all the time, how do you do it with something who is a polar opposite in so many other areas—well, you have to find that sweet spot. You never know if you are going to be able to do it, but if there is good will and there is also re-spect, you can find it. You have found it in your committee. We have found it in ours. I also thank you because in all of my work, you have always been there, being very helpful and supportive, so I thank you very much. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I thank the Sen-ator from California and do recognize that tough issues come to us. If they were easy, they wouldn’t be here, and so it is our job to kind of thread that needle and do that. I know the Senator mentioned the people of Flint being happy with a res-olution here. It is not just the people of Flint and the communities you have named in California. I can tell you that when we successfully pass this, the people in the small communities of Craig, the Pribilof Islands, Seward, and Little Diomede are looking for this in-frastructure that will allow them, as very small communities, to have an economy because they now have a port, a harbor, and some infrastructure they can rely on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.047 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5663 September 13, 2016 
When we think we are not making a difference, all we need to do is look to measures such as this WRDA bill. I commend my colleague for working with me, working with Senator S
UL-
LIVAN , including many of the priorities we had tried to advance on behalf of the good people of Alaska. 
f 
KING COVE, ALASKA Ms. MURKOWSKI. As we consider their bill—and I am pleased we have moved forward with this managers’ amendment—I wish to speak to an amendment that is not part of a man-agers’ package, and it is not an amend-ment I will call up and ask for consid-eration, but it is an issue I have pre-sented to Members on the floor in the past. I wanted to take just a few min-utes this evening to bring about, again, discussion about another community, a community in Alaska, a community that is in crisis. We have heard a lot about commu-nities in crisis—whether it is Flint, MI, whether it is those communities that have suffered the flooding in Lou-isiana, but I have a community in Alaska—a little, small community of less than 1,000 people—by the name of King Cove. King Cove remains at risk, not be-cause of flooding, not because of a failed water system but because of a decision that was made by our own government, a heartless decision made by the Federal Government. King Cove’s problem is not contamination in its drinking water supply, it is some-thing far more fundamental, and it is something that virtually all of our communities—whether you are in Colo-rado or California—take for granted. What the people in King Cove are ask-ing for is a very simple road, a reliable access to medical emergency transpor-tation. They simply want to be able to reach proper care in time in the event of an injury or an illness. So for those who aren’t familiar with the small community of King Cove, it is a remote fishing community. It is about 625 air miles southwest of An-chorage. It is near the Alaska Penin-sula. Eighty-five percent of the resi-dents there are Alaska Natives. Many are Aleut and members of the federally recognized Agdaagux Tribe. As we have so many communities in the State of Alaska—in fact, 80 percent of our com-munities are not connected by road, but King Cove can only be reached by boat or by airplane. Often that is a challenge. The community is kind of nestled in this spit of land and is sur-rounded on one side by ocean and on the other by high volcanic oceans. This is an area that isn’t known for its weather. It is very high winds, huge storms, and dense fog all the way down to the ground. King Cove does have a gravel airstrip it can access, and the small planes that fly in and out regu-larly grapple with low visibility and very strong turbulence that comes down off the mountains, forces the planes down. You have gale-force cross-winds. It is not a place for beginner pi-lots. I shouldn’t even say that because it makes it sound too light. These are very serious flying conditions, but that is how you get in and out. I did mention it is accessible by boat, but if it is stormy in the air, it is also stormy on the water. Local mariners are facing the same conditions, plus you add in 12-foot to 14-foot seas to contend with. Most of the time you are saying: I am not going to travel when the weather is that foul, but there are times when you have to travel, when a medical emer-gency occurs that is beyond the capac-ity or the capability of the local clinic there. Keep in mind, this is a very small clinic. You don’t have a doctor that can just get in a car and provide services. We don’t have a doctor there. We have a physician’s assistant. We may have doctors come occasionally, but you don’t have the medical care you need. If you have severe trauma or if you are a woman in labor, if you have any kind of a serious illness, King Cove Clinic just simply cannot provide the level of service and care you need. So what do you do? The first step is to transport those who are sick and in-jured to the nearby community of Cold Bay. Cold Bay is host to a 10,000-foot- long all-weather runway. It is one of the longest runways we have in the State. It was built after World War II. It is almost always open because they don’t get the same weather conditions. Here is the beauty of it. It is only 30 miles from where you are in King Cove. So really, the challenge here, for peo-ple who need to get out quickly, is not getting from Cold Bay to Anchorage— the 625 air miles—but from King Cove to Cold Bay, 30 miles. That is the toughest part of the journey there. Having seen this firsthand, I know that for the people who live in King Cove—the Natives who live there—the best answer, really the only answer, is to do what virtually every other com-munity would do, which is build this short connector road. Keep in mind, we are talking about a distance of 30 miles between the two communities. But it is not even 30 miles I am talking about. What we are seeking is a short—about 10 to 11 miles—gravel, one-lane, noncommer-cial-use road. That is what we are talk-ing about. That is all that is needed to connect two existing roads. There is one that runs out of King Cove and an-other that runs out of Cold Bay. We need to link these two communities to finally and fully protect the health and safety of nearly 1,000 Alaskans. What we need is a 10-mile, one-lane, gravel, noncommercial-use road. One might say: Well, do it. Why haven’t you built the road? The reason is we cannot secure permission from our own Federal Government because— and here is the catch—it would cross a small sliver of the Izembek National Wildlife Refuge that was designated back in the 1980s as Federal wilderness. They failed to consult with the Native people who were in King Cove at the time, but that designation was put in place. So we have been working through this for a period of years—ac-tually, a period of decades. We thought we had this resolved back in 2009. We overwhelmingly passed a lands bill through this Cham-ber that was signed into law by this President, and it gave the Department of the Interior the ability to approve a road for King Cove. It was a land ex-change. And, quite honestly, it was an unbelievable deal. Alaskans offered a roughly 300-to-1 land exchange—a 300- to-1 land exchange—in the Federal Government’s favor. The people of King Cove said: We need 206 acres for a road corridor, and we, along with the State of Alaska, are willing to exchange 61,000 acres of our State lands and of our Native lands. Let me repeat that. They were willing to give back to the Federal Govern-ment the lands that were conveyed to the Natives upon settlement of their Native land claims so they could get a small 206-acre corridor. So between the Native lands and the State lands, a 300- to-1 land exchange was offered up—a pretty sweet deal. Against all odds, the Secretary of the Interior rejected that offer. She did this on the day before Christmas Eve back in 2013. I think she was hoping that no one was going to pay attention. She decided against cherry-stemming these 206 acres—which, keep in mind, is about 0.07 percent of the refuge—be-cause she said that somebody needs to speak up for the birds. Someone needs to speak up and represent the water-fowl. And she decided that protecting the people of King Cove while expand-ing the Izembek Refuge by tens of thousands of acres was somehow just not worth it. To this day, years later, I still strug-gle with how she could come to that decision. It was a horrible decision. It was cruel. It was coldhearted against the Alaskan Native people of King Cove who care deeply about these lands and have stewarded them for thousands of years. It was baffling. It is not as if there are no roads in this area. Since World War II, we have had roads in this area. The birds have flown. They have used it as their feeding site. It is not as if this is this protected, pristine area. The Fish and Wildlife Service brags on its Web site that local waterfowl hunt-ing is world famous and spectacular. Come on out. If you want to be a sportsman, come out and go hunt on the refuge here. But you can’t have this 10-mile, one-lane, gravel, non-commercial-use road there because someone has to watch out for the birds. The decision reflects a double stand-ard when you think about refuges in other parts of the country. We have roads through our refuges throughout the country, whether in Florida, Mary-land, Texas, Louisiana, North Carolina, Arizona, Montana, Missouri, Illinois, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.048 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5664 September 13, 2016 
New Mexico, Nevada, or Washington State. So this would not be the first time you would have a small, narrow road through a refuge area. It is also ignorant. It is ignorant of the fact that human lives have been lost in King Cove as medevacs were at-tempted in bad weather. We have had a total of 19 people who have died since 1980, either in plane crashes or because they didn’t last before they could be taken out. The decision of the Department of the Interior was cynical. It was cal-lous. It devastated the people of King Cove, who finally thought help was on the way. It shattered the trust respon-sibility the Federal Government is sup-posed to have to our Native people, and it has left these people in the same sit-uation they have been in for decades now. They are at the mercy of the ele-ments. They have the potential to suf-fer needless pain, perhaps even death, if they should have a medical emergency. People have said to me: Well, L
ISA, there are lots of places in Alaska where it is really tough to get in and out of, where weather shuts you down and you are not connected by a road. So why is King Cove so different, so special? It is not that they are so different or so spe-cial; it is that there is an easier answer that is right there. In many of the communities, there is not an easier an-swer. Again, we are talking about a small connector road that could be the answer here. It has been nearly 1,000 days since Secretary Jewell decided just to wash her hands of this issue. She promised the local residents she was going to fig-ure out a way to help them gain reli-able transportation to Cold Bay. In-stead of working toward a real solu-tion, she has decided to run the clock out. We have seen no engagement with local residents, no budget request, no administrative action, just one topical study of alternatives. And this alter-native is one that has been examined before and rejected before as unwork-able. As chairman of the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee, I held an oversight hearing earlier this year, and the Presiding Officer had an oppor-tunity to hear from the residents of King Cove, to hear what they have gone through, the anguish this has caused their community. We heard about King Cove’s decades-long fight for a lifesaving road from its mayor and from its spokeswoman of the Agdaagux Tribe. We heard strong sup-port for the road from Alaska’s Lieu-tenant Governor, a member of the Democratic Party and an Alaskan Na-tive. We also heard from a representa-tive of the National Congress of Amer-ican Indians. We also heard some really unsettling things. We heard about the Valium dis-penser at the local medical clinic, where many of the residents who have such anxiety and stress about flying— because of the hazards of flying out of this little strip—are given two pills out of these dispensaries, one for the flight out of King Cove and one for when they return. We also heard from a retired Coast Guard commander who led a mission to locate a plane crash that killed four in-dividuals, including a fisherman who was being medevaced out because of an amputated foot. The commander told us about the horror of finding these bodies still upright, belted into their seats, with limbs that were frozen and could not be untangled—a memory you just don’t ever forget. King Cove has now had a total of 51 more medevacs—51 more medevacs— since Secretary Jewell’s decision in De-cember of 2013 when she rejected this road. Our U.S. Coast Guard has carried out 17 of those medevacs, risking their own crews to rescue those in need. We thank them for that, though that is not the Coast Guard’s mission. But they are there when you call them. Those patients who have been medevaced have been individuals in terrible pain and trauma. One man had dislocated both hips when a 600-pound crab pot fell on him. We have had el-derly residents with internal bleeding or sepsis or apparent heart attacks. We had an infant baby boy who was strug-gling to breathe. Just this past month—we think: Oh, summertime, August, good weather. This was a bad month for King Cove. No fewer than four medevacs have been carried out. One was an elderly woman who arrived at the medical clinic with a hip fracture. She needed to be medevaced to Anchorage but had to wait for more than 40 hours because the heavy fog on the ground would not lift. So that is what is happening in King Cove without a lifesaving road. And I know, Mr. President, that King Cove, AK, is a long way from where we are here. Many in this Chamber—most in this Chamber—will never go there. Most people in America will not ever go there. But as remote as they are, as small as this community is, I would re-mind my colleagues this is still an American community. These are Amer-icans. These are people who deserve to have our help, and it is our job to assist them. They are not asking for much. We should not let this continue. The people of King Cove are suffering, and it is entirely within our power to pro-tect them. My amendment, and what I have offered in legislation and in amendments, is an opportunity, after decades of waiting and delay and frus-tration and pain, to finally authorize a short, one-lane, gravel, noncommer-cial-use road. As I mentioned, I am not going to be raising my amendment to a vote on the WRDA bill, but I do want the Senate to understand it is well past time to help the good people of King Cove. We need to ensure they have reliable access to emergency medical transportation, and we need to do it this year so that we can put an end to the dangers, an end to the anxiety, an end to the suffering this community is enduring because of a decision by our own Federal Govern-ment. With that, Mr. President, I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DAINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
CONSTITUTION WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the last 229 years, one document has shaped our system of government and embodied the character of our country. It has guided us through crisis and pro-moted our national ideals of equal jus-tice, limited government, and the rule of law. I speak, of course, of the U.S. Con-stitution. More than two centuries ago, the Founders met to write it in the same Pennsylvania State House, now called Independence Hall, where the Declaration of Independence was signed and where George Washington received his commission as commander of the Continental Army. The Constitution was drafted in 1787 and signed in that year on September 17. That is why this coming week of September 17 to the 23 is Constitution Week, a time we set aside to com-memorate this revered document. During Constitution Week, we teach the history of our Constitution and of America’s promise of liberty for all to the younger generations. One organiza-tion that has taken the lead in helping young Kentuckians learn about the Constitution is the Bryan Station chapter of the National Society Daugh-ters of the American Revolution. Lo-cated in Lexington, the Bryan Station NSDAR will reach out to several schools in the area to help students un-derstand the historical significance of our guiding document. They will work to educate students of their rights and responsibilities as citizens. They will show them how the Constitution lays the foundation for our country’s heritage of liberty. And they will encourage students to study the historical events which led to the drafting of the Constitution and its signing on September 17, 1787. So in commemoration of Constitu-tion Week 2016, I want to commend the Bryan Station NSDAR for their com-mitment to civic participation and civic education in the Commonwealth. I want to recognize all the students, teachers, and community leaders in Kentucky and across the Nation who are working to spread an under-standing of the Constitution and the ideals it symbolizes. I also want to especially recognize and thank the men and women in uni-form who swear an oath to defend our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.049 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5665 September 13, 2016 
Constitution, particularly those who serve in Kentucky at Fort Knox, Fort Campbell, the Blue Grass Army Depot, or as Reservists or members of the Na-tional Guard. Without their service and sacrifice, we would not enjoy the lib-erties enshrined in this historical docu-ment. As Abraham Lincoln once said, ours is a government of the people, by the people, and for the people. The Con-stitution begins with the very words, ‘‘We the people.’’ It ensures that, in America, power is dependent on the consent of the people. And that prin-ciple has helped to build a nation that represents the greatest hope for free-dom around the world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARGARET HOULIHAN SMITH Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I want to congratulate a former member of my Senate staff, Margaret Houlihan Smith. Margaret served as my Chicago director and previously as a senior member of my 1996 campaign team. Since 2004, Margaret has served as di-rector of corporate and government af-fairs for United Airlines, responsible for advancing its legislative objectives and protecting its commercial inter-ests in Illinois. Next week, Margaret is receiving the Rerum Novarum Award at St. Joseph College Seminary in Chicago. The Rerum Novarum Award, or Rights and Duties of Capital and Labor, is named after an encyclical written by Pope Leo XIII in 1891 that addressed issues facing the working class. Specifically, Rerum Novarum’s fundamental principles are respect for the dignity of every person and their labor, the right to organize and belong to a union, and the right to a living wage. Every year, on behalf of St. Joseph College Seminary, the Seminary Sa-lutes Committee honors men and women who have supported these ideals in the Chicagoland area. Well, I want to tell you that the committee couldn’t have made a better choice than Mar-garet Houlihan Smith. Margaret learned the importance of these values and public service from her father, Dan Houlihan. Known as Dan-the-man to his constituents—he represented the South Side of Chi-cago—the Beverly neighborhood—in the Illinois House of Representatives. Public service was in Margaret’s blood. So it is no surprise that, after grad-uating from St. Mary’s College in Wi-nona, MN, Margaret started right at the top in Illinois politics and began working for Michael Madigan, Speaker of the Illinois House of Representa-tives. In 1995, she helped run my first Senate campaign. And in 1996, Mar-garet agreed to be the director of my Chicago office. Her boundless energy, quick wit, and great judgment made her an outstanding member of my staff and set a high bar for those that fol-lowed. One day, while working in my Chi-cago office, Margaret lost her voice. When she tried to talk, she croaked like a frog. Her doctor urged her to stop talking for about a week. But any-one that knows Margaret knows this would be a challenge. You see, Mar-garet is the definition of an Irish lass: a wonderful sense of humor and, above all, a great storyteller—so great that she never stops telling stories. And let me assure you, her doctor’s urgings didn’t stop her. But I couldn’t be more proud that Margaret is still out there sharing stories and lending her voice to the issues that matter in her commu-nity. Margaret is driven by a willingness to offer a helping hand and is one of the most generous people I have had the pleasure to know. In her spare time, she serves on the boards of Misericordia Heart of Mercy, Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Mu-seum, Irish Fellowship of Chicago, the Civic Federation, and the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce PAC Board. If that wasn’t enough, Margaret is also a founding member of the Illinois Wom-en’s Institute for Leadership. She is an extraordinarily accom-plished professional, but it is her car-ing heart that makes Margaret such a deserving recipient of this award. For more than a decade, Margaret has served on the Seminary Salutes Com-mittee, tirelessly advocating for the St. Joseph College Seminary. Year after year, she works to raise money and vocation awareness in Chicagoland. And because of her ef-forts, the Seminary Salutes annual fundraising event, which benefits the scholarship program for low-income students, continues to be a success. I am honored to congratulate her on all the work she has done for St. Joseph College Seminary. Despite her many achievements, her proudest accomplishment is her fam-ily. Never forgetting where she comes from—a trait her father and his be-loved wife of 50 years, Mary Alice Houlihan, instilled in her—Margaret lives in the Beverly neighborhood of Chicago with her husband, Jim, and their two children: 8-year-old son Jack and 6-year-old daughter Maeve. Let me close with this: Margaret’s fa-ther used to have a favorite saying— ‘‘He has a big hat size.’’ It was Dan’s way to describe someone who was full of themselves. Well, Margaret has never forgotten those words and always stayed humble. I couldn’t be more proud of the work she has done and the person she has become. And although her father is no longer with us, I know he feels the same way. Congratulations, Margaret, on a well- deserved honor. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for 2 years, President Obama’s five emi-nently qualified nominees to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims have been awaiting a vote. This court has been referred to as the ‘‘keeper of the na-tion’s conscience’’ and ‘‘the People’s Court.’’ It was created by Congress ap-proximately 160 years ago and em-bodies the constitutional principle that individuals have rights against their government. As President Lincoln said, ‘‘It is as much the duty of Government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens, as it is to admin-ister the same between private individ-uals.’’ That is what this Court does: it allows citizens to seek prompt justice against our government. Yet 2 years of obstruction by a single Senator, the junior Senator from Ar-kansas, has forced the court to operate without one-third of its allotted judges. While these five nominees have been waiting for a vote, another judge retired, leaving the court with only 10 judges for 16 seats, or a vacancy rate of 38 percent. This takes Senate Repub-lican obstruction of judicial nominees to a new level. The court’s jurisdiction is authorized by statute, and it primarily hears mon-etary claims against the U.S. Govern-ment deriving from the Constitution, Federal statutes, executive regula-tions, and civilian or military con-tracts. For example, the court has pre-sided over such important cases as the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and the World War II internment of Japa-nese-Americans. It also presides over civilian and military pay claims and money claims under the Fifth Amend-ment’s Takings Clause. I have heard no objections to the qualifications of any of the five nomi-nees to this court. One of these nomi-nees, Armando Bonilla, would be the first Hispanic judge to hold a seat on the Court. He is endorsed by the His-panic National Bar Association. He has spent his entire career—now spanning over two decades—as an attorney for the Department of Justice. He was hired out of law school in the Depart-ment’s prestigious honors program and has risen to become the Associate Dep-uty Attorney General in the Depart-ment. Mr. Bonilla should be confirmed without further delay. Another nominee, Jeri Somers, also has a long record of public service. She served her country in the Air Force, re-tiring with the rank of lieutenant colo-nel. She spent over two decades serving first as a judge advocate general and then as a military judge in the U.S. Air Force and the District of Columbia’s Air National Guard. In 2007, she be-came a board judge with the U.S. Civil-ian Board of Contract Appeals and cur-rently serves as its vice chair. Armando Bonilla and Jeri Somers are just two of the five nominees that Sen-ate Republicans have been denying a confirmation vote. These are two indi-viduals that have done right every step of the way in their careers and are will-ing to serve the American people on this important Court. They have dedi-cated the majority of their careers in service to our Nation. They deserve better than the treatment they are re-ceiving from the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.045 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5666 September 13, 2016 
During the Bush administration, the Senate confirmed nine judges to the Court of Federal Claims, with the sup-port of every Senate Republican. So far, during the Obama administration, only three Court of Federal Claims nominees have received confirmation votes. That is nine CFC judges during the Bush administration to only three so far in the Obama administration. It appears that the Senate Repub-licans’ obstruction playbook leaves no court behind. It spans from the very top, with their complete refusal to give a hearing and a vote to Chief Judge Merrick Garland, to the article III cir-cuit and district courts, to the article I Court of Federal Claims, where citi-zens go to sue their government. This blockade of all five CFC nomi-nees makes no sense, especially be-cause not a single Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee raised a concern about these nominees either during the committee hearings on these nominations 2 years ago or dur-ing the Committee debate 2 years ago or last year. None of President Bush’s nominees to the Court of Federal Claims spent longer than 4 months on the Senate floor before receiving a confirmation vote. Two of them waited only a single day. After 2 years, it is well past time for these five nominees to receive a vote so they can get to work on the shorthanded Court of Federal Claims. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VERMONT CEN-TER FOR EMERGING TECH-NOLOGIES Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Vermonters are proud of the innova-tion and creativity that generate suc-cessful businesses in our small State. And for years, Vermont’s tech incu-bator, the Vermont Center for Emerg-ing Technology, VCET, has been pro-viding space for entrepreneurs to take the next steps in driving their startup businesses. As demonstrated in a re-cent profile of VCET in the New York Times, any objective observer can see Vermont as more than just an outdoor enthusiasts’ playground—but also as an oyster community of emerging tech-nologies and innovative thinking in building smart cities and the infra-structure to go with them. It is no secret that Vermont is full of entrepreneurs eager to take the next steps in their respective fields. From ice cream to craft beverages, digital forensics to game programming, our State is home to many successful busi-ness endeavors. The Vermont Center for Emerging Technologies plays a key role in expanding Vermont’s tech net-work while addressing the skilled labor shortage in the State. At its helm is president and fund manager David Bradbury, whose vision for the city of Burlington as an east coast Silicon Valley has driven the nonprofit’s devel-opment and success. Housed in a brick building in down-town Burlington, VCET is powered by a city-owned green energy grid with an enviable fast internet connection. The small but skilled team not only man-ages the Vermont Seed Capital Fund to administer initial funding for high-op-portunity businesses and teams but also provides mentoring and advice to new startups. In collaboration with other Burlington-based companies and nonprofits, including BTV Ignite and Vermont HITECH, VCET encourages technology pioneers to dream big. With the help of local colleges offering courses in high growth fields, students learn the skills needed to thrive in a fast-changing economy. In turn, Vermont employers benefit from a larger pool of skilled technology work-ers, while employees gain access to better jobs and benefits. The success of David’s vision to grow Burlington into a technology hub while addressing the lack of skilled workers is rooted in something deeper than the rapidly expanding field of technology. Vermont’s community and socially fo-cused values bring neighbors together to benefit from shared experiences while providing local, sustainable, and accessible services. Corporate responsi-bility and attention to green energy re-flect Vermont’s commitment to less-ening our environmental footprint while promoting energy conservation and efficiency. Whether encouraging Vermonters to pursue their passion for technology or forging new paths in the field, VCET is spurring economic devel-opment and technology jobs through-out our Green Mountain State. I ask unanimous consent that a New York Times article from July 20, ‘‘A ‘Smart’ Green Tech Hub in Vermont Reimagines the Status Quo,’’ be print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From The New York Times, July 20, 2016] A ‘‘S
MART ’’ GREEN TECHHUB IN VERMONT  R
EIMAGINES THE STATUS QUO (By Constance Gustke) Inside a plain brick building in Burlington lies the Vermont Center for Emerging Tech-nologies, a buzzing hipster incubator that looks as if it could be in Silicon Valley. It is powered invisibly by forces that any city would envy: a green grid that is highly en-ergy-efficient and a superfast one-gigabit internet connection. ‘‘People would kill for this internet con-nection,’’ said Tom Torti, president of the Lake Champlain Regional Chamber of Com-merce. ‘‘For us to grow our tech network, we needed to double down on fiber network.’’ The new Burlington economy is going to be knowledge- and skills-based, he added. This digital superhighway runs through beautiful Burlington, a small city sand-wiched between the distant Green Mountains and the 125-mile-long Lake Champlain. It is an outlier as far as emerging technology hubs and so-called smart cities go. But Bur-lington, which has a lower unemployment rate than Silicon Valley, is now spawning a wave of technology pioneers. The technology center, called VCET, pro-vides free advice, mentoring, seed money and gorgeous co-working spaces that are avail-able to entrepreneurs for a low fee. Students can use these spaces free, so Max Robbins and Peter Silverman, 20-year-old college stu-dents, are starting their business, Beacon VT, there. It is similar to the dating site OkCupid, but for employment, matching stu-dents with employers. ‘‘We’re trying to give people an unfair ad-vantage,’’ said David Bradbury, president and fund manager at VCET. ‘‘There’s noth-ing too big that you can’t dream here. And the snowball is moving faster.’’ An ultrahigh-speed internet backbone even helped Burlington form a partnership with US Ignite, which aims to build the next gen-eration of internet apps, to form BTV Ignite. Its goal is to mindfully build on the city’s network and further innovation, said Mi-chael Schirling, who heads BTV Ignite. ‘‘Smart cities and new technologies have the potential to change everything,’’ said Mr. Schirling, a former Burlington police chief ‘‘When you put in the right building blocks, you get a collision of ideas, which can become self-generating. It’s attitude and infrastructure.’’ A result is that Burlington, once a timber port, has a stunningly low unemployment rate of 2.3 percent. On the downside, the city is also experiencing a skilled-labor shortage; hundreds of coding jobs alone languish on job boards. Burlington was named a TechHire city by the White House in 2016 to help link local employers with local workers, and to help these workers get the skills they need for a fast-changing economy. The designa-tion does not come with funding, but it does help Burlington get grants for free training. The TechHire mandate in Burlington is to train 400 technology workers through 2020. ‘‘We want younger people to know that there are career opportunities here,’’ Mr. Torti said. ‘‘We’re trying to grow our work force rather than importing it.’’ A nonprofit organization known as Vermont Hitec is a crucial part of that vi-sion. It works in partnership with local compa-nies to offer boot camps online and in class-rooms that teach skills such as medical cod-ing and programming that lead to good-pay-ing jobs with benefits. Vermont Information Processing, which develops software for the beverage industry, has been working with Vermont Hitec so that it can retrain or recruit employees as its business grows and it becomes less inter-ested in outsourcing. Colleges like the University of Vermont, which offers a biotechnology program, and Champlain College are also helping solve the employment puzzle Champlain College offers degrees in high-demand careers like digital forensics and game programming, along with a special program for federal employees who can get online degrees in high-growth fields. ‘‘We’re responsive, nimble and entrepre-neurial,’’ said Don Laackman, president of Champlain College. ‘‘There’s a connection between employment needs and sources of-fered.’’ Burlington got its first push into tech-nology start-ups when IDX Systems, a health care software maker, was founded there in 1969. It was sold to General Electric about 10 years ago. ‘‘IDX created a lot of wealth and talent, and these people could be angel investors,’’ Mr. Bradbury said. ‘‘It was a tipping point.’’ The next wave of innovation has come from internet companies like MyWebGrocer, which offers digital grocery services, and Dealer.com, which offers digital marketing services for the auto industry. Dealer.com became a legend in Burlington after it was sold for $1 billion a couple of years ago. Mike Lane, one of Dealer.com’s founders and its former chief operations officer, who is now on the VCET board, is an angel investor who has funded eight start-ups. One of his invest-ments is Faraday Inc., which uses data ana-lytics to help companies target customers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.046 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5667 September 13, 2016 
‘‘In the future, there will be several $50 million to $100 million exits here,’’ Mr. Lane said, ‘‘along with other larger ones mixed in.’’ He credits Vermont’s community and so-cially conscious spirit with his success. ‘‘We didn’t buy the philosophy that we had to be in a hot spot,’’ said Mr. Lane, who returned to Vermont after working in Cambridge, Mass. ‘‘Even Zuckerberg realized that he could have been anywhere to build Facebook.’’ That can-do spirit also inspired Marguerite Dibble, 26, who began her firm GameTheory while she was still a student at Champlain College. Its mission is to use gaming to in-spire behavior changes, such as teaching teens financial literacy. ‘‘In Burlington, I can call anyone and learn from their experience,’’ said Ms. Dibble, who was born in a small Vermont town with no ZIP code. ‘‘The degrees of separation are lessened here. There’s a shared Vermonti- ness.’’ The energy to power GameTheory’s inno-vation comes from Burlington’s green grid, which is owned by the city. The state has long been one of the country’s greenest. But in 2014, Burlington upped the ante by turning only to wind, water and biomass to power the city—one of the first cities in the nation to do so. There are also incentives for reduc-ing energy. Landlords, for example, can choose to have free energy audits, and more than 100 have done so. Other Burlington businesses also work hard to save energy on their own. Seventh Generation, which makes environmentally conscious household products and was found-ed in Burlington, gives its employees bo-nuses for helping reduce greenhouse gases. Like many other companies in Burlington, Seventh Generation also aims to be socially responsible and was formed as a B Corp, which means it has to meet social, environ-mental, accountability and transparency standards. With this focus on energy efficiency, the city’s electricity rates have not risen in eight years, said Neale Lunderville, general manager of the Burlington Electric Depart-ment. ‘‘And there are no rate increases on the horizon,’’ he said, ‘‘since we’re not chas-ing the next kilowatt-hour.’’ Electric cars even have their own parking spaces with chargers. Burlington will eventually become a net- zero city, said the mayor, Miro Weinberger. ‘‘Our isolation promotes a commitment to pride and place,’’ he said. The city that helped propel Senator Bernie Sanders also has its own nonprofit urban farm called the Intervale Center. The land was once an abandoned dumping ground with old tires and cars. That space now contains 350 acres with bee hives, commercial farms, greenhouses and other projects. Through its food hub, local foods are delivered to area businesses and individuals. Intervale’s farm incubator, a five-year pro-gram, even teaches new farmers the ropes, said Travis Marcotte, executive director of Intervale Center. ‘‘They then transition out of the Intervale,’’ he said, ‘‘So we’re spinning off whole farms.’’ It is a hopeful message, Mr. Marcotte said. f 
MAKE THE LAW WORK FOR EVERYONE WITH DISABILITIES Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, the con-stituencies in North Carolina are as varied as any in America. I am honored to represent America’s largest Army Post—Fort Bragg—as well as 45 percent of the U.S. Marine Corps at Camp Lejeune and Cherry Point. Because of their presence and our proud military tradition, by 2020, one in every nine North Carolinians will be a veteran. We are also home to outstanding compa-nies that serve our disabled citizens like the Winston-Salem Industries for the Blind. The confluence of these two communities—veterans and services for the disabled—and how each is treat-ed by the Federal Government is of particular concern to me. For decades, both the general dis-abled community and the disabled vet-erans’ community have existed in a harmonious balance when it came to securing jobs and competitive con-tracts with the Federal Government. The Javits Wagner O’Day Act of 1938, the AbilityOne Program, and the Vet-erans Benefits, Health Insurance, and Information Technology Act of 2006 as-sist Americans who are blind, citizens with severe disabilities, and our U.S. military veterans through leveraging the procurement power of the U.S. De-partment of Veteran Affairs. Unfortu-nately, the recent Kingdomware Tech-nologies, Inc. v. United States Supreme Court ruling reinterpreted these acts to preclude certain disabled groups from bidding for jobs and business with the Department of Veterans Affairs. These are not laws designed to build barriers to stop disabled veterans from bidding for work outside of the Vet-erans Administration or the blind for bidding for work within the VA, but that is what has happened. I am asking my colleagues in Con-gress to take another look at this situ-ation. Level the playing field. These laws should continue their mutual co-existence by maintaining set-aside op-portunities that create sustainable em-ployment opportunities for the 70 per-cent of blind or severely disabled Americans who are seeking jobs, in ad-dition to competitive contract oppor-tunities for veterans who take the ini-tiative to start their own small busi-nesses. Let’s get this right. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING MARION COUNTY’S COMMITMENT TO VETERANS ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize Marion County, AR, on becoming the first Purple Heart County in Arkansas on November 15, 2015. Created by George Washington in 1782, the Purple Heart is our Nation’s oldest military medal. The Purple Heart is awarded to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded or killed in combat. These men and women are some of the finest heroes that our Nation has to offer. Last year, Marion County chose to honor the service and sacrifice of our Purple Heart heroes in Arkansas by be-coming the first Purple Heart County in Arkansas. Marion County’s unwav-ering support of the heroic actions of our Purple Heart recipients stands as a reflection of the appreciation and grat-itude of its residents. Marion County recently held a cele-bration of its designation as Arkansas’ first Purple Heart County that brought the community together to honor Pur-ple Heart recipients. Showing our ad-miration for those who have served and sacrificed so much for our freedom is such a worthy endeavor, and this rec-ognition is well deserved. On behalf of all Arkansans, I echo the sentiments of the citizens of Marion County in saying how grateful we are for our veterans and their willingness to serve their country. There truly is no greater display of service and sac-rifice than that. I would like to take this opportunity to applaud Marion County for publicly recognizing our veterans and Purple Heart recipients by becoming Arkan-sas’ first Purple Heart County. Arkan-sas is proud that our local commu-nities are paying respect to our vet-erans and standing behind them. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING CRAWFORD COUNTY ADULT EDUCATION CENTER ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Crawford Coun-ty Adult Education Center as it cele-brates its 50th anniversary this year. Founded in 1966, the Crawford County Adult Education Center offers ongoing learning opportunities and helps pre-pare students for career advancement, postsecondary education, technological innovation, and life enrichment. Among many other services, the center offers classes in computer literacy, English as a Second Language, and citizenship, as well as courses that allow adult learners to earn their GED. It also provides students the oppor-tunity to take college-level classes through Vincennes University. While we strive to give our children the best educational opportunities available, it is important to recognize that some people in our communities are forced to put their educations on hold for various reasons. Adult edu-cation programs are an important re-source in helping these individuals to better themselves, continue their edu-cational development, seek out tools to help them advance in their careers, or learn new skills. The Crawford County Adult Edu-cation Center lives up to those respon-sibilities and then some. It has helped many Crawford County residents real-ize their full potential and pursue their dreams. It is never too late for anybody to set new goals or invest in themselves through continued education. As many who have benefitted from the services of the adult education center in Crawford County have attested, the ex-cellent staff and volunteers play such a vital role in providing opportunities to citizens in all stages of life. Addition-ally, the results of the center’s high- quality services and programs speak for themselves. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.028 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5668 September 13, 2016 
Let me again reiterate my gratitude for the wonderful work that the Crawford County Adult Education Cen-ter does each day. I congratulate the center on achieving this milestone as it celebrates 50 years of service, and I look forward to hearing many more success stories as a result of the cen-ter’s ongoing work.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IDAHO STATE POLICE ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, my col-league Senator J
IMRISCH joins me today in honoring the Idaho State Po-lice, ISP, of Meridian, ID, for being se-lected as a recipient of the 2016 Sec-retary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award, known as the Free-dom Award. The U.S. Department of Defense indi-cates that the Freedom Award is the highest recognition it gives to employ-ers for ‘‘exceptional support of their National Guard and Reserve employ-ees.’’ The ISP is one of only 15 employ-ers chosen this year for this national recognition out of the 2,424 nomina-tions submitted by National Guard and Reserve Servicemembers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter stated, ‘‘Without the unfaltering support of employers like them, the men and women of the National Guard and Reserve would not be able to fulfill their vital roles in our National Security Strategy.’’ The Freedom Award has been given to 220 employers over the past 20 years. Guard and Reserve members or their family members nominate employers for the Freedom Award. This makes the award especially meaningful, as nominators have direct knowledge of their treatment at work. The Depart-ment reported that Army National Guard Sgt. Sara Breckon, who suffered a concussion during Active-Duty train-ing, nominated the ISP for this year’s award. She described to the Depart-ment how her supervisor went the extra mile working with her medical team to assist with her progressive re-turn to work, successful therapy, and recovery. Her coworkers also assisted by donating 80 hours of personal leave so she could receive her pay. Sergeant Breckon told the department, ‘‘It is a privilege to work for ISP as they set the bar for all leaders in the military and civilian sectors.’’ The Department of Defense also noted that the Idaho State Police ac-tively recruits Guardsmen and Reserv-ists through the Hero2Hired program, and 18 percent of the Idaho State Po-lice workforce has served or is serving in the U.S. Armed Forces. The ISP joins a group of four Idaho employers selected for the award since the Free-dom Award was established. Being recognized as a great employer of Guardsmen and women and Reserv-ists is a distinct accomplishment. We commend the Idaho State Police for setting a model leadership standard. The men and women who serve in the Guard and Reserve and their families give immensely of their time and tal-ents to serving our Nation. Their skills and commitment add great value to the workforce and our communities. This award is a tribute to the excellent treatment and regard Idaho employers have demonstrated to valued members of our communities. Congratulations to the Idaho State Police on this achievement.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING ELECTRIC MEMBER-SHIP COOPERATIVE EMPLOYEES ∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize and thank Steve Robinson, Wesley Thames, David Baskin, James Abbott, Andrew Harris, and Ian Hansman. They work for Cowetta-Fayette EMC, and Cobb EMC, and Carroll EMC, electric co-operatives in the great State of Geor-gia. In July, these gentlemen traveled to Costa Rica as volunteers for the Na-tional Rural Electric Cooperative Asso-ciation International Foundation. Dur-ing their time in the town of Guanacaste, they helped construct an electric distribution system and worked alongside employees at the local electric co-op, Coopeguanacaste. Along with local linemen, their vol-unteer efforts connected five families in Guanacaste with first-time access to electricity by building almost 2 kilo-meters of power lines. While working together, they shared safety and best construction practices with their coun-terparts at Coopeguanacaste. Access to electric service for these families will improve their quality of life and allow them to compete in a growing and competitive economy. With electricity, these families can im-prove their livestock farming by pre-serving meats and dairy products, be-ginning their own businesses or selling at the market. This first-time access to electricity also will help with environ-mental conservation because residents will no longer need to burn wood and other traditional fuels for cooking and light. National Rural Electric Cooperative Association International has been ac-tive in rural electrification develop-ment in Costa Rica since 1963, with di-rect involvement in the establishment of four electric cooperatives in Costa Rica. Today these co-ops serve approxi-mately 200,000 consumer members. Thanks to these volunteers, more families in the world now have a chance to a better life. Once again, thank you to these fine Georgians for their work, dedication, and selfless commitment to improving the lives of others.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROYAL MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would like to congratulate and honor Royal Missionary Baptist Church in North Charleston, SC, for their 100th anniver-sary, which will be celebrated on Sep-tember 25, 2016. Originally founded in 1916 by Rev. Handy Washington, the Royal Mis-sionary Baptist Church was first housed in the home of Sister Brooks. In its early years, many of the members worked together to construct their own building in Burton Quarters. The church then purchased their Pearson Street property and today is blessed with both the Pearson Sanctuary and their Luella Street property to better serve God. Rev. Isaac J. Holt, Jr., has served the church as its pastor since 1993. Under his leadership, the church has pros-pered and expanded to such an extent that it was necessary to add two new services and build an additional sanc-tuary. The church has faithfully upheld its motto, ‘‘The Church where Every-body is Somebody But Christ is Essen-tial,’’ and proudly credits the guidance of Jesus and the Holy Spirit for their success. I acknowledge with pleasure the church’s influence in North Charleston and recognize their growth and success.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on September 12, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2040. An act to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on September 12, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
ORNYN ). 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 12:08 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1579. An act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.039 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5669 September 13, 2016 
American communities, increase coordina-tion and collaboration between Federal tour-ism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 246. An act to establish the Alyce Spot-ted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution: 
S. Con. Res. 46. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to continue to reaffirm its commit-ment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holo-caust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 295. An act to reauthorize the Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities His-toric Preservation program. H.R. 921. An act to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a sec-ondary State. H.R. 1301. An act to direct the Federal Communications Commission to amend its rules so as to prohibit the application to amateur stations of certain private land use restrictions, and for other purposes. H.R. 3471. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 4576. An act to implement the Conven-tion on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes. H.R. 4979. An act to foster civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies and enhance the licensing and commercial deployment of such tech-nologies. H.R. 5104. An act to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice in commerce, the sale or use of certain software to cir-cumvent control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes. H.R. 5111. An act to prohibit the use of cer-tain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes. H.R. 5484. An act to modify authorities that provide for rescission of determinations of countries as state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes. H.R. 5936. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to enter into cer-tain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los An-geles, California, to make certain improve-ments to the enhanced-use lease authority of the Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 5937. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Bat-tle Monuments Commission to acquire, oper-ate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Coquette, France, and for other purposes. The message further announced that pursuant to section 803(a) of the Con-gressional Recognition for Excellence in Arts Education Act (2 U.S.C. 803(a)), the Minority Leader appoints Mr. Ste-ven L. Roberts of St. Louis, Missouri, to the Congressional Award Board. The message also announced that pursuant to section 214(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20944), the Minority Leader appoints Dr. Philip B. Stark of Berkeley, Cali-fornia, to the U.S. Election Assistance Commission Board of Advisors. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 5:30 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1579. An act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordina-tion and collaboration between Federal tour-ism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. H.R. 3969. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 295. An act to reauthorize the Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities His-toric Preservation program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 921. An act to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a sec-ondary State; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 3471. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 4979. An act to foster civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies and enhance the licensing and commercial deployment of such tech-nologies; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 5104. An act to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice in commerce, the sale or use of certain software to cir-cumvent control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5484. An act to modify authorities that provide for rescission of determinations of countries as state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 3318. A bill to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes. ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on September 12, 2016, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2040. An act to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2383. A bill to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of the Air Force to fa-cilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–349). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 2548. A bill to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–350). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Timothy M. Ray, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Mark C. Nowland, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Jerry P. Martinez, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Paul M. Nakasone, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Aundre F. Piggee, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Charles A. Richard, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Philip G. Howe, to be Vice Admiral. Air Force nomination of Col. Charles L. Plummer, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Samuel A. Greaves, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Mark D. Kelly, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Col. Joseph F. Jarrard, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Laurel J. Hum-mel, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Gustave F. Perna, to be General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Daniel R. Hokanson, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. James G. Foggo III, to be Vice Admiral. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. John W. Raymond, to be General. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.004 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5670 September 13, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Na-than J. Abel and ending with Bai Lan Zhu, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 16, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Ebon S. Alley and ending with Kendra S. Zbir, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 16, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Olujimisola M. Adelani and ending with Kellie J. Zentz, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 16, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Ste-ven S. Alexander and ending with Stacey Scott Zdanavage, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Air Force nomination of Rebecca L. Pow-ers, to be Major. Air Force nomination of William L. White, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Anthony B. Mulhare, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Robert M. Clontz II and ending with Rebecca K. Kemmet, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Air Force nomination of Paul K. Clark, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Anthony S. Rob-bins, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Andrell J. Hardy, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Hector I. Martinezpineiro, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Chattie N. Levy and ending with Lisa G. Wilson, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Arthur J. Bilenker and ending with Inez E. Wright, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with John J. Brady and ending with Elizabeth A. Werns, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Richard J. Butalla and ending with Mark B. Young, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Chris-topher B. Aasgaard and ending with William A. Socrates, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nomination of Paul V. Rahm, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Michael A. Dean and ending with Mark O. Worley, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Jonnie L. Bailey and ending with Ilona L. Wright, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Gordon B. Chiu and ending with Paul A. Viator, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Scott B. Armen and ending with Jon S. Yamaguchi, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Thad J. Collard and ending with Michael L. Yost, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Ann M. B. Hall and ending with David W. Rose, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Garry E. Oneal and ending with Cristopher A. Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 14, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Freddy L. Adams II and ending with D012362, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Alissa R. Ackley and ending with D003185, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Geof-frey R. Adams and ending with D005579, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Brian Bickel and ending with Melissa F. Tucker, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Kyle D. Aemisegger and ending with Sarah M. Zate, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nomination of John E. Shemanski, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Chris-topher D. Baysa and ending with Sarah A. Williams Brown, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Adri-enne B. Ari and ending with Charles D. Zim-merman, Jr., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Norman W. Gill III and ending with Michael A. Rob-ertson, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Derron A. Alves and ending with Chad A. Weddell, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nomination of Chantil A. Alexander, to be Major. Army nomination of Yevgeny S. Vindman, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of David G. Ott, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Geoffrey J. Cole, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Jeffrey D. McCoy, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Joseph T. Alwan and ending with Nicholas D. Wil-son, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Dustin M. Albert and ending with Jennifer E. Zuccarelli, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Buster D. Akers, Jr. and ending with Michael T. Zell, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Army nomination of Richard L. Weaver, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Gail E. S. Yoshitani, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Richard A. Dorchak, Jr., to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Aristidis Katerelos, to be Major. Army nomination of Scott C. Moran, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Mona M. McFadden, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Nicole N. Clark and ending with Susan R. Singalewitch, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 8, 2016. Army nomination of Clayton T. Herriford, 
to be Major. Army nominations beginning with James R. Boulware and ending with Matthew S. Wysocki, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 8, 2016. Army nomination of David E. Foster, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Justin J. Orton, to be Major. Army nomination of Tina R. Hartley, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Melaine A. Williams, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Anthony T. Sampson, to be Colonel. Navy nominations beginning with Kenric T. Aban and ending with Eric H. Yeung, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Brent N. Adams and ending with Emily L. Zywicke, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Teresita Alston and ending with Erin K. Zizak, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Dylan T. Burch and ending with Luke A. Whittemore, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Brooke M. Basford and ending with Malissa D. Wickersham, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Ryan P. Anderson and ending with Scott A. Wilson, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Jennifer D. Bowden and ending with Robert B. Wills, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Bradley M. Baer and ending with Gregory J. Woods, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 13, 2016. Navy nomination of Richard M. Camarena, to be Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Julio A. Alarcon and ending with Jodi M. Williams, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Rolanda A. Findlay and ending with Daphne P. Morrisonponce, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. Navy nomination of Russell A. Maynard, to be Captain. Navy nomination of William J. Kaiser, to be Captain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.009 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5671 September 13, 2016 
Navy nominations beginning with Nicole A. Aguirre and ending with Amy F. Zucharo, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Alice A. T. Alcorn and ending with Malka Zipperstein, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Julie M. C. Anderson and ending with Bradley S. Wells, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Ben-jamin D. Adams and ending with Michael F. Whitican, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Stephen K. Afful and ending with Alessandra E. Zie-gler, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Scott E. Adams and ending with Charmaine R. Yap, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Ray-mond B. Adkins and ending with Gale B. White, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Paul I. Ahn and ending with Shannon L. Wright, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Dennis L. Lang, Jr. and ending with Yasmira Leffakis, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nomination of Karen J. Sankesritland, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Mark F. Bibeau and ending with Jason A. Laurion, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 8, 2016. Navy nomination of Randall L. McAtee, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of John F. Capacchione, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Stuart T. Kirkby, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Carrie M. Mercier, to be Lieutenant Commander. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 3313. A bill to authorize assistance to Burma and to support a principled engage-ment strategy for a peaceful, prosperous, and democratic Burma that respects the human rights of all its people, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 3314. A bill to establish within the Smithsonian Institution the Smithsonian American Latino Museum, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. 3315. A bill to authorize the modification or augmentation of the Second Division Me-morial, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. FLAKE ): S. 3316. A bill to maximize land manage-ment efficiencies, promote land conserva-tion, generate education funding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 3317. A bill to prohibit the further exten-sion or establishment of national monu-ments in the State of Utah except by express authorization of Congress; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 3318. A bill to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes; read the first time. By Mr. BROWN: S. 3319. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to appoint a harmful algal bloom coordinator; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 3320. A bill to waive the essential health benefits requirements for certain States; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. Res. 553. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on the challenges the conflict in Syria poses to long-term stability and prosperity in Lebanon; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. Res. 554. A resolution honoring the life of Jacob Wetterling and the efforts of Patty Wetterling and the Wetterling family to find abducted children and support their families; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHUMER: S. Res. 555. A resolution congratulating the Optical Society on its 100th anniversary; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. M IKULSKI ): S. Res. 556. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of September 12 through September 16, 2016, as ‘‘National Family Service Learning Week’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. Res. 557. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. V
IT-
TER, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. Res. 558. A resolution honoring the memory and legacy of the 12 Louisiana citi-zens and 1 Texas citizen who lost their lives due to the tragic flooding in the State of Louisiana in August 2016; considered and agreed to. f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Medicare outpatient rehabili-tation therapy caps. 
S. 602 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 602, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to consider cer-tain time spent by members of reserve components of the Armed Forces while receiving medical care from the Sec-retary of Defense as active duty for purposes of eligibility for Post-9/11 Educational Assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 1013 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1013, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage and payment for complex re-habilitation technology items under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1588 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1588, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to revise and ex-tend projects relating to children and violence to provide access to school- based comprehensive mental health programs. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.010 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5672 September 13, 2016 
(Mr. F RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of cer-tain lymphedema compression treat-ment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2424 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2424, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard- of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 2645 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2645, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons respon-sible for gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to pro-vide comprehensive mental health re-form, and for other purposes. 
S. 2782 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2782, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the partici-pation of pediatric subspecialists in the National Health Service Corps pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 2791 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2791, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treat-ment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radi-ation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 2849 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2849, a bill to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate ac-cess to information. 
S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2873, a bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technology-en-abled collaborative learning and capac-ity building models to improve pro-grams of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other pur-poses. S. 2927 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Geor-gia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2927, a bill to prevent governmental discrimi-nation against providers of health serv-ices who decline involvement in abor-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 3056 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3056, a bill to provide for certain causes of action re-lating to delays of generic drugs and biosimilar biological products. 
S. 3179 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 3179, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve and extend the credit for carbon diox-ide sequestration. 
S. 3183 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3183, a bill to prohibit the circumven-tion of control measures used by Inter-net ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes. 
S. 3195 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3195, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to preserve Medicare beneficiary access to ventila-tors, and for other purposes. 
S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3198, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 3285 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3285, a bill to prohibit the President from using funds appropriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, to make payments to Iran, to im-pose sanctions with respect to Iranian persons that hold or detain United States citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 3296 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3296, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an ex-emption to the individual mandate to maintain health coverage for individ-uals residing in counties with fewer than 2 health insurance issuers offering plans on an Exchange. S. 3297 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3297, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an exemption to the individual mandate to maintain health coverage for certain individuals whose premium has in-creased by more than 10 percent, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 16 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 16, a joint resolution pro-posing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women. 
S.J. RES. 39 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 39, a joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed for-eign military sale to the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia of M1A1/A2 Abrams Tank structures and other major defense equipment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4992 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4992 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2848, a bill to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to author-ize the Secretary of the Army to con-struct various projects for improve-ments to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5004 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 5004 intended to be proposed to S. 2848, a bill to provide for the conservation and development of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5038 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 5038 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2848, a bill to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to author-ize the Secretary of the Army to con-struct various projects for improve-ments to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.012 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5673 September 13, 2016 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 553—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE ON THE CHALLENGES THE CONFLICT IN SYRIA POSES TO LONG-TERM STABILITY AND PROSPERITY IN LEBANON Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 553 Whereas the stability of Lebanon, a plural-istic democracy in the Middle East, is in the interests of the United States and United States allies in the region; Whereas the United States has provided more than $2,000,000,000 in assistance to Leb-anon in the past decade, including training and equipment for the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF); Whereas the conflict in Syria threatens stability in Lebanon as a result of violent at-tacks against Lebanese citizens perpetrated by combatants active in Syria, as well as a massive influx of refugees fleeing the con-flict; Whereas the United States has contributed more than $5,500,000,000 in humanitarian as-sistance for victims of the conflict in Syria, including for refugees in Lebanon; Whereas the people of Lebanon have shown great generosity in welcoming more than 1,000,000 refugees from Syria, a refugee popu-lation equal to 
1⁄4of its native population; Whereas Lebanon is hosting more refugees proportionally than any nation in the world; Whereas the refugee crisis has challenged Lebanon’s economy, which faces a national debt that is approximately 140 percent of gross domestic product and underperforming economic growth; Whereas the LAF have been called into di-rect conflict with the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) as a result of attacks carried out by the terrorist group in Leb-anon; Whereas the Syrian conflict has placed ad-ditional strains on the Government of Leb-anon as it continues to confront political deadlock that has kept the presidency va-cant for more than two years; Whereas the unique political constitution of Lebanon hinges on that nation’s distinct demographic and social equilibrium; Whereas the prolongation of the Syrian conflict has the potential to upset the pre-carious social and political balance in Leb-anon; Whereas the constitution of Lebanon is further undermined by undue foreign influ-ence, particularly by the Islamic Republic of Iran through its terrorist proxy Hizbollah; Whereas the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1701 in 2006, which calls for the disarmament of all armed groups in Lebanon and stresses the impor-tance of full control over Lebanon by the Government of Lebanon; and Whereas Hizbollah continues to violate United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701, including by replenishing its stock of rockets and missiles in South Lebanon: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the importance of bilateral United States assistance to the Government of Lebanon in building its capacity to pro-vide services and security for Lebanese citi-zens and curbing the influence of Hizbollah; (2) encourages continued coordination be-tween the Department of State, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and humanitarian organizations to ensure that refugees from the conflict in Syria, in-cluding those in Lebanon, are supported in such a way as to mitigate any potentially adverse effect on their host countries; (3) recognizes that it is in the interests of the United States to seek a negotiated end to the conflict in Syria that includes the ul-timate departure of Bashar al-Assad, which would allow for the eventual return of the millions of Syrian refugees in Lebanon, Jor-dan, Turkey, and other countries around the world; (4) supports full implementation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701; and (5) recognizes the LAF as the sole institu-tion entrusted with the defense of Lebanon’s sovereignty and supports United States part-nerships with the LAF, particularly through the global coalition to defeat the terrorist group ISIS. f SENATE RESOLUTION 554—HON-ORING THE LIFE OF JACOB WETTERLING AND THE EFFORTS OF PATTY WETTERLING AND THE WETTERLING FAMILY TO FIND ABDUCTED CHILDREN AND SUPPORT THEIR FAMILIES Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 554 Whereas Patty and Jerry Wetterling faced the unimaginable tragedy of having their 11- year-old son, Jacob Wetterling, abducted near their home in Stearns County, Min-nesota, on October 22, 1989; Whereas Jacob Wetterling was taken at gunpoint and his disappearance remained un-solved for nearly 27 years; Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s body was not recovered until September of 2016; Whereas Patty Wetterling bravely turned her grief into action and devoted her life to advocating for missing and exploited chil-dren; Whereas Patty Wetterling has become a nationally recognized educator on child ab-duction and the sexual exploitation of chil-dren; Whereas Patty Wetterling serves on the Board of Directors of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children; Whereas Patty Wetterling and her husband co-founded the Jacob Wetterling Resource Center to educate communities about child safety issues to prevent child exploitation and abductions; Whereas Patty Wetterling authored the publication ‘‘When Your Child is Missing: A Family Survival Guide’’, along with 4 other families; Whereas Patty Wetterling served for more than 7 years as Director of Sexual Violence Prevention for the Minnesota Department of Health; Whereas the Star Tribune selected Patty Wetterling as one of the ‘‘100 Most Influen-tial Minnesotans of the Century’’; Whereas Patty Wetterling’s efforts led to the passage of the Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sexually Violent Of-fender Registration Act (Public Law 103–322; 108 Stat. 2038), a Federal law that requires States to implement a sex offender and crimes against children registry; and Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s memory lives on through the efforts of the Wetterling fam-ily: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate honors— (1) the life of Jacob Wetterling; and (2) the efforts of Patty Wetterling and the Wetterling family to prevent child exploi-tation and abductions across the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 555—CON-GRATULATING THE OPTICAL SO-CIETY ON ITS 100TH ANNIVER-SARY Mr. SCHUMER submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 555 Whereas the Optical Society is the leading professional association in optics and photonics, supporting research and collabo-ration in the science of light; Whereas the Optical Society was founded in 1916 in Rochester, New York, as the re-search catalyst for the science of light and has since become the leading voice for ad-vancing the study and application of optics and photonics; Whereas, today, the Optical Society con-nects 270,000 scientists, students, engineers, and business leaders in 177 countries around the world; Whereas, over the course of the 100-year history of the Optical Society, 34 members of the society have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics, Chemistry, or Physiology or Medicine; Whereas optics and photonics is the science of light, serving as the backbone for modern national security applications, in-dustrial controls, telecommunications, ad-vanced manufacturing, health care, and con-sumer and business products; Whereas a 2012 National Research Council study, entitled ‘‘Optics and Photonics: Es-sential Technologies for our Nation’’, out-lined the utility of optics and photonics and their role in facilitating economic growth, recognizing their extraordinary impact on communications, information processing and data storage, defense and national security, energy, health and medicine, advanced man-ufacturing, and strategic materials; Whereas the United States Government has recognized the importance of photonics, the contributions of photonics to economic development, and the benefits of public-pri-vate partnerships by recently announcing a consortium working with the Department of Defense known as the American Institute for Manufacturing Integrated Photonics; and Whereas optics and photonics create more than $3,000,000,000,000 in revenue annually in the United States and support more than 7,400,000 jobs: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Optical Society on its 100th anniversary; (2) reaffirms the critical role that optics and photonics have played over the last 100 years and continue to play in the economy of the United States and the lives of the people of the United States; and (3) recognizes the importance of continued investment in fundamental optics and photonics research. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 556—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 12 THROUGH SEP-TEMBER 16, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL FAMILY SERVICE LEARNING WEEK’’ Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ETERS , and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.015 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5674 September 13, 2016 
Ms. M IKULSKI ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 556 Whereas family service learning is a meth-od under which children and families learn and solve problems together in a multi- generational approach with active participa-tion in thoughtfully organized service that— (1) is conducted in and meets the needs of their communities; (2) is focused on children and families solv-ing community issues together; (3) applies college and career readiness skills for children and relevant workforce training skills for adults; and (4) is coordinated between the community and an elementary school, secondary school, institution of higher education, or family community service program; Whereas family service learning— (1) is multi-generational learning that in-volves parents, children, caregivers, and ex-tended family members in shared learning experiences in physical and digital environ-ments; (2) is integrated into and enhances the aca-demic achievement of the children or the educational components of a family service program in which the families may be en-rolled; and (3) encompasses skills, such as investiga-tion, planning and preparation, action, re-flection, demonstration of results, and sus-tainability; Whereas family service learning has been shown to have positive 2-generational effects and encourages families to invest in their communities to improve economic and soci-etal well-being; Whereas, through family service learning, children and families are offered the oppor-tunity to solve community issues and learn together, thereby enabling the development of life and career skills, such as flexibility and adaptability, initiative and self-direc-tion, social and cross-cultural skills, produc-tivity and accountability, and leadership and responsibility; Whereas family service learning activities provide opportunities for families to improve essential skills, such as organization, re-search, planning, reading and writing, tech-nology, teamwork, and sharing; Whereas families participating together in service are afforded quality time learning about their communities; Whereas adults engaged in family service learning serve as positive role models for their children; Whereas family service learning projects enable families to build substantive connec-tions with their communities, develop a stronger sense of self-worth, experience a re-duction in social isolation, and improve par-enting skills; Whereas family service learning has added benefits for English language learners by helping individuals and families to— (1) feel more connected with their commu-nities; and (2) practice language skills; Whereas family service learning is particu-larly important for at-risk families because it— (1) provides opportunities for leadership and civic engagement; and (2) helps build the capacity to advocate for the needs of children and families; and Whereas the value that parents place on civic engagement and relationships within the community has been shown to transfer to the child who, in turn, replicates values, such as responsibility, empathy, and caring for others: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of the week of September 12 through September 16, 2016, as ‘‘National Family Service Learning Week’’ to raise public awareness about the impor-tance of family service learning, family lit-eracy, community service, and 2- generational learning experiences; (2) encourages people across the United States to support family service learning and community development programs; (3) recognizes the importance that family service learning plays in cultivating family literacy, civic engagement, and community investment; and (4) calls upon public, private, and nonprofit entities to support family service learning opportunities to aid in the advancement of families. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 557—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘SCHOOL BUS SAFETY MONTH’’ Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 557 Whereas approximately 480,000 public and private school buses carry 26,000,000 children to and from school every weekday in the United States; Whereas America’s 480,000 public and pri-vate school buses comprise the largest mass transportation fleet in the Nation; Whereas during the school year, school buses make more than 55,000,000 passenger trips daily and students ride these school buses 10,000,000,000 times per year as the Na-tion’s fleet travels over 5,600,000,000 miles per school year; Whereas in an average year, about 25 school children are killed in school bus acci-dents, with one-third of these children struck by their own school buses in loading/ unloading zones, one-third struck by motor-ists who fail to stop for school buses, and one-third killed as they approach or depart a school bus stop; Whereas The Child Safety Network, cele-brating 28 years of national public service, has collaborated with the National PTA and the school bus industry to create public serv-ice announcements to reduce distracted driv-ing near school buses, increase ridership, and provide free resources to school districts in order to increase driver safety training, pro-vide free technology for tracking school buses, reduce on-board bullying, and educate students; and Whereas the adoption of School Bus Safety Month will allow broadcast and digital media and social networking industries to make commitments to disseminate public service announcements designed to save chil-dren’s lives by making motorists aware of school bus safety issues: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate designates Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 558—HON-ORING THE MEMORY AND LEG-ACY OF THE 12 LOUISIANA CITI-ZENS AND 1 TEXAS CITIZEN WHO LOST THEIR LIVES DUE TO THE TRAGIC FLOODING IN THE STATE OF LOUISIANA IN AU-GUST 2016 Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. V
IT-
TER, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 558 Whereas, during mid-August 2016, a his-toric flood swept through the southern part of the State of Louisiana, taking the lives of 13 people, damaging over 130,000 homes, dis-placing thousands of families, and causing over $8,700,000,000 of material damages; Whereas William Mayfield, 67, of Zachary, Louisiana, perished on August 12, 2016; Whereas Linda Coco Bishop, 63, perished on August 14, 2016; Whereas Brett Broussard, 55, of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, perished on August 15, 2016; Whereas William F. ‘‘Bill’’ Borne, 58, of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, perished on August 16, 2016; Whereas Richard James Jr., 57, of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, perished on August 15, 2016; Whereas Samuel Muse, 54, of Greensburg, Louisiana, perished on August 13, 2016; Whereas Kenneth Slocum, 59, of Tangipahoa Village, Louisiana, perished on August 14, 2016; Whereas Earrol Lewis, 49, of Houston, Texas, perished on August 15, 2016; Whereas Stacy Ruffin, 44, of Roseland, Louisiana, perished on August 13, 2016; Whereas Alexandra ‘‘Ally’’ Budde, 20, of Hammond, Louisiana, perished on August 14, 2016; Whereas Ordatha Hoggatt, 57, of Leesville, Louisiana, perished on August 14, 2016; Whereas an unnamed woman, 93, of Denham Springs, Louisiana, perished on Au-gust 17, 2016; Whereas an unidentified man of Denham Springs, Louisiana, perished on August 17, 2016; and Whereas the people of the United States stand united with the people of Louisiana and the families of the victims— (1) to support all individuals affected; and (2) to pray for healing and restoration: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the memory and legacy of the 12 Louisiana citizens and 1 Texas citizen who lost their lives in the August 2016 flooding; (2) extends its heartfelt condolences and prayers to the families of the victims and to all affected individuals in the communities of the flooded parishes; (3) recognizes the skill and sacrifice of the law enforcement officers, first responders, and volunteers who have demonstrated tre-mendous resolve throughout the recovery; (4) commends the efforts of individuals who are working to care and provide for the injured and displaced; (5) applauds the generous support, assist-ance, and aid provided by people across the United States; and (6) pledges to continue to work together— (A) to support Louisiana in its time of need. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5061. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5062. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.018 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5675 September 13, 2016 
SA 5063. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5042 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER ) to the amend-ment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5064. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5042 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER ) to the amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE  (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5065. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5042 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER ) to the amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE  (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5066. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5042 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER ) to the amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE  (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5061. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for him-self and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following: Subtitle B—Irrigation Rehabilitation and Renovation for Indian Tribal Governments and Their Economies 
SEC. 8101. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Irriga-tion Rehabilitation and Renovation for In-dian Tribal Governments and Their Econo-mies Act’’ or the ‘‘IRRIGATE Act’’. 
SEC. 8102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) D
EFERRED MAINTENANCE .—The term ‘‘deferred maintenance’’ means any mainte-nance activity that was delayed to a future date, in lieu of being carried out at the time at which the activity was scheduled to be, or otherwise should have been, carried out. (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the In-dian Irrigation Fund established by section 8111. (3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. PART I—INDIAN IRRIGATION FUND 
SEC. 8111. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘Indian Irrigation Fund’’, consisting of— (1) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under section 8113; and (2) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under section 8115. 
SEC. 8112. DEPOSITS TO FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2038, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall deposit in the Fund $35,000,000 from the general fund of the Treasury. (b) AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts deposited in the Fund under subsection (a) shall be used, subject to appropriation, to carry out this subtitle. 
SEC. 8113. EXPENDITURES FROM FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2038, the Secretary may, to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts, expend from the Fund, in accordance with this subtitle, not more than the sum of— (1) $35,000,000; and (2) the amount of interest accrued in the Fund. (b) A
DDITIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The Sec- retary may expend more than $35,000,000 for any fiscal year referred to in subsection (a) if the additional amounts are available in the Fund as a result of a failure of the Secretary to expend all of the amounts available under subsection (a) in 1 or more prior fiscal years. 
SEC. 8114. INVESTMENTS OF AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, required to meet current with-drawals. (b) C
REDITS TO FUND.—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a part of, the Fund. 
SEC. 8115. TRANSFERS OF AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this part shall be transferred at least monthly from the general fund of the Treasury to the Fund on the basis of estimates made by the Sec-retary of the Treasury. (b) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates are in excess of or less than the amounts re-quired to be transferred. 
SEC. 8116. TERMINATION. 
On September 30, 2038— (1) the Fund shall terminate; and (2) the unexpended and unobligated balance of the Fund shall be transferred to the gen-eral fund of the Treasury. PART II—REPAIR, REPLACEMENT, AND MAINTENANCE OF CERTAIN INDIAN IR-RIGATION PROJECTS 
SEC. 8121. REPAIR, REPLACEMENT, AND MAINTE-NANCE OF CERTAIN INDIAN IRRIGA-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program to address the deferred maintenance needs and water storage needs of Indian irrigation projects that— (1) create risks to public or employee safe-ty or natural or cultural resources; and (2) unduly impede the management and ef-ficiency of the Indian irrigation program. (b) F
UNDING .—Consistent with section 8113, the Secretary shall use or transfer to the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs not less than $35,000,000 of amounts in the Fund, plus ac-crued interest, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2038 to carry out maintenance, re-pair, and replacement activities for 1 or more of the Indian irrigation projects de-scribed in section 8122 (including any struc-tures, facilities, equipment, personnel, or ve-hicles used in connection with the operation of those projects), subject to the condition that the funds expended under this part shall not be— (1) subject to reimbursement by the owners of the land served by the Indian irrigation projects; or (2) assessed as debts or liens against the land served by the Indian irrigation projects. 
SEC. 8122. ELIGIBLE PROJECTS. 
The projects eligible for funding under sec-tion 8121(b) are the Indian irrigation projects in the western United States that, on the date of enactment of this Act— (1) are owned by the Federal Government, as listed in the Federal inventory required by Executive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; relating to Federal real property asset man-agement); (2) are managed and operated by the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs (including projects managed, operated, or maintained under con-tracts or compacts pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); and (3) have deferred maintenance documented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. SEC. 8123. REQUIREMENTS AND CONDITIONS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act and as a precondition to amounts being expended from the Fund to carry out this part, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs and representatives of affected Indian tribes, shall develop and submit to Congress— (1) programmatic goals to carry out this part that— (A) would enable the completion of repair-ing, replacing, modernizing , or performing maintenance on projects as expeditiously as practicable; (B) facilitate or improve the ability of the Bureau of Indian Affairs to carry out the mission of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in op-erating a project; (C) ensure that the results of government- to-government consultation required under section 8125 be addressed; and (D) would facilitate the construction of new water storage using non-Federal con-tributions to address tribal, regional, and watershed-level supply needs; and (2) funding prioritization criteria to serve as a methodology for distributing funds under this part, that take into account— (A) the extent to which deferred mainte-nance of qualifying irrigation projects poses a threat to public or employee safety or health; (B) the extent to which deferred mainte-nance poses a threat to natural or cultural resources; (C) the extent to which deferred mainte-nance poses a threat to the ability of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs to carry out the mis-sion of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in oper-ating the project; (D) the extent to which repairing, replac-ing, modernizing, or performing mainte-nance on a facility or structure will— (i) improve public or employee safety, health, or accessibility; (ii) assist in compliance with codes, stand-ards, laws, or other requirements; (iii) address unmet needs; and (iv) assist in protecting natural or cultural resources; (E) the methodology of the rehabilitation priority index of the Secretary, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; (F) the potential economic benefits of the expenditures on job creation and general economic development in the affected tribal communities; (G) the ability of the qualifying project to address tribal, regional, and watershed level water supply needs; and (H) such other factors as the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate to prioritize the use of available funds that are, to the fullest extent practicable, consistent with tribal and user recommendations received pursuant to the consultation and input process under section 8125. 
SEC. 8124. STUDY OF INDIAN IRRIGATION PRO-GRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT. 
(a) T RIBAL CONSULTATION AND USER I
NPUT .—Before beginning to conduct the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.021 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5676 September 13, 2016 
study required under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall— (1) consult with the Indian tribes that have jurisdiction over the land on which an irriga-tion project eligible to receive funding under section 8122 is located; and (2) solicit and consider the input, com-ments, and recommendations of— (A) the landowners served by the irrigation project; and (B) irrigators from adjacent irrigation dis-tricts. (b) S
TUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, shall complete a study that evaluates options for improving pro-grammatic and project management and per-formance of irrigation projects managed and operated in whole or in part by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (c) R
EPORT .—On completion of the study under subsection (b), the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) describes the results of the study; (2) determines the cost to financially sus-tain each project; (3) recommends whether management of each project could be improved by transfer-ring management responsibilities to other Federal agencies or water user groups; and (4) includes recommendations for improv-ing programmatic and project management and performance— (A) in each qualifying project area; and (B) for the program as a whole. (d) S
TATUS REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 2 years there-after, the Secretary, acting through the As-sistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that includes a description of— (1) the progress made toward addressing the deferred maintenance needs of the Indian irrigation projects described in section 8122, including a list of projects funded during the fiscal period covered by the report; (2) the outstanding needs of those projects that have been provided funding to address the deferred maintenance needs pursuant to this part; (3) the remaining needs of any of those projects; (4) how the goals established pursuant to section 8123 have been met, including— (A) an identification and assessment of any deficiencies or shortfalls in meeting those goals; and (B) a plan to address the deficiencies or shortfalls in meeting those goals; and (5) any other subject matters the Sec-retary, to the maximum extent practicable consistent with tribal and user recommenda-tions received pursuant to the consultation and input process under this section, deter-mines to be appropriate. 
SEC. 8125. TRIBAL CONSULTATION AND USER INPUT. 
Before expending funds on an Indian irriga-tion project pursuant to section 8121 and not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) consult with the Indian tribe that has jurisdiction over the land on which an irriga-tion project eligible to receive funding under section 8122 is located; and (2) solicit and consider the input, com-ments, and recommendations of— (A) the landowners served by the irrigation project; and (B) irrigators from adjacent irrigation dis-tricts. SEC. 8126. ALLOCATION AMONG PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), to the maximum extent practicable, the Sec-retary shall ensure that, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2038, each Indian irriga-tion project eligible for funding under sec-tion 8122 that has critical maintenance needs receives part of the funding under section 8121 to address critical maintenance needs. (b) P
RIORITY .—In allocating amounts under section 8121(b), in addition to considering the funding priorities described in section 8123, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible Indian irrigation projects serving more than 1 Indian tribe within an Indian reservation and to projects for which funding has not been made available during the 10-year pe-riod ending on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act under any other Act of Congress that expressly identifies the Indian irrigation project or the Indian reservation of the project to address the deferred mainte-nance, repair, or replacement needs of the Indian irrigation project. (c) C
AP ON FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), in allocating amounts under section 8121(b), the Secretary shall allocate not more than $15,000,000 to any individual Indian irrigation project described in section 8122 during any consecutive 3-year period. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the cap described in paragraph (1), if the full amount under section 8121(b) cannot be fully allo-cated to eligible Indian irrigation projects because the costs of the remaining activities authorized in section 8121(b) of an irrigation project would exceed the cap described in paragraph (1), the Secretary may allocate the remaining funds to eligible Indian irriga-tion projects in accordance with this part. (d) B
ASIS OF FUNDING .—Any amounts made available under this section shall be nonre-imbursable. (e) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—The Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) shall apply to activities carried out under this section. 
SA 5062. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for him-self and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1lll. PROJECTS OF NATIONAL SIGNIFI-CANCE. 
Section 902 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2280) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
ROJECTS OF NATIONAL SIGNIFICANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a project of national significance (as described in paragraph (2)) that has not been completed, subsection (a)(1) shall not apply. ‘‘(2) P
ROJECTS OF NATIONAL SIGNIFICANCE  
DESCRIBED .—A project of national signifi-cance means a project for water resources development and conservation and related purposes authorized to be carried out by the Secretary that has a benefit-to-cost ratio equal to or greater than 3.5 to 1, as identified in a report of the Chief of Engineers or a Post Authorization Change Report.’’. SA 5063. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5042 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B OXER ) to the amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 125, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: 
SEC. 3008. REHABILITATION OF CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS CONSTRUCTED FLOOD CON-TROL DAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the project is feasible, the Sec-retary may carry out a project for the reha-bilitation of a dam described in subsection (b). (b) E
LIGIBLE DAMS.—A dam eligible for as-sistance under this section is a dam— (1) that has been constructed, in whole or in part, by the Corps of Engineers for flood control purposes; (2) for which construction was completed before 1940; (3) that is classified as ‘‘high hazard poten-tial’’ by the State dam safety agency of the State in which the dam is located; and (4) that is operated by a non-Federal enti-ty. (c) C
OST SHARING .—Non-Federal interests shall provide 35 percent of the cost of con-struction of any project carried out under this section, including provision of all land, easements, rights-of-way, and necessary re-locations. (d) A
GREEMENTS .—Construction of a project under this section shall be initiated only after a non-Federal interest has entered into a binding agreement with the Sec-retary— (1) to pay the non-Federal share of the costs of construction under subsection (c); and (2) to pay 100 percent of any operation, maintenance, and replacement and rehabili-tation costs with respect to the project in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary. (e) C
OSTLIMITATION .—The Secretary shall not expend more than $10,000,000 for a project at any single dam under this section. (f) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 5064. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5042 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B OXER ) to the amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 80ll. PROTECTION OF CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary or the Administrator of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.023 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5677 September 13, 2016 
the Environmental Protection Agency may not enter into an agreement related to re-solving a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohib-ited from disclosure by Federal law. 
SA 5065. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5042 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B OXER ) to the amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1009 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1009. GAO REVIEW AND REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review, and submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation and effectiveness of the projects carried out under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835). 
SA 5066. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5042 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B OXER ) to the amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 65, between lines 5 and 6, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. GAO REVIEW AND REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review, and submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation and effectiveness of the projects carried out under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835). f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 13, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–328A of the Russell Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 13, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 13, 2016, at 10:30 a.m. to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The National Flood In-surance Program: Reviewing the Rec-ommendations of the Technical Map-ping Advisory Council’s 2015 Annual Report.’’. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 13, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building to conduct a Sub-committee hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Better Online Ticket Sales Act of 2016.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 13, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Sen-ate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my military fellow, Ashley Ritchey, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 131, which is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 131) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olym-pics Law Enforcement Torch Run. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 131) was agreed to. f 
ENCOURAGING THE GOVERNMENT OF THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO TO ABIDE BY CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS REGARDING THE HOLDING OF PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS IN 2016 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 574, S. Res. 485. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 485) to encourage the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to abide by constitutional provi-sions regarding the holding of presidential elections in 2016, with the aim of ensuring a peaceful and orderly democratic transition of power. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment and an amendment to the preamble and an amendment to the title. (Strike out all after the resolving clause and insert the part printed in italic.) (Strike the preamble and insert the part printed in italic.) 
Whereas the United States and the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo (‘‘DRC’’) have a partnership grounded in economic development, investment, and mutual interests in security and stability, and marked by efforts to address the protracted humanitarian crisis facing the DRC; Whereas, in 2006, the Government of the DRC adopted a new constitution with a provision limiting the President to two consecutive terms; Whereas the constitution requires that elec-tions be held in time for the inauguration of a new president on December 19, 2016, when the current presidential term expires; Whereas events in the DRC over the last year and a half have called into serious question the commitment of the Government of the DRC to hold such elections on the required timeline, and President Joseph Kabila has not publicly com-mitted to stepping down at the end of his term; Whereas security and intelligence officials of the DRC have arrested, harassed, and detained peaceful activists (such as Fred Bauma and Yves Makwambala), members of civil society, political leaders, and others, and international and domestic human rights groups have re-ported on the worsening of the human rights sit-uation in the DRC; Whereas there are 12 presidential elections slated to take place on the continent of Africa by the end of 2017, and what transpires in the DRC will send an important message to leaders in the region; Whereas President Barack Obama spoke with President Kabila on March 31, 2015, and ‘‘em-phasized the importance of timely, credible, and peaceful elections that respect the Constitution of the DRC and protect the rights of all DRC citizens’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.024 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5678 September 13, 2016 
Whereas, on March 30, 2016, the United Na-tions Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 2277, which expresses deep concern with ‘‘the delays in the preparation of the presi-dential elections’’ in the DRC and ‘‘increased restrictions of the political space in the DRC’’ and calls for ensuring ‘‘the successful and time-ly holding of elections, in particular presidential and legislative elections on November 2016, in accordance with the Constitution’’; Whereas many observers have expressed con-cern that failure to move ahead with elections in the DRC could lead to violence and instability inside the DRC, which could reverberate throughout the region; Whereas, on June 23, 2016, the Department of the Treasury imposed sanctions against General Ce´le´stin Kanyama, the Congolese National Po-lice (PNC) Provincial police commissioner for Kinshasa, the capital city of the DRC; and Whereas the Department of the Treasury noted that these sanctions send a ‘‘clear mes-sage that the United States condemns the re-gime’s violence and repressive actions, especially those of Ce´le´stin Kanyama, which threaten the future of democracy for the people of the DRC’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses concern with respect to the fail-ure of the DRC to take actions required to hold elections in November 2016 as required by the Constitution of the DRC; (2) recognizes that impunity and lack of effec-tive rule of law undermine democracy, and that the arrest and detention of civil society activists and the harassment of political opponents close political space and repress peaceful dissent; (3) reaffirms its support for democracy and good governance in sub-Saharan Africa; (4) calls on the Government of the DRC and all other parties to respect the Constitution of the DRC and to ensure a free, open, peaceful, and democratic transition of power as constitu-tionally required; (5) urges the Government of the DRC to dem-onstrate leadership and commitment to elections by accelerating concrete steps towards holding elections, including voter registration and pro-tecting partisan political speech and activities; (6) encourages the Government of the DRC and all other relevant parties to engage now in a focused, urgent discussion to advance the electoral process and reach consensus rapidly on the way forward by establishing a detailed electoral calendar for all elections and enabling the candidate selection and campaign process; and (7) urges the President of the United States, in close coordination with regional and inter-national partners, to— (A) continuously verify that such necessary technical dialogue occurs and proceeds in a time and manner required to ensure the conduct of timely elections; (B) use appropriate means to ensure these ob-jectives, which may include imposition of addi-tional targeted sanctions on individuals or enti-ties responsible for violence and human rights violations and undermining democratic proc-esses in the DRC at any point in the process; and (C) continue United States policy with respect to providing support for the organizing of free, fair, and peaceful national elections. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment to the res-olution be agreed to; the resolution, as amended, be agreed to; the committee- reported amendment to the preamble be agreed to; the preamble, as amend-ed, be agreed to; and that the com-mittee-reported title amendment be agreed to; and, finally, that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The resolution (S. Res. 485), as amended, was agreed to. The committee-reported amendment to the preamble in the nature of a sub-stitute was agreed to. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The committee-reported title amend-ment was agreed to, as follows: Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A resolu-tion urging the Government of the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo to comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power in 2016.’’. f 
SCHOOL BUS SAFETY MONTH Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 557, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 557) designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 557) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY AND LEGACY OF THE 12 LOUISIANA CITIZENS AND 1 TEXAS CITIZEN WHO LOST THEIR LIVES DUE TO THE TRAGIC FLOODING IN THE STATE OF LOUISIANA IN AU-GUST 2016 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 558, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 558) honoring the memory and legacy of the 12 Louisiana citi-zens and 1 Texas citizen who lost their lives due to the tragic flooding in the State of Louisiana in August 2016. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 558) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 3318 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I un-derstand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3318) to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes. 
Mr. GARDNER. I now ask for a sec-ond reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provi-sions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 2016 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, Sep-tember 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein until 11 a.m.; further, that the Democrats control the time from 10 a.m. until 10:30 a.m. and the majority control the time from 10:30 a.m. until 11 a.m.; further, that following morn-ing business, the Senate resume consid-eration of S. 2848; further, that not-withstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time with respect to amendment No. 4979 expire at 2:45 p.m. tomorrow; finally, that if cloture on S. 2848, as amended, if amended, is invoked, the time count as if cloture was invoked at 1 a.m., Wednesday, Sep-tember 14. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13SE6.029 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5679 September 13, 2016 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:41 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, September 14, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
UNITED NATIONS  
CHRISTOPHER COONS, OF DELAWARE, TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY-FIRST SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEM-BLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. RONALD H. JOHNSON, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY-FIRST SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEM-BLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. VALERIE BIDEN OWENS, OF DELAWARE, TO BE AN AL-TERNATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY-FIRST SESSION OF THE GEN-ERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. CYNTHIA RYAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ALTERNATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY-FIRST SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. 
THE JUDICIARY  
DIANE GUJARATI, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE JOHN GLEESON, RESIGNED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13SE6.055 S13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1255 September 13, 2016 
VETERANS MOBILITY SAFETY ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 12, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2015. As a Veteran with a service-connected dis-ability, I have personally participated in the Automobile Adaptive Equipment Program (AAEP) and I know how valuable this program is to Veterans across the country. As a mother of a toddler, I care about the safety of my car more than ever. I am com-mitted to making the best choices for my daughter and strive to keep her out of danger. My story is not unique. There are so many Veterans out there that depend on the AAEP to provide transportation for their families. Safety and the quality of services provided to our wounded Veterans should be a top pri-ority. Last Congress, I wrote a letter to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) urging them to reevaluate the AAEP because it does not require vendors to meet any standards of quality, performance and safety. I am extremely concerned that this obvious lack of guidelines exposes our most vulner-able Veterans to vendors who manufacture and install subpar, low quality and dangerous equipment. It can also lead to higher maintenance costs and wastes taxpayer money. Unfortunately, this gap in the statute allows improper and unsafe installations for our Vet-erans and also puts the general driving public in harm’s way. The fix here is simple—we must have high quality and certification standards for those who provide automobile adaptive equipment, installations and maintenance for disabled Vet-erans. Veterans with disabilities have earned the right to be able to have safe, quality adaptive equipment in their cars that meets their needs and allows them to live full, independent lives. I urge my Colleagues to support this meas-ure, and to remedy the VA’s lack of minimum standards for the AAE program in order to hold vendors accountable, increase quality of VA healthcare and ensure safe driving condi-tions for Veterans, their families and civilians. 
f 
ELDON LAIDIG 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Eldon Laidig for receiving the West Chamber’s 2016 Jeffer-son County Hall of Fame Award. Known for his passion for education and community service, Eldon has been a pillar of the Jefferson County community for more than fifty years. Before becoming a financial plan-ner, Eldon spent 42 years in the U.S. Coast Guard Reserves and 27 years working for Jef-ferson County Public Schools, 25 of which were spent as a middle school principal. In 1990, Eldon became an associate with Personal Benefit Services Wealth Manage-ment, which has been recognized by 5280 Magazine and the Arvada Chamber of Com-merce. Eldon’s involvement in the Arvada community is unparalleled. He was named the Arvada Sentinel’s Man of the Year, has served as club president of the Arvada Council for the Arts and Humanities and Arvada Rotary Club and Friendship Force of Greater Denver, as well as vice president of the Arvada Historical Society. In his five decades in the Jefferson County area, Eldon has worked tirelessly to improve the City of Arvada through community service. I extend my deepest congratulations to Eldon Laidig for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber. f 
CONGRATULATING MR. RAY JEN-NINGS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Mr. Ray Jennings on the occasion of his well-deserved retirement from the Bedford County Airport in Bedford, PA. Ray began a distinguished military career in the Air Force Air Defense Command, serving tours across North America. From there, his career advanced as he gained extensive inter-national flying experience. He later attended the Air Force Institute of Technology, Squad-ron Officers School, the Air Command and Staff College, and the University of Illinois, where he studied aeronautical engineering. Next, Ray spent time helping develop and test aircraft until he was dispatched to Viet-nam, where he flew 138 combat missions. As a result of his courageous service, he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross, two Purple Hearts, and various Air Medals. After being shot down and rescued, Ray returned home, where he continued to serve his coun-try admirably until his retirement at Andrews Air Force Base. Following his remarkable military career, Ray was a member of the Bedford County Air Authority from 1985 to 2009, serving as its Secretary and Treasurer from 1994 to 2009. For the past 22 years, Ray has been the Man-ager of the local Bedford County Airport. Through these experiences, he proved himself instrumental in establishing the Airport as a significant, award-winning asset for the county. Ray has also provided his extensive exper-tise and service to aviation and transportation boards at the state and local levels. Addition-ally, he has been a member of Southern Alle-ghenies Planning and Development Commis-sion, which has been a notable force in pro-moting economic and community development in Cambria, Blair, Huntingdon, Somerset, Bed-ford, and Fulton Counties. It is my honor to recognize the selfless and impactful career of Mr. Ray Jennings, who not only sacrificed for his country but also his state, community, and family. The impact of his service is sure to live on, and I wish him the absolute best in his hard-earned retire-ment. f 
HONORING JOANNE WHITE 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, today the House of Representatives is losing a treasure. After more than 41 years of service, Joanne White, or Miss Joanne as she is affectionately known, is taking her well-earned retirement. She has never been elected, she has never introduced a bill and she has never cast a vote on the House floor but she has meant more to this institution than many of us lucky enough to be called members. It is no secret that so much of what suc-cessful Members are able to accomplish is be-cause of dedicated staff. Staff keeps the trains moving, they sweat the details, and they are the experts on so many of the issues of the day. In her 41 years here, Miss Joanne has done more, seen more, and forgotten more than I ever will. Her experience and institu-tional knowledge is irreplaceable. I am fortunate enough to have known Miss Joanne during my time as chairman of the House Ethics Committee, where she has served the past twenty five years. As a new chairman, I was the beneficiary of her accu-mulated wisdom and the recipient of her sage counsel. Miss Joanne is unique because of her dedication to this institution and her bipar-tisan service to 13 different Committee chair-men. While she is retiring today, she is leaving in-delible marks behind. The Ethics Committee reflects her warm and gracious demeanor. And, there are two generations of staffers who she taught not how to work for Congress, but how to serve in Congress. Finally, like my predecessors, I am grateful to have had Miss Joanne by my side as I navigated the chal-lenges of chairing the Ethics Committee. She taught me lessons that I will not forget either. I am indebted to her. Her colleagues are in-debted to her. The House of Representatives is indebted to her. As she retires, I wish her happiness and joy as she spends time with her family and friends. Thank you, Joanne, for your service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13SE8.001 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1256 September 13, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on Sep-tember 12, 2016, on Roll Call Number 496 on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to H. Res. 847, Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives about a national strategy for the Internet of Things to promote economic growth and consumer empower-ment, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on the motion to sus-pend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 847. On September 12, 2016, on Roll Call Num-ber 497 on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to H. Res. 835, Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should adopt a national pol-icy for technology to promote consumers’ ac-cess to financial tools and online commerce to promote economic growth and consumer em-powerment, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the res-olution, H. Res. 835. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JO BARTON 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Jo Clough Barton. Jo died peacefully, surrounded by her family, in her home in Annapolis, Maryland on August 3, 2016. She was 85 years old. Born Martha Jo Clough on March 19, 1931 to Sara Jo and Arthur Clough in Oklahoma City, she attended Edgemere Elementary School before her family moved to Ardmore, OK in 1941. She graduated from Ardmore High School in 1949 and then attended the University of Oklahoma where she met and married her husband Gerald (Jerry) Barton. She attended and graduated second in her class from the University of Oklahoma College of Law in 1955 and was admitted to the pres-tigious honor society, the Order of Coif. She was admitted to the Oklahoma Bar Associa-tion in 1955. Jo practiced law in Oklahoma from 1958 to 1968 for the firm Mosteller, Andrews, Mosberg (now Andrews, Davis) and later opened an independent book store in the Avondale Shop-ping Center. She was a volunteer at Beta Theta Chapter of Kappa Kappa Gamma Fra-ternity at OU, mentoring many young women. She also volunteered in many of her children’s activities and at their school. An ardent Demo-crat, she championed liberal causes and raised money for progressive candidates throughout her life. She and Jerry later moved to Big Sur, CA where she served as president of the Carmel Bach Festival, on the board of Hospice of the Monterey Peninsula and opened a children’s clothing store called Nana’s. She moved to Annapolis, MD in 2015 to be close to her chil-dren. She is survived by her children, Joann Vaughan, Doug Barton and Martha Doherty, all of Annapolis MD; her grandchildren; Barton Vaughan, Elizabeth Vaughan, Christopher Austin, Robert Vaughan, Sam Barton, Alison Doherty, Caroline Vaughan Kreutzer, Sarah Doherty, Kylee Barton and Harrison Barton; and two great granddaughters; Georgina Vaughan and Caroline Vaughan. We honor and remember Jo’s memory by opening a wonderful bottle of wine and cook-ing a favorite meal. ‘‘Grieve not, nor speak of me with tears, but laugh and talk of me as if I were beside you . . . loved you so—’twas Heaven here with you.’ ’’—Isla Paschal Richardon f 
TEXAS RANGER—LAWRENCE SULLIVAN ROSS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the year was 1839 and thousands of families were looking to settle new lands for their families across the prairies and for the Ross family, Texas was where they chose to raise their young children. Lawrence Sullivan Ross was still an infant when they moved to Texas, and he grew up seeing just how wild the land of this fledgling nation was. He was only eleven when he was involved in his first Indian fight, and through the years helped his father pro-tect the area around Waco from attacks. Though he wanted to follow in his father’s footsteps and become an Indian fighter, as a young man he realized the need for an edu-cation and enrolled at Baylor University. After graduation, he joined the Texas Rang-ers and quickly won favor among many of his superiors, including the governor of Texas, Sam Houston. Houston gave Ross the author-ity to raise a small militia and Ross spent the next several years fighting against Comanche raiding parties. He only halted his service when the Civil War broke out. He fought in the Sixth Texas Calvary division and was pro-moted to brigadier general in 1863, and began commanding the Texas Calvary Brigade (later called ‘‘Ross’s Brigade.’’) While his health suffered during the war, Ross’s desire to serve the state that he loved stayed as strong as ever. So instead of con-tinuing to fight, his friends convinced him to run for public office. He served in the Senate for a full term, but later found that state politics were more agreeable with him, and ran for governor. Working hard to serve those around him, people would later describe his terms in office as ‘‘one of good will and harmony.’’ But it wasn’t until he left office that he started doing what he considered his greatest public service. After his last term finished as gov-ernor, he stepped right into his role as the new president of the small, failing Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas. Through his leadership the school was able to start grow-ing again, and many new buildings were added on. Today that college enjoys its status as a world-class school, and goes by the name of Texas A&M University. He passed away during his tenure as president in the then-small town of College Station. His love for the people of Texas was evi-dent in all that he did. Whether it in the armed forces, up here on Capitol Hill, or paving the way for Texas’s next generation, he was al-ways striving to serve his community. Mr. Speaker, I hope that every one of us here, re-gardless of our party or political stance, would take after his example, always viewing our time here as an opportunity to serve the great people of this nation. And that’s just the way it is. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing Roll Call votes held on September 13, 2016, I was inescapably detained handling im-portant matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted NO on the Motion on Order-ing the Previous Question on the Rule pro-viding for consideration of H.R. 5620, NO on H. Res. 859, NO on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3590, and NO on H. Res. 858. Also, I would have voted NO on final passage of H.R. 3590, YES on final pas-sage of H.R. 5587, and YES on H. Res. 729. 
f 
POLICE LIEUTENANT GARY TOLDNESS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Federal Heights Police Lieutenant Gary Toldness for his decades of service to the City of Federal Heights, Colorado. For more than forty years, Lieutenant Toldness has been active within the community and the police department serving constituents of Federal Heights. Lieutenant Toldness started his career in 1976 as a reserve police officer at the Federal Heights Police Department (FHPD). From there he served in various parts of the depart-ment including Detective, Sergeant, Lieuten-ant, and Commander. He worked his way up through the Department serving as the Fed-eral Heights Police Department public informa-tion officer, the FHPD SWAT team where he served both as a sniper and the Commander, and as the first supervisor of the 17th Judicial District Critical Incident Team. His hard work and dedication each and every day to making the community of Federal Heights a great place to live and work demonstrates his exem-plary work as a police officer. I extend my deepest thanks to Lieutenant Toldness for his dedication and service to the Federal Heights community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAN FRANK-DE OIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13SE8.005 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1257 September 13, 2016 
Frank-de Ois of Shenandoah, Iowa on her re-tirement as the Director of the Shenandoah Public Library. Jan has been serving the citi-zens of Shenandoah and Page County for 27 years. Jan has connected people with literature, in-formation and the world. Over the 27 years at the library she has worked to accomplish many new operating techniques, such as, moving from paper to online services. She said, ‘‘We work hard on customer service.’’ Jan knew at an early age of her interest in li-braries. She volunteered at the Essex, Iowa Public Library while attending high school and continued volunteering at the Dunn Library at Simpson College. Mr. Speaker, Jan has made a difference in her community by helping and serving others. It is with great pride that I recognize her today. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring her service and accomplishments. I thank her for her commitment to the Shenandoah Public Library and wish her nothing but continued success in her retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and was not present for two roll call votes on Tuesday, September 13, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: Roll Call Vote number 496–H. Res. 847— Expressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives about a national strategy for the Internet of Things to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment—YES. Roll Call Vote number 497–H. Res. 835— Expressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that the United States should adopt a national policy for technology to pro-mote consumers access to financial tools and online commerce to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment—YES. 
f 
IN HONOR OF PASTOR C.L. DANIEL AND HIS 70 YEARS IN THE MIN-ISTRY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Pastor C.L. Daniel and the 70 years he has served in the ministry. C.L. Daniel was born on June 31, 1931, and at the age of 15, he felt the call to ministry. He wanted to share his faith and spread the gos-pel of Jesus Christ. Pastor Daniel has served as pastor at sev-eral churches with devotion and steadfast de-termination. He retired from York Town Baptist Church in Mobile, Alabama, in 2006 after 25 years. During that time, he and his wife would commute to and from Mobile every weekend from Opelika, Alabama. Pastor Daniel has served several small churches since his retirement and is currently serving as pastor at Historic Shiloh Baptist Church in Notasulga, Alabama. The Daniels have seven children: John White, Jr. (Deceased), Donald Daniel (De-ceased), Renae Daniel (Deceased), Annie Lauren Poles, Cynthia Sheffield, Marilyn Dan-iel and Rosalyn Gilbreath. They have been blessed with five grandchildren, 15 great- grandchildren and five great-great grand-children. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating Pastor Daniel and his 70 years serving in the ministry. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I was still at a Democratic Steering and Policy Meeting and missed a vote on H. Res. 847. Had I been present, I would have voted in support of H. Res. 847, Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives about a na-tional strategy for the Internet of Things to pro-mote economic growth and consumer em-powerment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACQUELINE AND KENNETH GLEASON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jac-queline and Kenneth Gleason of Essex, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wed-ding anniversary. They celebrated their anni-versary on June 15, 2016. Jacqueline and Kenneth’s lifelong commit-ment to each other and their family truly em-bodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Monday, September 12, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 496 and 497. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on roll call numbers 496 and 497, had I been present I would have voted yea. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not present during roll call vote numbers 496 and 497 on September 12, 2016. I would like the record to reflect how I would have voted: On roll call vote no. 496 I would have voted YES. On roll call vote no. 497 I would have voted YES. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VIVIAN GOLLY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mrs. Viv-ian Golly on the occasion of her 100th birth-day on June 28, 2016. Vivian was born in Zearing, Iowa and grad-uated from Zearing High School in 1933. She married Ernest Golly in 1935 and they had three children, Jo, Louis and Robert. Ernest and Vivian settled in Corning, Iowa. Vivian worked for 15 years as a house mother for deaf children and learned sign language. She attributes hard work and healthy habits for her longevity. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Viv-ian in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birth-day. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Vivian on reaching this incred-ible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 847, a resolution expressing support for a national strategy for the ‘‘Internet of Things’’ to pro-mote economic growth and consumer em-powerment (Roll Call Number 496), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ The Internet of Things is the platform for existing and emerging tech-nologies that are revolutionizing everyday life, from self-driving cars to ‘‘smart homes,’’ where lighting, temperature, and security can be con-trolled and monitored from a phone. A national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13SE8.002 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1258 September 13, 2016 
strategy can help guide this technology to meet goals of sustainability, equity, and eco-nomic growth. Likewise, had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 835, a resolution expressing support for a national policy for technology to promote consumer access to financial tools and online commerce (Roll Call Number 497), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ With nearly a third of the U.S. population underbanked or unbanked, it is critical that we focus emerging technology development to provide additional support, fi-nancial tools, and security to consumers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RON O’CONNER’S RE-TIREMENT FROM FARM CREDIT OF CENTRAL FLORIDA 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and celebrate the career and retire-ment of my good friend Ron O’Conner of Flor-ida Farm Credit in Lakeland, Florida. Ron is a native Floridian and a University of Florida graduate. He began his career at Farm Credit of Central Florida in 1987 as Marketing Manager. During his time at Farm Credit, he and the marketing department earned many outstanding achievement awards. Ron is an exceptional representative of the Farm Credit system. Currently, he chairs Farm Credit of Florida’s statewide marketing com-mittee, providing maximum exposure for Farm Credit of Florida’s most important agriculture events. Farm Credit of Central Florida’s mission is to provide reliable, consistent credit and finan-cial services to the agricultural and rural com-munities of Central Florida. Ron is dedicated to this mission, and to the people and busi-ness of agriculture—the heart and lifeblood of the United States. Everyone knows Ron can be found at every agricultural event throughout the 15th District of Florida, documenting everything with his camera. Ron’s service and excellence has helped make Florida Farm Credit the largest single lender to agriculture in my home State of Flor-ida. Not only is Ron known as a diligent and val-uable representative of Farm Credit, but also as a man of great integrity. I am proud to call Ron my friend. Best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NEW LENOX’S PROUD AMERICAN DAYS MILI-TARY TRIBUTE 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight New Lenox’s annual military tribute during Proud American Days. Since 1984, the New Lenox Chamber of Commerce has been steadfastly dedicated to the commitments and sacrifices of our nation’s service members. What started out as a small gathering is now one of the largest programs attended in the area. New Lenox’s motto reads, ‘‘The Home of Proud Americans’’ and they certainly live up to that slogan. On Sunday, July 31, 2016, more than two hundred people, including veterans, paid homage to those who have sacrificed so much to protect our great nation. These brave Americans endured so much so that we can enjoy the freedoms we have today and for that, we owe them our eternal gratitude. During the tribute this year, the following veterans were recognized: Machinist’s Mate Second Class Robert Beazley, United States Navy Master Sergeant Edward Dima, United States Air Force Gunner’s Mate Third Class Leonard Kapocius, United States Navy Mr. Speaker, I am proud to submit these names for all to see, and I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring all of our nation’s vet-erans. f 
TRIBUTE TO LYNETTA BLEEKER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lynetta Bleeker, a middle school teacher at Parkview Middle School in Ankeny, Iowa. On Thursday, September 8, 2016, Lynetta was a recipient of The Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching at a cere-mony in Washington, D.C. The Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching (PAEMST) are the highest honors bestowed upon K–12 mathematics and science teachers by the federal government. Established by Congress in 1983, the PAEMST program has been a benchmark that all teachers strive to achieve. Ms. Bleeker’s dedication to her stu-dents and steadfastness in her commitment to excellence has not gone unnoticed. I am hon-ored to recognize her as one of this year’s re-cipients. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Lynetta Bleeker for receiving this award and for providing the youth in Iowa’s 3rd Congres-sional District the education that they will need to be successful in the future. I am proud to represent her, her fellow teachers and stu-dents in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratu-lating Lynetta Bleeker and wishing her well and continued success in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA RAWL SHEALY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on Saturday, September 10, 2016, a me-morial service was conducted for Linda Rawl Shealy by Dr. Mark S. Bredholt. Eulogies were provided by former Columbia television news anchor Cheryl Irwin and myself I was honored to provide the following tribute: Family and friends of Linda Rawl Shealy, this is a loving service honoring a dear lady, but, additionally, it is fitting for me to par-ticipate as this is also a reunion of former staff members of my predecessor, the late Congressman Floyd Spence, who was a Pa-triot, Statesman and Southern Gentleman. Congressman Spence was a good judge of character and integrity, selecting talented young people for his staff. Especially ex-traordinary was Chief of Staff Craig Metz, along with District Director Sammy Hendrix. Sammy was perceptive enough to recommend his fellow Lexington High School classmate, Linda Rawl Shealy, to the Congressman. In 1984, Congressman Spence was the Ranking Member of the House Ethics Com-mittee and Linda Shealy was selected to be a Staff Assistant for the Committee—a tough job for a Committee which is Solo-monic as issues were presented equivalent to counting the number of angels who danced on a pin. She served with young attorneys Mark Elam and John Hoefer, who were counsels to the committee, fresh out of law school, and today are among the most highly respected attorneys of Charleston and Columbia, with Mark as Director of State and Local Rela-tions for Boeing and John as a Partner in the law firm of Willoughby and Hoefer. In 1995, Linda shifted to become Special Assistant to Floyd Spence as he was elected Chairman of the House Armed Services Com-mittee, where she faithfully served depend-ably and loyally until his death on August 16, 2016. I was grateful that Linda led transition ef-forts for the Second Congressional District Office upon my election on December 18, 2001, and, in June 2002, she was selected as the second staff member of the House Office of Emergency Planning. This important of-fice was established following the September 11th attacks by Islamic Terrorists. Current Director Joe Lowry praised Linda as the ‘‘First Lady of the Emergency Plan-ning Office,’’ through her retirement in Jan-uary 2014, as the longest serving employee of the Office. Linda’s achievements reflected well on her heritage with the Rawl Family being among the earliest German-Swiss families to settle here in the Saxe Gotha Region. Welcoming attendees were other original families of Shealy, Addy, Meetze, and Price, who established a positive community where they are a tiny percentage of Lexington County, one of America’s fastest growing, with transplants from the Northeast and Midwest along with worldwide residents. It was also fitting to be at the Caughman-Har-man Funeral Home, established by original families Virl and Steve Caughman with Daisy Wilson and Harry Harman. As we reflect on the dedicated life of Linda Rawl Shealy, it can clearly be established that she made a positive difference for a bet-ter community and nation. f 
IN HONOR OF THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF FANNIE TAYLOR 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Fannie Taylor. Mrs. Taylor was born on January 11, 1926 in Lee County, Alabama. She joined Ferguson Chapel C.M.E. Church at the age of nine years old. She has served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13SE8.011 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1259 September 13, 2016 
in several capacities throughout the years which included: President of the Stewardess Board, Treasurer of the Missionary Depart-ment, Chairperson of Circle Five. She moved to Central Park, New York and lived there for 19 years. While living there, she attended Williams Chapel Institutional CME Church. In 1996, she returned to Opelika, Alabama and to Ferguson Chapel CME Church. She presently sings in the Senior Choir, is a member of Sunday School and Bible Study Group. She serves on the Opelika House Au-thority Resident Advisory Board and has for 19 years. She has one son, Bobby Melton (De-ceased), a daughter-in-law, Doris Melton, three grandchildren and nine great-grand-children. Her favorite song is ‘‘Precious Lord, Take My Hand.’’ Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Mrs. Taylor a happy 90th birthday. 
f 
HONORING DR. OLLYE SHIRLEY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Ollye Shirley who has touched the lives of many in Mississippi. She recently passed away on September 10, 2016. Dr. Ollye Shirley grew up the big sister to two brothers in the home of two teachers in Mound Bayou, MS. Ms. Ollye Brown’s parents taught at a one-room school and their home was situated on land that her family still owns. When Ollye Brown graduated from high school, she went on to attend Tougaloo Col-lege. Fond Tougaloo memories conjure im-ages of singing under the trees and playing baseball. Ollye also remembers Tougaloo as a col-lege ‘‘small enough to make really good close friends—kind of like a family. If somebody needed something, alumni or other students would pitch in.’’ While lettering in basketball and being an all-conference guard, Ollye Brown maintained her status on the Dean’s list. Miss Brown met and was courted by her college sweetheart Aaron Shirley ’55 at Tougaloo College. This self-motivated honor student graduated from Tougaloo in 1953 with a Bachelor of Arts in English and gained employment at Burglund High School in McComb, MS. When her hus-band graduated from Tougaloo in 1955, the family moved to Nashville for his medical edu-cation at Meharry Medical College. Over those four years, Ollye worked as a secretary for Tennessee State University and earned extra money typing theses for graduate students. She also worked for Davidson County as a welfare worker for their last two Nashville years. Because the Civil Rights Movement did not receive much or very accurate coverage, sev-eral branches of the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party published their own news-letters. Dr. Aaron Shirley graduated from Meharry, the family moved back to Mississippi, and Ollye shared with Dilla E. Irwin the editor-ship of the Vicksburg branch’s newsletter, the Citizen’s Appeal. Dr. Ollye Shirley later worked for the Chil-dren’s Television Workshop; then served on the JPS school board from 1978–1993, the last four years as president. In her years of education, Dr. Shirley has served the children of Mississippi admirably. She worked with PBS’ CTW for almost 25 years, helping determine the direction of edu-cational television by bringing programs such as ‘‘Sesame Street,’’ ‘‘Electric Company’’ and ‘‘Ghostwriters.’’ In her last position in the CTW, Dr. Shirley served as regional director, training teachers how to use these shows as educational tools. Dr. Ollye Brown Shirley’s recent recogni-tions include Link of the Decade for Services to Youth from the Jackson Chapter of The Links. In addition, the story of her achieve-ments is told on the 2010 documentary ‘In Spite of it All’ by Wilma Mosley Clopton. Dr. Ollye Brown Shirley is also a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., initiated through Tougaloo’s Gamma Psi Chapter. Doctors Aaron and Ollye Brown Shirley’s marriage bore four children: Kevin, Terrence, Christal S. Porter, and Erin Shirley Orey and her five much loved grandchildren. Mr. Speak-er, I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating the life and legacy of Dr. Ollye Shirley. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARIE POOL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mrs. Marie Pool on the occasion of her 101st birth-day on March, 15, 2016. Marie was born on a farm near Williamson, Iowa and spent her youth helping on the farm and milking cows. She attended country school and Bridgewater High School. She married Virgil Pool in 1933 and they had three children, Donnie, Betty and Peggy. Marie quilt-ed and loved to dance. Now, she lives at Greenfield Rehabilitation and Health Care Center in Greenfield, Iowa and enjoys bingo and ice cream socials. She attributes clean liv-ing and hard work to her longevity. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Marie Pool in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 101st birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Marie on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING JUSTIN-SIENA HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Justin-Siena High School upon the 50th Anniversary of the school’s founding. While we honor five decades of aca-demic achievement, we also celebrate the fu-ture of Justin-Siena High School in keeping with the school’s motto Sempre Avanti, or ‘‘Al-ways Forward.’’ The De La Salle Christian Brothers and the Dominican Sisters of San Rafael founded Jus-tin-Siena in 1966 to educate and inspire young people to live the Lasallian values of scholar-ship, bravery, and faith. The school connects its students and our community to the Lasallian network of schools, which spans 82 countries around the world. Located in Napa, California the school serves students from across the North Bay and from 15 countries around the world and maintains a commitment to academic excel-lence. Its 12:1 student-instructor ratio fosters close academic relationships, and an impres-sive 99 percent of the students receive college admission offers. In the tradition of Christian generosity espoused by its founders, Justin- Siena supports more than one-third of its stu-dents with tuition assistance to help families of all economic backgrounds. The school’s commitment to community service has offered students opportunities for service-based learning across our country from San Francisco, to Montana to Arizona. Students also participate in a variety of projects in our community. They work to ad-dress the needs of our local migrant farm-workers, contribute to environmental projects that restore ecosystems and help promote nat-ural habitat growth. Mr. Speaker, Justin-Siena has been a lead-ing institution in our Napa Valley for five dec-ades and has provided generations of stu-dents with a world-class education. It is there-fore fitting and proper that we honor the school here today. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present for some votes taken last Thursday, September 8, and all votes on Friday, September 9, due to attend-ing my brother’s wedding in Northern Cali-fornia. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Vote Number 492 (Motion to Re-commit H.R. 2357): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 493 (Passage of H.R. 4909, the Accelerating Access to Capital Act of 2015): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 494 (Motion to Re-commit H.R. 5424): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 495 (Passage of H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Mod-ernization Act of 2016): NO. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA LYNCH 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge Linda Lynch for 29 years of service as the Brentwood City Community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13SE8.016 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1260 September 13, 2016 
Relations Director. Her hard work and dedica-tion to excellence has helped our city grow ex-ponentially. Through her position she was able to bring members of Brentwood, Tennessee, around special causes and efforts. Linda Lynch was born in Leipers Fork, Ten-nessee, and was raised in Franklin, Ten-nessee. She taught in Memphis, Tennessee, and Oklahoma. She also supported her hus-band who ran a transportation company be-fore she took on her role in Brentwood. As a liaison, she was instrumental in build-ing bridges between residents and govern-ment. This was accomplished by how she planned events for the city. By doing so, gov-ernment officials could hear the needs and concerns of the people and the community was heard by their leaders. Linda also played a major role in the education of historical sites and advocated for preservation of historic places. Outside of her regular duties she took the initiative and founded the Brentwood His-toric Commission. Linda was also involved with the Brentwood Tree Board, the Adopt a Mile Program, and the Brentwood Library. She is also a lifetime member of the Williamson County Heritage Foundation. Linda Lynch has left the city of Brentwood, Tennessee, a better place than when she first started in her role. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring her service and commitment to the city of Brentwood, Tennessee. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRIEDA PORTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mrs. Frieda Porter on the occasion of her 100th birthday on March 23, 2016. Frieda was born near Fontanelle, Iowa and attended Fontanelle schools. She married Max Porter in 1938 and they had three children, Becky, Randy and Pat. Frieda was active in the community and was an Avon representa-tive for many years. She also taught Sunday school at the Greenfield Lutheran Church. Frieda attributes a healthy life, attendance at church and her belief in God to her long and happy life. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Frieda in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Frieda on reaching this incred-ible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ SHERRILL— TEXAN 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this month William ‘‘Bill’’ Sherrill turns 90 years young. This energetic veteran still has the same pas-sion for our country and our military that he had the day he enlisted into the Marines at 15 years of age in 1941. As a young teenager, Bill served during World War Two and partici-pated in the island hopping campaign until he was wounded in Iwo Jima. Born in the 1920s, Bill grew up in the De-pression of the 1930s poor, in Houston, Texas. At the age of 15, two weeks after Pearl Harbor, Bill dropped out of Lanier Middle School and answered his country’s call of duty to serve by joining the U.S. Marines. Bill said ‘‘he didn’t lie about his age; I’m from Texas, I exaggerated my age.’’ During this time, the United States’ major strategy was launched against Japan in a strategy called island hopping. This tactic was employed by the United States to gain military bases and secure small islands in the Pacific. Our military took control of the islands and quickly constructed landing strips and military bases. Then they proceeded to attack other is-lands from the bases they had established. Bill belonged to the 3rd Marines, 9th Battalion, and they participated in several campaigns along Bougainville, Guam and Iwo Jima. In February 1945, his troop invaded Iwo Jima on the seventh day. It was a month long bloody battle against Imperial Japan that re-sulted in 7,000 Marines who were killed and over 20,000 were injured; mostly young Ma-rines. Bill lasted seven days, before being shot through the left arm; he went out on the four-teenth day of the battle. Bill recalls seeing the flag ‘‘Old Glory’’ that was famously waved over Mount Suribachi. From that experience, Bill knew that the Marines go where others fear to tread, and the timid are not found. For his injuries, Bill was treated at Oakland Naval Hospital. The bullet severed the nerve in his left arm, leaving his arm paralyzed and caus-ing Bill to spiral into depression. But, Bill’s story is not over. For his service and bravery, Bill received the Purple Heart, American Cam-paign Medal and the Good Conduct Medal. While recovering at the Naval Hospital, Bill also earned his GED (General Education Di-ploma). This would set him on a new course of training—from the battlefield to the class-room. After his discharge in 1946, he moved back to Texas and enrolled at the University of Houston. Four years later, he earned his Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration and then his Master’s at the Harvard School of Business. Bill never gave up. He was wound-ed, uneducated and paralyzed but he contin-ued to press forward. With his determination to never give in, Bill has had many successes. He has owned sev-eral businesses and even helped develop Tiki and Jamaica Island in Galveston. Banking and real estate were his main interests. He was employed by the City of Houston, served as president of a local bank, owned a financial consulting firm, and even served on the Fed-eral Reserve’s Board of Governors. With this diverse and fascinating career, it wasn’t until 1990, that Bill discovered his true passion— teaching. He returned to his alma mater, the University of Houston, to teach at the Bauer College of Business Administration. Three years later, he founded the Center for Entre-preneurship and Innovation at University of Houston. Ronald Reagan best summed it up when he said, ‘‘Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference. The Ma-rines don’t have that problem.’’ That’s certainly true for Bill, a remarkable man who has cer-tainly made a difference in our community and in the lives of many. Happy 90th, Oooh Rah. Semper Fi. And that’s just the way it is. f 
GEORGIA AMBASSADOR ARCHIL GEGESHIDZE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Georgia Caucus, I would like to take a moment to thank Ambassador Archil Gegeshidze for his dedication to developing a deep and meaningful U.S.-Georgia partner-ship. His Excellency Gegeshidze was ap-pointed as the Ambassador of Georgia to the United States in March 2013. Since that time, he has served his country faithfully and worked tirelessly to improve Tbilisi’s relation-ship with Washington. Georgia sits in a region full of dictators, but it remains a stalwart beacon of democracy. It is on the basis of democracy and freedom for all that Ambassador Gegeshidze has worked to strengthen Georgia’s ties with the United States. While there is still work to be done, with the Ambassador’s help, Georgia has made significant strides ensuring freedom of the press, preventing corruption, and pursuing a free market system. Throughout Ambassador Gegeshidze’s ap-pointment in the U.S., he has shown time and time again that Georgians share the same val-ues as Americans. Georgian soldiers forged a strong bond with American soldiers as they fought alongside each other on the battlefield in Afghanistan. Georgians have also helped facilitate the growth of American law firms, col-leges, energy and IT companies in their coun-try. Our peoples’ mutual dedication to being forces for good in the international community shines through in all aspects of our relation-ship. I am proud of the way Ambassador Gegeshidze has represented the Georgian people here in America and worked to achieve our shared strategic goals. Together Georgians and Americans alike must continue the good work of the Ambas-sador. Given Russia’s aggression in the re-gion, we must continue to press for Georgia’s membership in NATO. Also, in light of the in-creased trade between our two countries, it would be a smart move to start negotiations on a U.S-Georgia free trade agreement. Thanks to the efforts of Ambassador Gegeshidze, the bond between Georgia and the United States is strong. He will be greatly missed, but he leaves Washington with a ro-bust U.S.-Georgia partnership in place for his successor. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD BROOKS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Richard Brooks, a High School teacher at Johnston 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13SE8.021 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1261 September 13, 2016 
Community School District in Johnston, Iowa. On Thursday, September 8, 2016, Richard Brooks was a recipient of The Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching at a ceremony in Wash-ington, D.C. The Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching (PAEMST) are the highest honors bestowed upon K–12 mathematics and science teachers by the federal government. Established by Congress in 1983, the PAEMST program has been a benchmark that all teachers strive to achieve. Richard Brooks’ dedication to his stu-dents and steadfastness in his commitment to excellence has not gone unnoticed. I am hon-ored to recognize him as one of this year’s re-cipients. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Richard Brooks for receiving this award and for providing the youth in Iowa’s 3rd Congres-sional District the education that they will need to be successful in the future. I am proud to represent him, his fellow teachers and stu-dents in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratu-lating Richard Brooks and wishing him well and continued success in the future. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE OPENING OF CITRUS RIDGE: A CIVICS ACADEMY 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the opening of Citrus Ridge: A Civics Academy, a new charter school for Kin-dergarten through eighth grade students, lo-cated in Florida’s 15th Congressional District. Citrus Ridge integrates Civics content and skills throughout all its students’ curriculum. There, students will learn the skills and re-sponsibilities associated with good citizenship by contributing to their school community. Middle School students have the special op-portunity to participate in the Civics Leader-ship Academy with a variety of civics elec-tives, including Speech and Debate, Engaged Citizenship through Service Learning, and Law Studies. By engaging in these courses, along with their regular curriculum, students will learn the importance of civic engagement and the valu-able principles of self-government. This great nation has a system of self-gov-ernment in place, thoughtfully set forth by our Founding Fathers. Self-government is the ability to govern one’s self. Without this ability, individuals and politicians cease to vote for and promote poli-cies contributing to the sustaining of our Re-public. We need to teach our children the principles of self-government at an early age and throughout their lives, so they may become well-informed and contributing citizens in our society. I congratulate and thank all those who have been engaged in and helped with this amazing effort, and I offer my continued support to Cit-rus Ridge moving forward. It is my hope Citrus Ridge will be an example of civic learning and engagement throughout the 15th District, the entire State of Florida, and the United States of America. f 
RECOGNIZING SEPTEMBER IS CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH AND THE LIFE OF AMAN-DA CONROW 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to observe September as National Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. This year over 16,000 children and adolescents will be diag-nosed with cancer. This horrifying disease does not know race, nationality, religion, gen-der, or socio-economic status. As a mother and a grandmother, one of my greatest hopes is that one day every person can live a healthy, long life without the fear of cancer. I’m especially proud that a bill I wrote, the Ge-netic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA), is now playing a leading role in much of the cancer research being done across the country today, after a 14 year fight to get it signed into law. Eliminating childhood cancer is one issue that I am grateful to see is bipartisan. As a member of the Congressional Childhood Can-cer Caucus, I am proud to work with my friends on both sides of the aisle to advocate and support robust funding for research to prevent the suffering and long-term effects of childhood cancer. With significant advances in medicine in the past 40 years, the mortality rate for childhood cancer has declined by more than 50 percent. Still, 1,250 children may lose their battle with cancer by the end of this year. We must con-tinue to push for robust funding for institutions such as the National Institutes of Health and the National Cancer Institute. We must work to increase awareness for early detection and support those in our community who face this reality with our compassion and support. Further, Mr. Speaker, I wish to pay tribute to the extraordinary life of Rochester’s own Amanda Conrow. In 2012, when she was just three years old, Amanda was diagnosed with ependymoma, a cancer of the brain and cen-tral nervous system. Doctors told Amanda’s parents she would maybe live another year. Amanda, like so many other courageous chil-dren, proved the doctors wrong. With the sup-port and love of her mother Liz, her father Paul, and her amazing siblings Samantha, Mi-chael, Jessica and Emily, Amanda lived to see her sixth birthday. Her determination and tena-ciousness inspired many in the community and helped to bring awareness to childhood cancer in the Rochester area. Sadly, Amanda lost her battle in the early hours of February 8, 2015. Mr. Speaker, let us all be inspired by Amanda’s life and the courage and bravery of every child facing this disease. It is my deep-est hope that we can support the work of doc-tors and researchers that are committed to working tirelessly so that one day we will achieve the ultimate goal of eliminating cancer as a threat to all. TRIBUTE TO KAREN AND DONALD TYE HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Karen and Donald Tye of Macedonia, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on July 9, 2016. Karen and Donald’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF JAMES G. PATTERSON 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the life of James G. Patterson. August 22nd marks the birthday of Mr. Pat-terson who served his country in Korea until the conflict ended on July 27, 1953. Mr. Pat-terson returned to Alabama in the late 1950s and joined the Alabama National Guard. He served at the integration of the University of Alabama in June of 1963 and during the third Civil Rights march from Selma to Montgomery in 1965. His Army and National Guard experience were important to him and he shared his ad-miration and respect for Korea, education, reli-gion and Civil Rights with his son, James E. Patterson, an Auburn University graduate, an Associate Member of the Korean War Vet-erans Association and a life member of the America Foreign Service Association. Mr. Patterson’s son honored his father, who passed away in 2003, by appearing as a re-porter in the 2015 film ‘‘Selma.’’ His son had his late father’s military photo in his pocket as his scenes were filmed in Atlanta the week of Father’s Day in 2014. James also wrote an ar-ticle in the April 2015 issue of the National Guard Magazine titled, ‘‘Proud of My Father.’’ On August 22, the Patterson family remem-bers and celebrates the life of James G. Pat-terson by volunteering at libraries, churches and schools. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes on Monday, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13SE8.025 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1262 September 13, 2016 
September 12, 2016. Had I been present for roll call vote number 496, H. Res. 847, Ex-pressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives about a national strategy for the Internet of Things to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 497, H. Res. 835, Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should adopt a national pol-icy for technology to promote consumers’ ac-cess to financial tools and online commerce to promote economic growth and consumer em-powerment, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING RABBI EMERITUS AMIEL WOHL 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize my friend, Rabbi Emeritus Amiel Wohl, who will be honored this Friday during a spe-cial farewell Shabbat Dinner and Service at Temple Israel of New Rochelle in New Ro-chelle, New York. Throughout his life, Rabbi Wohl has dedi-cated himself to his faith and his community. He has served as Rabbi at Temple Israel in New Rochelle since 1973. Previously, he served congregations in Waco, Texas; Balti-more, Maryland; and Sacramento, California, where he was the Chaplain of the California Senate. Since moving to Westchester, he has served as President of the Westchester Jew-ish Council, represented the Central Con-ference of American Rabbis on the Con-ference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organi-zations, and is a past President of the West-chester Board of Rabbis. He was also instru-mental in creating the only Sabbath service radio broadcast in the New York Metropolitan Area. As a local leader, Rabbi Wohl has worked to advance peaceful cooperation in our di-verse community. He was a founder of the Interreligious Council of New Rochelle, and served on the Human Rights Commission of New Rochelle and the Westchester County Human Rights Commission. He also helped create the Coalition for Mutual Respect, an or-ganization that supports dialogue and under-standing between Black and Jewish members of the community. Mr. Speaker, Rabbi Wohl’s many accom-plishments have left an indelible imprint on the communities he served. I congratulate my dear friend on a lifetime of commitment to the Jewish people and steadfast embodiment of, and devotion to, Jewish values. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEANETTE AND BILL CREES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jeanette and Bill Crees of Casey, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 12, 2016. Jeanette and Bill’s lifelong commitment to each other, and to their children, grand-children, and great-grandchild, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 496, had I been present, I would have voted YES. 
f 
HONORING JOANNE WHITE 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of the Committee on Ethics, and along with my col-league, Representative L
INDA SA´NCHEZ , the Ranking Member of the Committee on Ethics, we rise today so that we may recognize the long and dedicated service of Mattie Joanne White to the House of Representatives. Jo-anne is retiring from the Ethics Committee this year, after more than 25 years of service to the Committee, and over 41 years of service to the House of Representatives. Joanne started her service with the Com-mittee as a Staff Assistant, and through hard work and dedication, she rose to become the Committee’s Administrative Staff Director. The Committee on Ethics is the only standing com-mittee of the House whose membership is evenly divided between each political party. The Committee includes five members of each party. Also, unlike other committees, the day- to-day work of the Committee on Ethics is conducted by a staff that is nonpartisan by rule. Throughout that time, Joanne has been the model of the Committee’s non-partisan, professional staff. We congratulate Joanne on the completion of an exemplary career in public service. We will miss her knowledge and leadership, but we know that she will remain our friend. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEAN AND BOB BOOTS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Jean and Bob Boots of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very special oc-casion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 17, 1956 at the Con-gregational Church in Stuart, Iowa. Jean and Bob’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Steve, Judy, and Linda, eight grandchildren and three great- grandchildren truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they con-tinue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF 45 YEARS OF CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS LEADERSHIP 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the continued service over the last 45 years of the members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Since its inception, the Con-gressional Black Caucus has been committed to advancing justice, fairness, and equal pro-tection under the law. I am proud to work with Caucus Chair G. K. B
UTTERFIELD , original founding member Representative J
OHN CON-
YERS , Jr., and over forty other members of Congress who diligently highlight inequalities and advocate for solutions to some of our na-tion’s most significant problems. As an active member of the Caucus since its foundation, I am humbled to serve for a body that protects the most vulnerable, and serves as a mouthpiece for those who often find themselves without a voice. What began 45 years ago as a group of thirteen individuals who expressed their concerns to President Richard Nixon has grown nearly three times in size, and has become an institution in the fight for social, economic, educational, and judicial change. In many Congressional districts, including the 13th district of New York, our constituents face challenges of discrimination and, if not for the Congressional Black Caucus, might not have representation on issues of significance. While we have come a long way from the marches for Civil Rights in the 1960s, we still have many miles to go. Until we get there, I am confident that the Congressional Black Caucus will continue its dedication to resolve critical issues that affect minority communities. This week as we approach the annual Con-gressional Black Caucus Foundation’s Legisla-tive Conference, we celebrate the achieve-ments and advocacy of the Congressional Black Caucus, but realize there is more to be done. As we look to the future, the Congres-sional Black Caucus will remain the con-science of Congress and continue to improve the lives for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13SE8.030 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1263 September 13, 2016 
HONORING JOANNE WHITE 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 13, 2016 Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Joanne White for her remarkable career and service to the House and the Committee on Ethics. To reach a milestone of 41 years in any field is an accom-plishment. To do it in public service requires a servant’s heart—and Joanne truly has a serv-ant’s heart. During more than 25 years at Ethics, Jo-anne has worked with 67 Members of the House; 13 Chairmen and 9 Ranking Members; and scores of House staff. Miss Joanne, as she is lovingly known, has been a sounding board and institutional memory for Members of the Committee. She has been a steady and stalwart colleague to all of her co-workers, and a mentor to younger staffers. To all of us, she has also been a valued friend. Joanne will never really be gone from the Committee or the House. She will be with us in the tone of collegiality and respect she helped to foster and in the example she set for so many staffers over the years. Since many of them have gone on to other positions of public service, her impact will be felt far be-yond the Ethics Committee. That is a wonder-ful and fitting legacy for a true public servant. We thank Joanne’s family for sharing Jo-anne with the House for these many years, and for letting her become part of our family here. Most of all, we thank Joanne for her many years of service and wish her the best in her well-earned retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13SE8.037 E13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D911 Tuesday, September 13, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5583–S5679 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and six resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3313–3320, and S. Res. 553–558.
                                                       Page S5671 
Measures Reported: S. 2383, to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–349) S. 2548, to establish the 400 Years of African- American History Commission, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–350)
                                         Page S5669 
Measures Passed: District of Columbia Special Olympics Law En-forcement Torch Run: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 131, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olym-pics Law Enforcement Torch Run.
                   Page S5677 
Republic of Congo Presidential Elections: Senate agreed to S. Res. 485, urging the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power in 2016, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the title amendment.
                                               Pages S5677–78 
School Bus Safety Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 557, designating September 2016 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month’’.
                                                            Page S5678 
State of Louisiana flooding: Senate agreed to S. Res. 558, honoring the memory and legacy of the 12 Louisiana citizens and 1 Texas citizen who lost their lives due to the tragic flooding in the State of Lou-isiana in August 2016.
                                           Page S5678 Measures Considered: Water Resources Development Act—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of S. 2848, to pro-vide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improve-ments to rivers and harbors of the United States, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                          Pages S5585–94, S5594–S5660 
Adopted: Inhofe/Boxer Modified Amendment No. 5042 (to Amendment No. 4979), of a perfecting nature. 
                                                                                    Pages S5603–60 
Pending: McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 4979, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S5585 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: Inhofe Amendment No. 4980 (to Amendment No. 4979), to make a technical correction, fell when Inhofe/Boxer Amendment No. 5042 (to Amendment No. 4979) was agreed to.
                       Pages S5585, S5660 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at 11 a.m., on Wednesday, September 14, 2016; that not-withstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all post- cloture time with respect to McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 4979 (listed above) expire at 2:45 p.m.; and that if cloture on the bill, as amended, if amended, is invoked, the post-cloture time count as if cloture was invoked at 1 a.m., on Wednesday, September 14, 2016.
                                               Page S5678 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Christopher Coons, of Delaware, to be Representa-tive of the United States of America to the Seventy- first Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Ronald H. Johnson, of Wisconsin, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Seventy-first Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Valerie Biden Owens, of Delaware, to be an Alter-nate Representative of the United States of America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13SE6.REC D13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD912 September 13, 2016 
to the Seventy-first Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Cynthia Ryan, of the District of Columbia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Seventy-first Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Diane Gujarati, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
                                                                                            Page S5679 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S5668–69 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5669 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S5669, S5678 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S5669 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S5669 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5671–72 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5673–74 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5667–68 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5674–77 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5677 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5677 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:41 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, September 14, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5678.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported H.R. 2647, to ex-pedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Man-agement, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. ENCRYPTION AND CYBER MATTERS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine encryption and cyber matters, after receiving testimony from Marcell J. Lettre II, Under Secretary for Intelligence, and Admiral Mi-chael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, Cyber Com-mand/Director, National Security Agency/Chief, Central Security Services, both of the Department of Defense. NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, focusing on review-ing the recommendations of the Technical Mapping Advisory Council’s 2015 Annual Report, including S. 1679, to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and per-sonal property be covered by flood insurance, after receiving testimony from Roy E. Wright, Deputy Associate Administrator for Insurance and Mitiga-tion, Federal Emergency Management Agency, De-partment of Homeland Security; John Dorman, North Carolina Flood Risk Management Program, Charlotte; and Scott K. Edelman, AECOM, Wash-ington, DC. BETTER ONLINE TICKET SALES ACT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine S. 3183, to prohibit the circumvention of control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, after receiving testimony from Bob Bowlsby, Big 12 Conference, Irving, Texas; Jeffrey Seller, Adventureland, New York, New York; Tod Cohen, StubHub, Oakland, California; and Jeremy Liegl, Pandora Media, Inc. and Ticketfly, LLC, San Francisco, California. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13SE6.REC D13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D913 September 13, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6000–6019; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 862, 864–866 were introduced.
      Pages H5435–36 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5436–37 
Reports Filed:Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3438, to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of high-impact rules pending judicial review, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–743); H. Res. 863, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5351) to prohibit the transfer of any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R 5226) to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publica-tion of information relating to pending agency regu-latory actions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–744); H.R. 4419, to update the financial disclosure re-quirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–745); and H.R. 5461, to require the Secretary of the Treas-ury to submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–746, Part 1).
                                Pages H5434–35 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Webster (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5341 
Recess: The House recessed at 11 a.m. and recon-vened at 12 noon.
                                                     Page H5348 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Wayne Lomax, The Foun-tain of New Life Church, Miami Gardens, FL. 
                                                                                            Page H5348 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Fleming announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                       Pages H5351–52 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Cartwright wherein he resigned from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Natural Resources. 
                                                                                            Page H5365 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 862, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
        Page H5365 Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Sen-iors Act: The House passed H.R. 3590, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the in-crease in the income threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care, by a yea-and-nay vote of 261 yeas to 147 nays, Roll No. 502. 
                                                                                    Pages H5380–86 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                            Page H5380 
H. Res. 858, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3590) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 169 noes, Roll No. 501, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 500. 
                                                                Pages H5352–57, H5364–65 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act: H.R. 5587, amended, to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 405 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 503; and 
                                                                      Pages H5365–80, H5386 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Au-thorities Act of 2016: H.R. 5985, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend cer-tain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
                       Pages H5387–90 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and agree to the fol-lowing measure which was debated on Monday, Sep-tember 12th: Expressing support for the expeditious consider-ation and finalization of a new, robust, and long- term Memorandum of Understanding on military assistance to Israel between the United States Gov-ernment and the Government of Israel: H. Res. 729, expressing support for the expeditious consider-ation and finalization of a new, robust, and long- term Memorandum of Understanding on military as-sistance to Israel between the United States Govern-ment and the Government of Israel, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 405 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 504. 
                                                                                    Pages H5386–87 
VA Accountability First and Appeals Moderniza-tion Act of 2016: The House began consideration of H.R. 5620, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13SE6.REC D13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD914 September 13, 2016 
on performance or misconduct. Consideration is ex-pected to resume tomorrow, September 14th. 
                                                                             Pages H5390–H5417 
Agreed to: Miller (FL) manager’s amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that makes technical and con-forming changes to the bill and aligns the due proc-ess procedures for the recoupment provisions of the bill;
                                                                           Pages H5404–05 
Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that adds Members of Congress to the reporting requirements; 
                                                                                    Pages H5407–08 
Takano amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 114–742), as modified, that adds section 8, Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, to the bill;
                                                                           Pages H5409–11 
Newhouse amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that applies the statutory requirements of the Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act (EMTALA) to emergency care furnished by the VA to enrolled veterans; requires every enrolled veteran who arrives at the emergency department of a VA medical facility, and indicates an emergency condi-tion exists, be assessed and treated in an effort to prevent further injury or death;
                 Pages H5411–14 
Takano amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that provides the sense of the Congress honoring American veterans disabled for life and en-couraging Americans to do so each year;
      Page H5415 
Takano amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that establishes positions of Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks (VISN) in the VA’s Office of Undersecretary for Health; 
                                                                                    Pages H5415–16 
Keating amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that directs healthcare providers with VA affiliation to take continuing education courses spe-cific to pain management, opioids, and substance abuse; and
                                                              Pages H5416–17 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that requires the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs or a designee to review covered whistle-blower complaints quarterly.
                               Page H5417 
Withdrawn: Schweikert amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have required that the VA use distributive ledger technology when scheduling healthcare appointments to ensure transparency and accountability 1 year after enactment.
    Pages H5414–15 
Proceedings Postponed: Walz amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that seeks to strike sections 2 through 8 and section 10;
                                                   Pages H5405–06 Takano amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that seeks to replace Section 3 with a new provision allowing the Secretary to suspend without pay any VA employee whose performance or mis-conduct threatens public health or safety, including the health and safety of veterans; and may remove a suspended employee after such investigation and re-view as the Secretary considers necessary, if the Sec-retary determines removal is in the interests of pub-lic health and safety; and
                              Pages H5406–07 
Kuster amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–742) that seeks to replace Section 7 with S. 2921 Section 113, which contains an improved proc-ess to expedite the removal or demotion of a mem-ber of the Senior Executive Service.
         Pages H5408–09 
H. Res. 859, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5620) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 241 yeas to 169 nays, Roll No. 499, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 237 yeas to 170 nays, Roll No. 498. 
                                                                                    Pages H5357–64 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5362–63, H5363–64, H5364, H5364–65, H5385–86, H5386 and H5387. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:32 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: IMPROVING INNOVATION AND SUCCESS IN EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING PROGRAMS Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Nutrition held a hearing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Improving Innovation and Success in Em-ployment and Training Programs’’. Testimony was heard from David Stillman, Assistant Secretary for the Economic Services Administration, Department of Social and Health Services, Olympia, Washington and a public witness. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology concluded a mark-up on H.R. 2566, the ‘‘Improving Rural Call Qual-ity and Reliability Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2669, the ‘‘Anti-Spoofing Act of 2015’’. H.R. 2566 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. H.R. 2669 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13SE6.REC D13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D915 September 13, 2016 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health concluded a markup on H.R. 4365, the ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medica-tions Act of 2016’’; H.R. 1192, the ‘‘National Dia-betes Clinical Care Commission Act’’; H.R. 1209, the ‘‘Improving Access to Maternity Care Act’’; H.R. 1877, the ‘‘Mental Health First Aid’’; and H.R. 2713, the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthor-ization Act of 2015’’. The following bills were for-warded to the full committee, as amended: H.R. 4365, H.R. 1192, and H.R. 1877. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment: H.R. 1209 and H.R. 2713. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5983, the ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2016’’. H.R. 5983 was ordered reported, as amended. MOVING THE LINE OF SCRIMMAGE: RE- EXAMINING THE DEFENSE-IN-DEPTH STRATEGY Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Moving the Line of Scrimmage: Re-examining the Defense-in-Depth Strategy’’. Testimony was heard from Mark Morgan, Chief, U.S. Border Patrol, De-partment of Homeland Security; and public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5065, the ‘‘Bottles and Breastfeeding Equipment Screening Act’’; H.R. 5346, the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act’’; H.R. 5459, the ‘‘Cyber Preparedness Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5460, the ‘‘First Responder Access to Innova-tive Technologies Act’’; H.R. 5728, the ‘‘Cuban Air-port Security Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5843, the ‘‘United States-Israel Cybersecurity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 5877, the ‘‘United States-Israel Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5943, the ‘‘Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 5065, H.R. 5346, H.R. 5459, H.R. 5460, H.R. 5728, H.R. 5843, H.R. 5859, H.R. 5877, and H.R. 5943. EXPLORING FEDERAL DIVERSITY JURISDICTION Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring Federal Diversity Jurisdiction’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE U.S. PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Patent and Trade-mark Office’’. Testimony was heard from Michelle Lee, Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property, and Director, Patent and Trademark Of-fice. REVIEWING THE ECONOMIC IMPACTS FROM THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE COMMONWEALTH-ONLY WORKER PROGRAM IN THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS UNDER PUBLIC LAW 110–229 Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on reviewing the economic impacts from the im-plementation of the Commonwealth-only worker program in the Northern Mariana Islands under Public Law 110–229. Testimony was heard from Ralph Deleon Guerrero Torres, Governor, Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; and a public witness. EXAMINING PRESERVATION OF STATE DEPARTMENT FEDERAL RECORDS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee began a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Preservation of State Department Federal Records’’. Testimony was heard from a public witness. 21ST CENTURY CONSERVATION PRACTICES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior held a hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Conservation Practices’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. REGULATORY INTEGRITY ACT OF 2016; A BILL TO PROHIBIT THE TRANSFER OF ANY INDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5226, the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5351, to prohibit the transfer of any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a closed rule for H.R. 5351. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Armed Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13SE6.REC D13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD916 September 13, 2016 
be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Additionally, the Committee grant-ed a structured rule for H.R. 5226. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–63 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Walorski, Smith of Washington, Walberg, Clay, and Fleming. PROTECTING THE 2016 ELECTIONS FROM CYBER AND VOTING MACHINE ATTACKS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting the 2016 Elections from Cyber and Voting Machine Attacks’’. Testimony was heard from Charles H. Romine, Di-rector, Information Technology Laboratory, National Institute of Standards and Technology; Tom Schedler, Secretary of State, State of Louisiana; and public witnesses. THE CUMULATIVE BURDEN OF PRESIDENT OBAMA’S EXECUTIVE ORDERS ON SMALL CONTRACTORS Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, Oversight, and Regulations; and Sub-committee on Contracting and Workforce held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Cumulative Burden of President Obama’s Executive Orders on Small Con-tractors’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. BACK TO SCHOOL: A REVIEW OF TAX- EXEMPT COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY ENDOWMENTS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘Back to School: A Review of Tax-Exempt College and University Endowments’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine the future of nuclear power, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Committee on the Budget: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Congressional Budget Office, 2:30 p.m., SD–608. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on West-ern Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine protecting girls, focusing on global efforts to end child marriage, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine North Atlantic Treaty Organization expansion, focusing on the accession of Montenegro, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 2796, to repeal certain obsolete laws relating to Indians; to be immediately followed by a hearing to ex-amine S. 2636, to amend the Act of June 18, 1934, to require mandatory approval of applications for land to be taken into trust if the land is wholly within a reservation, S. 3216, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer ju-risdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reserva-tion’’, S. 3222, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety conditions at Bureau of In-dian Affairs facilities that were constructed to provide treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and ex-pend funds on construction of facilities and structures to improve those conditions, and S. 3300, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Hualapai Tribe and certain allottees in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project relating to those water rights claims, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine protecting Internet freedom, fo-cusing on the implications of ending United States over-sight of the Internet, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13SE6.REC D13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D917 September 13, 2016 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the future of the Department of Veterans Affairs, fo-cusing on examining the Commission on Care report and the VA’s response, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine maximizing Social Security benefits, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 470, the ‘‘Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forest Land Adjustment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 845, the ‘‘National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act’’; and H.R. 5883, the ‘‘Technical and Clarifying Amendments to the Pack-ers and Stockyards Act of 2016’’; and hearing entitled ‘‘American Agricultural Trade with Cuba’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Next Generation Air Space Control—Ensuring Air Force Compliance by January 1, 2020’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Growing Risks to the Budget and the Economy’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5963, the ‘‘Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health; and Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Affordable Care Act on Shaky Ground: Outlook and Oversight’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Advanced Ro-botics’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5931, the ‘‘Prohibiting Future Ransom Pay-ments to Iran Act’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Eritrea: A Neglected Regional Threat’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Turkey After the July Coup Attempt’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘North Korea’s Perpetual Provocations: Another Dan-gerous, Escalatory Nuclear Test’’, 3 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Shutting Down Terrorist Pathways into Amer-ica’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5992, the ‘‘American Job Creation and Investment Promotion Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5982, the ‘‘Mid-night Rules Relief Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5801, the ‘‘Protect and Grow American Jobs Act’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5780, the ‘‘Utah Public Lands Initiative Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Affordable Care Act’s Premium Increases’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Radicalization in the U.S. and the Rise of Terrorism’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Subcommittee on Rules and Organi-zation of the House, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day Hearing on Proposed Rules Changes for the 115th Con-gress’’, 10 a.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Affirming Congress’ Constitu-tional Oversight Responsibilities: Subpoena Authority and Recourse for Failure to Comply with Lawfully Issued Subpoenas’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Puts Small Businesses through Audit Wringer’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5011, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; H.R. 5147, the ‘‘Bathrooms Accessible in Every Situation (BA-BIES) Act’’; H.R. 5873, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San An-tonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; H.R. 5957, the ‘‘Federal Aviation Administration Veteran Transition Improvement Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5977, to di-rect the Secretary of Transportation to provide to the ap-propriate committees of Congress advance notice of cer-tain announcements, and for other purposes; H.R. 5978, the ‘‘Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Amend-ments Act of 2016’’; S. 546, the ‘‘RESPONSE Act of 2016’’; and possible other matters cleared for consider-ation, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of VA’s Misuse of Employee Settlement Agreements’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring the Use of Technology and Innovation to Create Efficiencies, Higher Quality, and Better Access for Beneficiaries in Health Care’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3957, the ‘‘Emer-gency Citrus Disease Response Act’’; H.R. 5946, the ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act’’; H.R. 5719, the ‘‘Empowering Em-ployees through Stock Ownership Act’’; H.R. 2285, the ‘‘Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act’’; H.R. 5879, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities; H.R. 5406, the ‘‘Helping Ensure Ac-countability, Leadership, and Trust in Tribal Healthcare Act’’; H.R. 5204, the ‘‘Stop Taxing Death and Disability Act’’; and H.R. 4220, the ‘‘Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13SE6.REC D13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD918 September 13, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, September 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senate will continue consideration of S. 2848, Water Resources Development Act. At 2:45 p.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 4979. Following disposition of McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 4979, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration of H.R. 5620—VA Accountability First and Appeals Mod-ernization Act of 2016. Consideration of H.R. 5226— Regulatory Integrity Act of 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1259 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1257 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E1255 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E1262 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E1255, E1256 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1257 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1256 Foster, Bill, Ill., E1258 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1257 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1261 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E1262 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1262 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1257 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1255, E1256 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1256, E1260, E1260 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1262 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1257, E1258, E1261 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E1258, E1261 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1257 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E1263 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1256 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1255 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1261 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1259 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1259 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1259 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1258 Young, David, Iowa, E1256, E1257, E1257, E1258, E1259, E1260, E1260, E1261, E1262, E1262 Young, Todd C., Ind., E1257 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13SE6.REC D13SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST