Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1947 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 2016 No. 64 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. U
PTON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 26, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable F
RED U
PTON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO LINCOLN HIGH SCHOOL AND GRANT HIGH SCHOOL CONSTITUTIONAL COM-PETITION PARTICIPANTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today is primary day in the Mid-Atlan-tic and Northeast States, the so-called Acela Primary, the five States all served by Amtrak. Fortunately, we are going to get a break, briefly, from a primary season that is truly cringe-worthy. But for hundreds of people who were privileged to watch high school stu-dents from across America participate in the We the People constitutional competition, there is hope. These teenage scholars, most not old enough to vote or to drive, compete in a contest demonstrating their knowl-edge of the Constitution and demo-cratic principles as well as their ability to think on their feet. At a time when civics education doesn’t appear to be a priority for most of American education, this shows the appetite and the capacity to fill that gap. I have more than a little hometown pride in this undertaking. The Class-room Law Project has been a priority of my family for years and continues to be so. For the last 4 years, two public high schools in Portland, Oregon, have al-ternated the National Championship, with Lincoln High School finishing first in 2012 and 2014 and Grant High School in Portland winning the na-tional trophy in 2013 and 2015. This year Oregon was able to send both teams to the national finals, and the pattern continued, as Lincoln won its third trophy in 5 years and Grant, given an opportunity to compete, fin-ished third, an unprecedented accom-plishment for one town’s high schools. This amazing success speaks to the dedication of the young scholars and the amazing support of their families that was evident in the competition, the finals of which were held here in our Nation’s Capital. Both teams have a core of volunteer coaches who are lawyers and judges, citizens who focus on these kids and civics. They care deeply. Having watched one of these young scholars several years ago in our household, I can testify to the inten-sity, the depth, and the passion for the Constitution and for our government. Time doesn’t permit me to recognize all these outstanding young people and their mentors, the team that brought them here, but I must acknowledge the presence and advocacy of Peyton Chap-man, the principal of Lincoln High School, their main coach, Steve Grif-fith, representative of all these amaz-ing adults who invest so much in the young people, and Instructor George Ten Eych, because all of these pro-grams rely on a dedicated professional in the classroom to make it happen. I had an opportunity on the floor of the House to meet with both of these teams late last week. Listening to their comments and questions, I cele-brated their insights and hard work, their commitment, even as I wish we could have all of them on the floor of this House to elevate the discussion and deliberation, and I think they would add, frankly, to the decision-making. But until their time will come—and it can’t come soon enough—in the meantime, we celebrate five consecu-tive National Championships for two public high schools in Portland, Or-egon. Congratulations, Lincoln Cardinals, on your championship, and Grant High School, finishing third. Together, you have dominated this elite competition for 5 consecutive years. Congratulations. f 
NATIONAL DRUG TAKE-BACK DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, many people have unneeded or expired medications in their medi-cine cabinets. It can be hard to know how to dispose of these medications properly. On Saturday, April 30, we have an op-portunity to safely dispose of unused, expired, or unwanted prescription medications. Saturday is National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.000 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1948 April 26, 2016 
Drug Take-Back Day, where you can take medicines to an official drop-off site to have them disposed of respon-sibly. This is a no-questions-asked chance to clean out your medicine cabinets and improve the safety of your own homes. West Virginia and this Nation are in the grips of a drug epidemic, and it will take all of us working together to solve this problem. Each one of us can do our part. While it may seem like some-thing small, safely disposing of unused medicines and medications is one of these measures. Drug Take-Back Day is a chance for our communities to come together and show that we are united in combating the drug epidemic. Small efforts can make a huge difference. Please go to DEA.gov and find a local Drug Take-Back Day location near you. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Blessed are You, merciful God of us all. You have given us a new birth and made us a living hope for the world. As a nation, we have inherited great natural resources and unfailing prin-ciples to guide our destiny. By Your power, You have safeguarded faith in Your people. You have made us ready to reveal in our time Your creativity and goodness active in us, but for the common good of all. We rejoice in Your blessings upon this Congress and the people they rep-resent. Even during times of various trials and moments of struggle, our gaze is fixed on You as the source of all goodness and foundation of peace. May genuine faith, which is more precious than gold tested by fire, be proven in us. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within the peo-ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
A DEDICATED EDUCATOR (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor St. Mi-chael-Albertville superintendent Dr. Jim Behle whose approaching retire-ment will mark the end of a 39-year ca-reer in education. In addition to his time as superintendent, throughout the past four decades Dr. Behle has served as a teacher, principal, guidance coun-selor, and associate superintendent. Dr. Behle is one of the most beloved and revered members of our commu-nity because of his dedication to our children. Under his strong leadership, the district had many achievements, including ranking among the top 15 percent in the State for reading and math scores. As a testament to Dr. Behle’s hard work, the school board reluctantly ac-cepted his resignation before making the statement: ‘‘This is a great loss to the district, and if at any point you change your mind, don’t hesitate to let us know.’’ His service to our community will surely be missed, and we thank him for his years of commitment to genera-tions of St. Michael-Albertville stu-dents and their parents. Enjoy your retirement, Dr. Behle. 
f 
FLINT, MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, so far this House of Representatives has done nothing to help the people of my home-town of Flint, Michigan. I left Flint this morning, and I left behind a city of 100,000 people who for 2 years now have not been able to drink the water com-ing out of their tap. It is a disaster, it is a public health crisis, and it demands a response not just from the State government, which clearly is principally responsible for what happened. The people of my hometown are American citizens and have a right to have their national gov-ernment, the Federal Government, step in and help them in the moment of their greatest need. This is the job of the United States Congress. We have legislation that would provide relief to the people of Flint rather than arguing over blame. That will come in time. There has been plenty of time devoted to that subject. The legislation that I offer would have the Federal Government and the State government equally share in the cost of putting this community back together and getting the people in Flint, Michigan, something that every American ought to be able to get up in the morning and take for granted, and that is that the water they drink is clean, safe, and will not make them sick. It is time for this House to act. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CYBERKIDS PROGRAM AT BETHLEHEM ELE-MENTARY SCHOOL (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month I visited with students in the Cyberkids after-school program at Bethlehem Elementary School in Alex-ander County. This program enriches learning through research, team col-laboration, and communication in the STEM areas. We started the visit by discussing the U.S. Constitution. Then the students staged a skit that explained the proc-ess of how a bill becomes a law. In the performance, they detected a problem, came up with a solution, and collected signatures for a petition they pre-sented to their representative, who in-troduced a bill, and demonstrated how Members of the House and Senate ar-rive at a compromise and turn legisla-tion into law. I had the honor of sign-ing the legislation, and the students held a mock press conference to discuss the new law. The aptitude these students showed during my visit was impressive and in-spiring, and I commend everyone in-volved in this innovative educational program. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 26, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 26, 2016 at 9:20 am.: That the Senate passed S. 1579. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.003 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1949 April 26, 2016 
declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1500 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) at 3 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
INVESTOR CLARITY AND BANK PARITY ACT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4096) to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restric-tions, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4096 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NAMING RESTRICTIONS. 
Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1)(G)(vi), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, except that the hedge fund or private equity fund may share the same name or a variation of the same name as a banking entity that is an investment adviser to the hedge fund or private equity find, if— ‘‘(I) such investment adviser is not an in-sured depository institution, a company that controls an insured depository institution, or a company that is treated as a bank hold-ing company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978; ‘‘(II) such investment adviser does not share the same name or a variation of the same name as an insured depository institu-tion, any company that controls an insured depository institution, or any company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978; and ‘‘(III) such name does not contain the word ‘bank’’’; and (2) in subsection (h)(5)(C), by inserting be-fore the period the following: ‘‘, except as permitted under subsection (d)(1)(G)(vi)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4096, the Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act. I want to thank the primary sponsors of the legislation— the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS )—for their work in bringing this very technical, yet need-ed, legislation to the floor of the House today. Mr. Speaker, during this time of di-vided government, it may come as a surprise to some that the Committee on Financial Services has generated a significant amount of bipartisan legis-lation since the beginning of 2015. In fact, this Congress our committee has approved over 70 bills, with the vast majority of these receiving bipartisan support, and in many cases unanimous support. I am pleased that we are able to bring to the floor today a number of bills that received the backing of both Republicans and Democrats out of our committee. One of these bills is the In-vestor Clarity and Bank Parity Act, which passed out of the committee by a voice vote. What does that bill do? Well, this bill corrects a statutory error made in section 619 of Dodd- Frank, more commonly known as the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule lim-ited the ability of bank holding compa-nies or their affiliates to invest in hedge funds or private equity funds, collectively known as covered funds. Now, we had a number of debates in our committee as to the general wis-dom of the Volcker Rule and whether it actually reduces systemic risk and protects taxpayers or not. I think one thing we can all agree on is that so long as section 619 is the law of the land, Congress should do what it can to limit any negative and unintended con-sequences of the Volcker Rule. Because of the way that Dodd-Frank was drafted, a bank or one of its affili-ates was prohibited from sharing its name with a covered fund that it was invested in. By disallowing a covered fund to share a name with the spon-soring entity, this provision of the Volcker Rule could actually lead to more and widespread investor confu-sion about who is actually managing the assets of that particular fund. As Jeffrey Plunkett of Natixis Global Asset Management told our sub-committee at a hearing back in Feb-ruary, he said: ‘‘We believe that com-pliance with the name-sharing prohibi-tion of the Volcker Rule . . . risks con-fusion among investors and burdens firms that are affiliated with banks, leading to a lack of transparency for clients.’’ So the fix envisioned here today in H.R. 4096 is really a simple one. It al-lows a covered fund to share its name with a sponsoring entity in order to provide clarity and transparency to the investor. I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4096. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also rise to support H.R. 4096 for the exact reasons that Mr. GARRETT just pointed out. I would like to be as clear as I can. I am a strong proponent and supporter of the Volcker Rule, and I would not support anything that would undermine that rule. That is not what this does. This is simply a clarification of an item that was never intended. Even as a supporter of that rule, this is not the outcome we intended. It is sim-ply to clarify naming abilities by cer-tain entities. I want to be also clear that nothing in this provision would allow some-thing like the Bank of America Fund. You still cannot name it after a bank. These are subsidiaries of some banks. In this particular case, Natixis happens to be located in my district. They are the ones who brought this issue to my attention. They also happen to be af-filiated with Loomis Sayles. Loomis Sayles is not a bank, but it is an affiliate of a bank. Therefore, Loomis Sayles would not be allowed to say this is a Loomis Sayles item. They have to call it some funny name, ABCD Fund or whatever it might be. That was never the intention of the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule was to make sure that the finances of this country and this world are as stable as possible so that people couldn’t have conflicts of interest and on and on and on. This is a technical amendment, something that I strongly support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, inas-much as the gentleman has yielded back, has no other speakers, I don’t be-lieve that we have any other speakers on this side of the aisle. I will close by saying thank you to the gentleman for working with us on this and a bunch of other legislation I also hope to bring to the floor sooner rather than later. I encourage Members on both sides of the aisle to support this bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4096. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.006 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1950 April 26, 2016 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FAIR ACCESS TO INVESTMENT RESEARCH ACT OF 2016 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5019) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5019 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SAFE HARBOR FOR INVESTMENT FUND RESEARCH. 
(a) E XPANSION OF THE SAFEHARBOR .—Not later than the end of the 45-day period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall propose, and not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on such date, the Commission shall adopt, upon such terms, conditions, or requirements as the Commission may determine necessary or ap-propriate in the public interest, for the pro-tection of investors, and for the promotion of capital formation, revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide that a covered investment fund re-search report that is published or distributed by a broker or dealer— (1) shall be deemed, for purposes of sections 2(a)(10) and 5(c) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(10), 77e(c)), not to constitute an offer for sale or an offer to sell a security that is the subject of an offering pursuant to a registration statement that is effective, even if the broker or dealer is participating or will participate in the registered offering of the covered investment fund’s securities; and (2) shall be deemed to satisfy the condi-tions of subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor provisions, for pur-poses of the Commission’s rules and regula-tions under the Federal securities laws and the rules of any self-regulatory organization. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF SAFE HARBOR .—In implementing the safe harbor pursuant to subsection (a), the Commission shall— (1) not, in the case of a covered investment fund with a class of securities in substan-tially continuous distribution, condition the safe harbor on whether the broker’s or deal-er’s publication or distribution of a covered investment fund research report constitutes such broker’s or dealer’s initiation or reiniti-ation of research coverage on such covered investment fund or its securities; (2) not— (A) require the covered investment fund to have been registered as an investment com-pany under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) or subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m, 78o(d)) for any period exceeding the period of time referenced under para-graph (a)(1)(i)(A)(1) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; or (B) impose a minimum float provision ex-ceeding that referenced in paragraph (a)(1)(i)(A)(1)(i) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; (3) provide that a self-regulatory organiza-tion may not maintain or enforce any rule that would— (A) prohibit the ability of a member to publish or distribute a covered investment fund research report solely because the mem-ber is also participating in a registered offer-ing or other distribution of any securities of such covered investment fund; or (B) prohibit the ability of a member to par-ticipate in a registered offering or other dis-tribution of securities of a covered invest-ment fund solely because the member has published or distributed a covered invest-ment fund research report about such cov-ered investment fund or its securities; and (4) provide that a covered investment fund research report shall not be subject to sec-tion 24(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)) or the rules and reg-ulations thereunder, except that such report may still be subject to such section and the rules and regulations thereunder to the ex-tent that it is otherwise not subject to the content standards in the rules of any self- regulatory organization related to research reports, including those contained in the rules governing communications with the public regarding investment companies or substantially similar standards. (c) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as in any way limiting— (1) the applicability of the antifraud or antimanipulation provisions of the Federal securities laws and rules adopted thereunder to a covered investment fund research re-port, including section 17 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q), section 34(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–33), and sections 9 and 10 of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78i, 78j); or (2) the authority of any self-regulatory or-ganization to examine or supervise a mem-ber’s practices in connection with such mem-ber’s publication or distribution of a covered investment fund research report for compli-ance with applicable provisions of the Fed-eral securities laws or self-regulatory orga-nization rules related to research reports, in-cluding those contained in rules governing communications with the public. (d) I
NTERIM EFFECTIVENESS OF SAFE HAR-
BOR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—From and after the 180- day period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act, if the Commission has not adopted revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, as required by subsection (a), and until such time as the Commission has done so, a broker or dealer distributing or publishing a covered invest-ment fund research report after such date shall be able to rely on the provisions of sec-tion 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regu-lations, and the broker or dealer’s publica-tion of such report shall be deemed to satisfy the conditions of subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, if the covered investment fund that is the subject of such report satisfies the reporting history requirements (without regard to Form S–3 or Form F–3 eligibility) and minimum float provisions of such sub-sections for purposes of the Commission’s rules and regulations under the Federal secu-rities laws and the rules of any self-regu-latory organization, as if revised and imple-mented in accordance with subsections (a) and (b). (2) S
TATUS OF COVERED INVESTMENT FUND .— After such period and until the Commission has adopted revisions to section 230.139 and FINRA has revised rule 2210, for purposes of subsection (c)(7)(O) of such rule, a covered investment fund shall be deemed to be a se-curity that is listed on a national securities exchange and that is not subject to section 24(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)). Communications con-cerning only covered investment funds that fall within the scope of such section shall not be required to be filed with FINRA. (e) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this Act: (1) The term ‘‘covered investment fund re-search report’’ means a research report pub-lished or distributed by a broker or dealer about a covered investment fund or any se-curities issued by the covered investment fund, but not including a research report to the extent that it is published or distributed by the covered investment fund or any affil-iate of the covered investment fund. (2) The term ‘‘covered investment fund’’ means— (A) an investment company registered under, or that has filed an election to be treated as a business development company under, the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that has filed a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 for the pub-lic offering of a class of its securities, which registration statement has been declared ef-fective by the Commission; and (B) a trust or other person— (i) issuing securities in an offering reg-istered under the Securities Act of 1933 and which class of securities is listed for trading on a national securities exchange; (ii) the assets of which consist primarily of commodities, currencies, or derivative in-struments that reference commodities or currencies, or interests in the foregoing; and (iii) that provides in its registration state-ment under the Securities Act of 1933 that a class of its securities are purchased or re-deemed, subject to conditions or limitations, for a ratable share of its assets. (3) The term ‘‘FINRA’’ means the Finan-cial Industry Regulatory Authority. (4) The term ‘‘research report’’ has the meaning given that term under section 2(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(3)), except that such term shall not in-clude an oral communication. (5) The term ‘‘self-regulatory organiza-tion’’ has the meaning given to that term under section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any other extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5019, the Fair Access to Investment Re-search Act of 2016. I want to thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), who will be speaking in a little bit, for his diligent work on this piece of legis-lation, as well as for his valued work and his input that he has brought all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.009 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1951 April 26, 2016 
year long to the Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets and Government Spon-sored Enterprises. Mr. Speaker, one of the most positive developments in our economy over the last several decades is what has been dubbed the ‘‘democratization’’ of our capital markets. Because of the ad-vances in technology and market com-petition, more Americans than ever have the ability to take control of their own investments and have access to products that used to be reserved for the rich and the professionals. The $200 trade has now become the $7 trade, and many investment funds have become more cost-effective over the years as well. One of these products is the exchange-traded fund or the ETF. What are ETFs? Well, ETFs are securities made up of a basket of stocks or bonds and which trade over an exchange like an indi-vidual stock. Because of their diversity and cost-effectiveness, they have be-come increasingly popular with inves-tors. In fact, ETFs now hold roughly $2 trillion in assets, and some 5.7 million households hold ETFs as part of their investment portfolio. That being said, unfortunately, due to a longstanding technicality in secu-rities law, there is a dearth of research on ETFs’ availability to investors, de-priving them of valuable information they need to make their informed deci-sions. The SEC, in the past, has pro-vided safe harbors under securities law for brokers that provide research re-ports for listed stocks or corporate debt. Despite this and despite broad public support, the SEC has not provided a similar safe harbor for ETF research reports. Because of this, brokers are hesitant to publish reports out of fear for legal action either from the SEC or another private party. So we have this today, the Fair Ac-cess to Investment Research Act, which would correct this anomaly by providing a safe harbor for ETFs simi-lar to the ones that currently exist for equities or corporate debt. This is a simple, yet much-needed, piece of legis-lation to help investors, particularly your mom-and-pop type investors, to understand more about the products that they are putting their hard-earned money into. Again, I thank Mr. H
ILLnot only for his work on this legislation but, truly, for all the expertise and advice that he has brought to the committee this ses-sion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. C
AR-
NEY), the primary Democratic sponsor of this bill. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) for yield-ing me this time. I would also like to thank all those who have worked hard to improve this bill. I would like to recognize and thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for intro-ducing this legislation. I appreciate his continued willingness to work with me on this important issue and to fine- tune this bill to address concerns that we have heard, particularly from Mem-bers on this side of the aisle. The FAIR Act has a very simple pur-pose, to provide investors better access to research on exchange-traded funds and other similar products. ETFs are one of the fastest-growing investment vehicles in the market. Net assets in ETFs have grown from $102 billion in 2002 to $1.8 trillion in 2014. The number of ETFs on the market has increased 23 percent over the same period of time, but compared to other asset classes, there is limited research about them available. As interest in ETFs con-tinues to grow, we need to make sure that investors have access to reliable information on these funds and on their underlying investments. The SEC has been looking at expand-ing a safe harbor for ETF research for over 15 years, and every time this issue has come up before the SEC, it has re-ceived favorable feedback. In fact, dur-ing the Subcommittee on Capital Mar-kets and Government Sponsored Enter-prises hearing, there was unanimous agreement among the witnesses—which is not easy to come by in our sub-committee—that the SEC should pro-mulgate a rule providing a safe harbor for ETF research. Since this legislation was originally introduced, a lot has gone into improv-ing it. We have worked very closely with Ranking Member W
ATERS , the SEC, and FINRA to ensure this legisla-tion does what it is intended to do. We have taken their suggestions to im-prove numerous provisions of the bill, and I want to thank Mr. H
ILLagain for his flexibility in doing that. This new version reflects a year of collaboration among Democrats, Re-publicans, and the regulators. The fin-ished product is a clarified, more effec-tive version of the original bill. I am proud to say I believe that we have ar-rived at an agreement that works for everyone. Again, I would like to thank Mr. H
ILL for his leadership on this issue. I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for his leadership of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises. I appreciate greatly the kind comments, sponsor-ship, and good work of my friend, the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. C
AR-
NEY). Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5019, the FAIR Act, Fair Access to Investment Research Act. This bill is similar to a bill that I introduced with Mr. C
ARNEY that passed the House as a part of H.R. 1675 and passed our committee by a strong bipartisan vote. b1515 As my friend from Delaware said, we have worked diligently to improve this legislation and we have worked care-fully with our colleagues in the minor-ity to make sure that this bill fully represents the bipartisan consensus on the intent of the FAIR Act. This bill is very simple: it allows broker-dealers involved in a distribu-tion to issue research reports on the rapidly growing medium of the ex-change-traded funds, or the ETF, mar-ket. Since I started my most recent in-vestment firm in the late 1990s, I have personally seen the ETF market grow from about 100 funds and $100 billion in assets to over 1,400 funds and nearly $2 trillion in assets. And some reports predict an additional $1 trillion might shift into ETFs should the Department of Labor’s recent fiduciary rule actu-ally go into effect. Further, today’s ETFs frequently are more complicated and require more analysis on the part of investors. Yet despite their rapid appreciation and growth in popularity and increasing importance to retail investors, most broker-dealers do not publish research on ETFs due to anomalies in the secu-rities laws and regulations that Mr. GARRETT so ably discussed. Throughout this process, there has been essentially universal support for increasing investor knowledge and ac-cess to information on ETFs—that a safe harbor in this regard simply makes good sense. As Mr. C
ARNEY said, this issue is not unfamiliar to the Commission, as it has been raised both to the SEC and by the SEC several times over the past 17 years, most recently in 2004. As a part of its Securities Offering Reform proposal, the Commission re-quested comment on whether ‘‘reliance on proposed rule 139 should be per-mitted if the issuer is an open-end management investment company or other investment company.’’ The com-ments were universally supported, but the rule was never adopted. Given the importance of ETFs to to-day’s market, steps to facilitate re-search and allow investors access to this useful information is long overdue. The FAIR Act directs the SEC to pro-vide a safe harbor for research reports that cover ETFs so that these reports are not considered ‘‘offers’’ under sec-tion 5 of the Securities Act of 1933. This mirrors other research safe har-bors implemented by the SEC for other categories. The bill also helps the SEC organize, in my view, its ‘‘50 front burners’’ and holds it accountable to follow Con-gress’ direction by requiring the Com-mission to finalize rules within 180 days or an interim safe harbor will take effect until the rule is proposed and finalized. With close to 6 million U.S. households holding ETFs, inves-tors need access to this research to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.010 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1952 April 26, 2016 
better informed and make better long- term investment decisions. Again, I would like to thank the chairman, Mr. C
ARNEY ; Mrs. M ALONEY , the ranking member; and all of the staff on both the majority and minor-ity side for working to develop this commonsense proposal to provide more information to American investors. I encourage all of my colleagues to sup-port this commonsense bill. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, having no further speakers at this time and appreciating the fact that this prioritizes the 50 front burners at the SEC, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5019. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FLOOD INSURANCE MARKET PARITY AND MODERNIZATION ACT Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2901) to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2901 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE. 
(a) M ANDATORY PURCHASE REQUIREMENT .— (1) A
MOUNT AND TERM OF COVERAGE .—Section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) is amended by striking ‘‘Sec. 102. (a)’’ and all that follows through the end of subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘S
EC. 102. (a) A MOUNT AND TERM OF COV-
ERAGE .—After the expiration of sixty days fol-lowing the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal officer or agency shall approve any fi-nancial assistance for acquisition or construc-tion purposes for use in any area that has been identified by the Administrator as an area hav-ing special flood hazards and in which the sale of flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the building or mobile home and any per-sonal property to which such financial assist-ance relates is covered by flood insurance: Pro-vided, That the amount of flood insurance (1) in the case of Federal flood insurance, is at least equal to the development or project cost of the building, mobile home, or personal property (less estimated land cost), the outstanding principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less; or (2) in the case of private flood insurance, is at least equal to the develop-ment or project cost of the building, mobile home, or personal property (less estimated land cost), the outstanding principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of Federal flood in-surance coverage made available with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less: Provided further, That if the financial as-sistance provided is in the form of a loan or an insurance or guaranty of a loan, the amount of flood insurance required need not exceed the outstanding principal balance of the loan and need not be required beyond the term of the loan. The requirement of maintaining flood in-surance shall apply during the life of the prop-erty, regardless of transfer of ownership of such property.’’. (2) REQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS .— Subsection (b) of section 102 of the Flood Dis-aster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)) is amended— (A) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through the end of paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS.— ‘‘(1) R
EGULATED LENDING INSTITUTIONS .—Each Federal entity for lending regulation (after con-sultation and coordination with the Financial Institutions Examination Council established under the Federal Financial Institutions Exam-ination Council Act of 1974) shall by regulation direct regulated lending institutions not to make, increase, extend, or renew any loan se-cured by improved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Administrator as an area hav-ing special flood hazards and in which flood in-surance has been made available under the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the building or mobile home and any personal prop-erty securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance: Provided, That the amount of flood insurance (A) in the case of Federal flood insurance, is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance cov-erage made available with respect to the par-ticular type of property, whichever is less; or (B) in the case of private flood insurance, is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL AGENCY LENDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal agency lender may not make, increase, extend, or renew any loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the building or mobile home and any personal property securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in accord-ance with paragraph (1). Each Federal agency lender may issue any regulations necessary to carry out this paragraph. Such regulations shall be consistent with and substantially identical to the regulations issued under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT TO ACCEPT FLOOD INSUR -
ANCE.—Each Federal agency lender shall accept flood insurance as satisfaction of the flood in-surance coverage requirement under subpara-graph (A) if the flood insurance coverage meets the requirements for coverage under that sub-paragraph. ‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT -SPONSORED ENTERPRISES  
FOR HOUSING .—The Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mort-gage Corporation shall implement procedures reasonably designed to ensure that, for any loan that is— ‘‘(A) secured by improved real estate or a mo-bile home located in an area that has been iden-tified, at the time of the origination of the loan or at any time during the term of the loan, by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance is available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, and ‘‘(B) purchased or guaranteed by such entity, the building or mobile home and any personal property securing the loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in the amount provided in paragraph (1). The Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation shall accept flood insurance as satisfaction of the flood in-surance coverage requirement under paragraph (1) if the flood insurance coverage provided meets the requirements for coverage under that paragraph and any requirements established by the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Corporation, respec-tively, relating to the financial strength of pri-vate insurance companies from which the Fed-eral National Mortgage Association or the Fed-eral Home Loan Mortgage Corporation will ac-cept private flood insurance, provided that such requirements shall not affect or conflict with any State law, regulation, or procedure con-cerning the regulation of the business of insur-ance. ‘‘(4) APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) E
XISTING COVERAGE .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), paragraph (1) shall apply on the date of enactment of the Riegle Commu-nity Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994. ‘‘(B) N
EW COVERAGE .—Paragraphs (2) and (3) shall apply only with respect to any loan made, increased, extended, or renewed after the expi-ration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Riegle Community De-velopment and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994. Paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any loan made, increased, extended, or renewed by any lender supervised by the Farm Credit Administration only after the expiration of the period under this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED EFFECT OF REGULATIONS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the regulations to carry out para-graph (1), as in effect immediately before the date of enactment of the Riegle Community De-velopment and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994, shall continue to apply until the regula-tions issued to carry out paragraph (1) as amended by section 522(a) of such Act take ef-fect. ‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as oth-erwise specified, any reference to flood insur-ance in this section shall be considered to in-clude Federal flood insurance and private flood insurance. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to supersede or limit the authority of a Federal entity for lending regulation, the Fed-eral Housing Finance Agency, a Federal agency lender, the Federal National Mortgage Associa-tion, or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Cor-poration to establish requirements relating to the financial strength of private insurance com-panies from which the entity or agency will ac-cept private flood insurance, provided that such requirements shall not affect or conflict with any State law, regulation, or procedure con-cerning the regulation of the business of insur-ance.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) F
LOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘flood in-surance’ means— ‘‘(i) Federal flood insurance; and ‘‘(ii) private flood insurance. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL FLOOD INSURANCE .—the term ‘Federal flood insurance’ means an insurance policy made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.011 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1953 April 26, 2016 
‘‘(C) P RIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘private flood insurance’ means an insurance policy that— ‘‘(i) is issued by an insurance company that is— ‘‘(I) licensed, admitted, or otherwise approved to engage in the business of insurance in the State in which the insured building is located, by the insurance regulator of that State; or ‘‘(II) eligible as a nonadmitted insurer to pro-vide insurance in the home State of the insured, in accordance with sections 521 through 527 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8201 through 8206); ‘‘(ii) is issued by an insurance company that is not otherwise disapproved as a surplus lines insurer by the insurance regulator of the State in which the property to be insured is located; and ‘‘(iii) provides flood insurance coverage that complies with the laws and regulations of that State. ‘‘(D) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Co-lumbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Vir-gin Islands, and American Samoa.’’. (b) E
FFECT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE  C
OVERAGE ON CONTINUOUS COVERAGE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 1308 of the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) E
FFECT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE  C
OVERAGE ON CONTINUOUS COVERAGE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—For purposes of applying any statu-tory, regulatory, or administrative continuous coverage requirement, including under section 1307(g)(1), the Administrator shall consider any period during which a property was continu-ously covered by private flood insurance (as de-fined in section 102(b)(7) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)(7))) to be a period of continuous coverage.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Providing American homeowners and businessowners more affordable con-sumer options in the flood insurance marketplace has been one of my top priorities since I was elected to Con-gress to represent central Florida and the Tampa Bay region in our Nation’s Capital. Private competition in this market will lead to greater innovation and more affordable and comprehensive policies for consumers. We have seen numerous floods dev-astating communities across the coun-try in recent years, most recently in Houston, and last August in my very own congressional district. Every State and every congressional district is at risk for flooding. With hurricane sea-son just a few weeks away from begin-ning, it is time for Congress to take ac-tion to benefit and better protect con-sumers. Unfortunately, regulatory barriers and the bias of regulators favoring Na-tional Flood Insurance Program poli-cies have prevented the development of a private flood insurance marketplace. This was not the intention of the Biggert-Waters Act. Rather, it was an unintended consequence. With that in mind, I worked with my colleague from across the aisle, Rep-resentative PATRICK MURPHY , to intro-duce H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. This bipartisan legislation will remove the unnecessary regulatory barriers and require Federal agencies to accept private flood insurance that complies with the laws and regulations of the State of an insured property. Under current law, consumers are limited to the coverage options pro-vided by the NFIP. For example, an NFIP policy only covers up to $250,000 of damages related to a residential home. In addition, an NFIP policy does not cover a homeowner’s living ex-penses, such as temporary housing, if they are displaced as a result of a flood. In the case of a business, an NFIP policy does not provide coverage for the financial losses suffered by businesses as a result of a flood. While the NFIP is limited in what their policies can cover, the private sector is not. The private sector will provide more incentives for property owners to invest in mitigation and re-siliency. Ultimately, this increased emphasis on mitigation will benefit homeowners and taxpayers alike. Stud-ies have shown that, for every $1 of in-vestment in mitigation, communities see a savings of up to $4 in government- funded disaster relief. I want to take a moment and thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and my sub-committee chair, B
LAINE LUETKE -
MEYER , for their support of this legisla-tion and their leadership on this impor-tant issue. I also want to thank the ranking member, M
AXINE WATERS , for working with my staff and me through this entire process. This legislation is supported by a number of stakeholders, from the Real-tors, the National Association of Insur-ance Commissioners, to a broad coali-tion of taxpayer advocates, environ-mental groups, housing organizations, and mitigation advocates. On March 2, 2016, the legislation passed out of the House Financial Serv-ices Committee by a vote of 53–0. With such strong bipartisan support, I am encouraged Congress is taking such an important step on behalf of consumers not only in Florida, but across the country. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in passing this commonsense, bipartisan legislation that will encourage the expansion of a well-regulated, more affordable private flood insurance option for homeowners. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, H.R. 2901, and I want to congratu-late Mr. ROSSand Mr. M URPHY for com-ing up with a piece of bipartisan legis-lation. I want to be clear that the issues sur-rounding flood insurance are difficult and complicated, and there are dif-ferences of opinion as to how much of a role private insurance can play. This bill threads that needle. This bill says we all agree that there is more role for private insurance and we should remove any barriers that might be there so that people can be better served and have better competi-tion. I think this bill does a pretty good job doing that. I don’t think private insurance is ever going to—I am not sure that is possible, but it is a different debate— take the place of national flood insur-ance. And we are working on that. Mr. R
OSShas been a great leader on that, as has Mr. M
URPHY . I want to thank them and congratulate them, and I look forward to working with them fur-ther to do more as we move forward. This particular bill is one good step in the right direction, and I want to congratulate the two authors and thank them for their leadership. I look forward to supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. Since its inception back in 1968, the National Flood Insurance Program was never intended to cover policies that the private sector was able and willing to underwrite. In fact, one stated goal for the program was ‘‘the Federal Gov-ernment would create an opportunity for private industry to obtain . . . ex-perience in operating a flood insurance program . . . and that sometime in the future, the program could become an all-private program.’’ Nearly 50 years have passed and, to no one’s surprise, private sector flood insurance risk modeling and analytics have dramatically improved. While this House may not be ready to take up complete privatization, it is time to provide a role for the private market to underwrite primary flood in-surance policies. Passage of this bipar-tisan bill means more consumer choice, more market competition, and more product information. Consumers, for the first time, will be able to shop for a flood policy that fits their particular needs. This bill also has the added benefit of decreasing the aggregate flood insur-ance exposure to the Federal Govern-ment and decreasing the potential for a future taxpayer-backed bailout, which is very, very important. So I commend both gentlemen for their work on this important issue, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.006 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1954 April 26, 2016 
I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ), my good friend. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yield-ing time to me. You might wonder: Why is someone from New Mexico even speaking about flood insurance problems? We get about 9 inches of rain a year in my district. Also, it is the high desert. They call it that because we begin at around 3,500 feet of elevation and work up from there. The way the National Flood Insur-ance Program has worked out in the past is that people are required, be-cause they happen to be in a flood plain—and we are not dealing with whether or not they should be in a flood plain; we are dealing with the fact that they get no competitive bids—to only get the one government- size bid. And that is never very func-tional. So the most egregious circumstance that exists is one that one of my con-stituents mentioned. He said: I live at the top of a 7,000-foot mountain. The water is down here at about 4,000 feet, 3,000 feet below me, and I have to buy flood insurance. Well, the fact that he has to buy flood insurance is egregious enough, but the fact that he has to live and pay premiums based on the actuary stand-ards that might exist in Florida is the egregious part. What it does is keeps houses from selling and people from being able to buy houses in New Mexico because they have been defined as being in a flood plain. b1530 If the market were out there, there would be companies that say: Wait. That guy is never going to flood. I can charge him a minute amount and still make money on his policy. Yet, nothing like that exists. So we find ourselves paying to the same standards as the people in Florida pay when we get 9 inches of rain a year. So I really appreciate the gentle-man’s attempt to bring some competi-tion into the workplace. I appreciate Mr. C
APUANO ’s support of the bill, Mr. M
URPHY ’s underlying co-sponsorship. I am here to support heartily H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Par-ity and Modernization Act. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, you learn something new every day. I am one of those people. I never expected a guy from New Mexico to be speaking on the flood insurance bill. I thank Mr. P
EARCE for educating me even further. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Massachu-setts (Mr. C
APUANO ) for his efforts and leadership in this regard. Look, this isn’t the be-all-to-end-all, but it is the best first step that we can have as a Congress to make sure that we give our consumers affordable op-tions in flood insurance. As we address the reauthorization of the Biggert-Waters Act next year, this will provide a bridge for bringing the private sector back into the market to show that they are willing to assume some of this risk to the benefit of the consumers. There are quite a few groups out there that support this particular leg-islation. To name a few, that includes the Reinsurance Association of Amer-ica, National Multifamily Housing Council, National Apartment Associa-tion, National Taxpayers Union, Amer-ican Insurance Association, National Association of Realtors, Mortgage Bankers Association, and R Street. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join us and overwhelmingly pass this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HILL). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2901, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE ACT OF 2016 Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 223) to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 223 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE. 
Section 118(c)(7) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)(7)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) F
OCUS AREAS .—In carrying out the Ini-tiative, the Administrator shall prioritize pro-grams and projects, to be carried out in coordi-nation with non-Federal partners, that address the priority areas described in the Initiative Ac-tion Plan, including— ‘‘(i) the remediation of toxic substances and areas of concern; ‘‘(ii) the prevention and control of invasive species and the impacts of invasive species; ‘‘(iii) the protection and restoration of near-shore health and the prevention and mitigation of nonpoint source pollution; ‘‘(iv) habitat and wildlife protection and res-toration, including wetlands restoration and preservation; and ‘‘(v) accountability, monitoring, evaluation, communication, and partnership activities. ‘‘(C) PROJECTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Initia-tive, the Administrator shall collaborate with other Federal partners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force established by Executive Order 13340 (69 Fed. Reg. 29043), to se-lect the best combination of programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and restora-tion using appropriate principles and criteria, including whether a program or project pro-vides— ‘‘(I) the ability to achieve strategic and meas-urable environmental outcomes that implement the Initiative Action Plan and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; ‘‘(II) the feasibility of— ‘‘(aa) prompt implementation; ‘‘(bb) timely achievement of results; and ‘‘(cc) resource leveraging; and ‘‘(III) the opportunity to improve interagency, intergovernmental, and inter-organizational co-ordination and collaboration to reduce duplica-tion and streamline efforts. ‘‘(ii) O
UTREACH .—In selecting the best com-bination of programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and restoration under clause (i), the Administrator shall consult with the Great Lakes States and Indian tribes and solicit input from other non-Federal stakeholders. ‘‘(iii) H
ARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM COORDINATOR .— The Administrator shall designate a point per-son from an appropriate Federal partner to co-ordinate, with Federal partners and Great Lakes States, Indian tribes, and other non-Fed-eral stakeholders, projects and activities under the Initiative involving harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes.’’; (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking clause (i) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (J)(ii), funds made available to carry out the Initiative shall be used to strategically imple-ment— ‘‘(I) Federal projects; ‘‘(II) projects carried out in coordination with States, Indian tribes, municipalities, institutions of higher education, and other organizations; and ‘‘(III) operations and activities of the Program Office, including remediation of sediment con-tamination in areas of concern.’’; (B) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘(G)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘(J)(i)’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, or the head of any other Federal department or agency receiving funds under clause (ii)(I), may make a grant to, or otherwise enter into an agreement with, a qualified non-Federal entity, as deter-mined by the Administrator or the applicable head of the other Federal department or agency receiving funds, for planning, research, moni-toring, outreach, or implementation of a project selected under subparagraph (C), to support the Initiative Action Plan or the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. ‘‘(II) Q
UALIFIED NON -FEDERAL ENTITY .—For purposes of this clause, a qualified non-Federal entity may include a governmental entity, non-profit organization, institution, or individual.’’; and (3) by striking subparagraphs (E) through (G) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) S
COPE.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Projects may be carried out under the Initiative on multiple levels, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) locally; ‘‘(II) Great Lakes-wide; or ‘‘(III) Great Lakes basin-wide. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—No funds made available to carry out the Initiative may be used for any water infrastructure activity (other than a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.014 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1955 April 26, 2016 
green infrastructure project that improves habi-tat and other ecosystem functions in the Great Lakes) for which financial assistance is re-ceived— ‘‘(I) from a State water pollution control re-volving fund established under title VI; ‘‘(II) from a State drinking water revolving loan fund established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12); or ‘‘(III) pursuant to the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.). ‘‘(F) A
CTIVITIES BY OTHER FEDERAL AGEN -
CIES.—Each relevant Federal department or agency shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(i) maintain the base level of funding for the Great Lakes activities of that department or agency without regard to funding under the Ini-tiative; and ‘‘(ii) identify new activities and projects to support the environmental goals of the Initia-tive. ‘‘(G) R
EVISION OF INITIATIVE ACTION PLAN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not less often than once every 5 years, the Administrator, in conjunction with the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, shall review, and revise as appropriate, the Ini-tiative Action Plan to guide the activities of the Initiative in addressing the restoration and pro-tection of the Great Lakes system. ‘‘(ii) O
UTREACH .—In reviewing and revising the Initiative Action Plan under clause (i), the Administrator shall consult with the Great Lakes States and Indian tribes and solicit input from other non-Federal stakeholders. ‘‘(H) M
ONITORING AND REPORTING .—The Ad- ministrator shall— ‘‘(i) establish and maintain a process for mon-itoring and periodically reporting to the public on the progress made in implementing the Ini-tiative Action Plan; ‘‘(ii) make information about each project car-ried out under the Initiative Action Plan avail-able on a public website; and ‘‘(iii) provide to the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works a yearly detailed description of the progress of the Initiative and amounts trans-ferred to participating Federal departments and agencies under subparagraph (D)(ii). ‘‘(I) I
NITIATIVE ACTION PLAN DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Initiative Action Plan’ means the comprehensive, multi-year action plan for the restoration of the Great Lakes, first developed pursuant to the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Conference Report accom-panying the Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–88). ‘‘(J) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this paragraph $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this paragraph creates, expands, or amends the authority of the Administrator to implement programs or projects under— ‘‘(I) this section; ‘‘(II) the Initiative Action Plan; or ‘‘(III) the Great Lakes Water Quality Agree-ment.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 223, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-tunity to bring up H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016, introduced by my Ohio colleague, Congressman DAVEJOYCE , on the floor today. The Great Lakes are an important resource for the United States. More than 30 million people live in the Great Lakes region, and the lakes help sup-port over $200 billion a year in eco-nomic activity. The Great Lakes Interagency Task Force of Federal agencies was created in 2004 by executive order to help en-sure coordination between the Federal, State, and private parties protecting and restoring the Great Lakes. In 2010, the task force released an ac-tion plan as part of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative to accelerate ef-forts to protect and restore the Great Lakes. Under the Initiative, the Environ-mental Protection Agency collaborates with other Federal partners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, to select the best combination of projects and activities for Great Lakes protection and restoration. In September of 2014, the Federal agencies released an updated Action Plan II, which summarizes the actions that the Federal agencies plan to im-plement during fiscal years 2015 through 2019. The Action Plan aims to strategi-cally target the biggest threats to the Great Lakes ecosystem and to accel-erate progress toward long-term goals. H.R. 223 will formally authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative for 5 years and modifies the program based on recommendations that the Com-mittee received from stakeholders, hearings, and the GAO reports on EPA’s activities during multiple years of oversight. The bill is a positive step forward for the Great Lakes region and the United States as a whole as we continue to prioritize protection and restoration of one of our Nation’s most valuable re-sources. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Ini-tiative Act of 2016. This bill extends the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, a program which has had bipartisan support among the Great Lakes delega-tion for 5 years. I want to thank my colleagues, Rep-resentatives D
AVID JOYCE , DANLIPIN-
SKI, and R ICKNOLAN , for their hard work and effort to extend the author-ization of appropriations for this pro-gram through fiscal year 2021. These and other members of the Mid-west delegation worked diligently to get this legislation to the floor for con-sideration. I want to thank them all for a job well done. It accelerates efforts to protect and restore the Great Lakes, the largest system of surface freshwater in the world. Through unprecedented Federal agency coordination and the develop-ment of partnerships with the Great Lakes States and local communities, the initiative has already funded more than 2,000 projects to improve water quality, protect and restore native habitats, and prevent and control invasive species in the Great Lakes. Mr. Speaker, legislation similar to this bill was included in the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act of 2016. How-ever, that authorization was only for 1 fiscal year. This legislation provides for a full 5-year reauthorization. That timeline is necessary to allow many longer term projects to be planned, capitalized, and completed. Further, this bill will allow States and local communities to coordinate their efforts to combat harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes for the first time. The harmful algal blooms that shut down the drinking water system in To-ledo, Ohio, for 3 days in 2014 and that re-emerged in 2015 are still fresh in our memories. For this reason, I am pleased that this legislation includes the text of H.R. 1923, sponsored by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), to require EPA to appoint a Federal coordinator to work with the Federal agencies, the States, the tribes, and other stake-holders to address the recurring chal-lenges of algal blooms in the Great Lakes. This coordinator will ensure that GLRI funds are utilized in the most ef-ficient and effective way to reduce nu-trients finding their way into the lakes. Lastly, this bill includes a savings clause to clarify that the GLRI author-ization does not expand the regulatory authority of EPA related to restora-tion of the Great Lakes. I did not advocate for this provision. However, let’s make it clear here today on the floor that this language should not be interpreted as preventing EPA or other Federal agencies from con-tinuing to utilize their existing au-thorities to address ongoing water quality challenges facing the lakes. Accordingly, this bill should help en-sure that the Federal departments are able to fund work using all the existing tools in the toolbox that cause harmful algal blooms and other pollution and prevent Asian carp from invading the lakes, which would be a disaster, and clean up areas of concern and other high-priority threats. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 223. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to my colleague from Ohio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.007 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1956 April 26, 2016 
(Mr. J OYCE ), who has been a strong ad-vocate for the protection of the Great Lakes and a sponsor of the bill. Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016. First, I want to thank my good friend, B
OBGIBBS of Ohio, for helping me to shepherd this legislation through the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. I also want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER for lending a hand and providing guidance on this. Now, I know I may sound like a bro-ken record, but one of the greatest nat-ural resources and economic powerhouses we have in the United States and the world, for that matter, is the Great Lakes. I think the resource is incredibly im-portant because, in the future, fresh-water is going to be the new gold. And, if you believe that like I do, you under-stand why the Great Lakes are so im-portant. Let me give you a few quick facts about this treasure. The Great Lakes contains one-fifth of the world’s fresh surface water. The Great Lakes contain about 85 percent of the fresh surface water in North America. In the U.S., the Great Lakes account for 95 percent of the fresh surface water. That is a lot of fresh water. If you took the water and spread it evenly across the Continental United States, the Great Lakes would sub-merge our country under 9
1⁄2feet of water. These lakes provide more than 35 million people with their drinking water. These Great Lakes support more than 3,500 species of plants and ani-mals. Studies have shown that more than 1
1⁄2million jobs are connected to the five lakes, and they generate $62 billion in wages. Now, I know I have uttered those facts around the Capitol like a broken record since I got here, as have others, but these are powerful in telling our story. An investment in protecting this na-tional treasure is a small down pay-ment in protecting the drinking water for millions of people. This legislation will continue to make sure that we look at these Great Lakes as a national treasure and co-ordinate our investment in protecting them. Please stand with me today in sending a message to protect and pre-serve our Great Lakes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN). Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I also thank my colleagues from Ohio. This has been one of the true bipartisan issues that we have dealt with. So I would like to thank Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. J
OYCE , Ms. K APTUR , MARCIA FUDGE , J
IMRENACCI , also, P ETEVISCLOSKY , and C
HRIS COLLINS . As you just heard from Mr. JOYCE , the Great Lakes are a huge issue. But, also, for us, Lake Erie is a huge issue. My legislation was put into this bill to require the EPA to appoint a coordi-nator to address the issue of harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes. We have so many groups that are in-terested, but we need the EPA to help coordinate. Our friends helped get this language into this bill, and I am deeply grateful for that. These harmful algal blooms affect over half a million Ohioans. It did in 2014. Lake Erie provides clean drinking water for approximately 3 million Ohioans, many of them up and around the Cleveland and Toledo areas. In August 2014, we had an environ-mental disaster caused by a harmful algal bloom that left nearly 500,000 residents of Toledo and the western basin without safe drinking water for 3 days. Lake Erie’s tourist industry gen-erates $12.9 billion in visitor spending, including 119,000 jobs, and contributes $1.7 billion in Federal, State, and local taxes. This crisis just continues to build, and it is critical that we start working together to come up with a plan to stem the growing tide. The Great Lakes’ abundance of fresh water is a vital resource and a stra-tegic advantage, and it is critical that we do everything in our power to com-bat the threats to the Great Lakes that threaten the health and well-being of Ohio and other States surrounding the Great Lakes. So we must do everything we can. This language helps to make that hap-pen. This language will ensure that there is a coordinator at the EPA to work with the appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, and foreign govern-ments to address this critical issue af-fecting the State of Ohio. As we see the changes in our econ-omy and as we see what is happening out west, we are reminded every single day how critical and how lucky we are, those of us who live in the Great Lakes region, to be able to access this fresh water. So, again, I thank my friends from Ohio. I thank Mr. S
HUSTER from this committee, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and others who helped make this happen and for including this language in the bill. 
Hon. T IMRYAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN RYAN: We write in sup-port of H.R. 1923, your bill requiring the ad-ministrator of the U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency to appoint a Great Lakes Harmful Algal Bloom Coordinator, which is now part of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Res-toration Initiative Act of 2015. Thank you for your leadership and for being a champion for our Great Lakes, particularly Lake Erie. Currently there are many efforts underway to reduce the number of harmful algal blooms throughout the Great Lakes, such as in Lake Erie, Saginaw and Green Bays, and Fox River. These efforts, however, are not al-ways coordinated to leverage resources and share vital information. Appointing a coordi-nator ensures resources are used effectively and efficiently and that federal, state, and local agencies, tribal governments, univer-sities and non-governmental organizations are working collaboratively to reduce phos-phorus flowing into the Great Lakes. The first step is a coordinator to ensure everyone is working together to address these complex issues. A coordinator could not come quickly enough. Lake Erie is the canary in the coal mine of what is to come for freshwater bod-ies if the nation does not solve this problem. In 2015, Lake Erie experienced a HAB that stretched from Michigan to well past Cleve-land and was the biggest bloom on record. In 2014 and 2013, residents in the Toledo area and Carroll Township, respectively, went without tap water because of the toxins pro-duced by these blooms. As you know, over 30 million people rely on the Great Lakes for their drinking water. We must take action now because the longer we wait, the more serious and expensive this problem becomes. Please let Kristy Meyer with the Ohio En-vironmental Council know how we can be helpful in seeing this vital piece of legisla-tion become law. Sincerely, Heather Taylor-Miesle, Executive Direc-tor, Ohio Environmental Council; Jill Ryan, Executive Director, Freshwater Future; Molly Flanagan, Vice President, Policy, Alli-ance for the Great Lakes; Cheryl Nenn, Riverkeeper, Milwaukee Riverkeeper; Carol A. Stepien, Professor of Ecology, Director, Lake Erie Science Center, University of To-ledo; Howard A. Lerner, Executive Director, Environmental Law & Policy Center; Deanna White, State Director, Clean Water Action Minnesota; Jennifer McKay, Policy Spe-cialist, Tipp of the Mitt Watershed; Melinda Hughes, President, Nature Abounds; Michael Griffin, Executive Director, County Execu-tives of America; George Meyer, Executive Director, Wisconsin Wildlife Federation. Sandy Bihn, Executive Director, Lake Erie Waterkeeper, Inc; Jim Stouffer, President, Lake Erie Improvement Association; Lynn McClure, Midwest Regional Director, Na-tional Parks Conservation Association; Mike Shriberg, Regional Executive Director, Great Lakes, National Wildlife Federation; Matt Misicka, President, Ohio Conservation Federation; Paul Pacholski, President, Lake Erie Charter Boat Association; Ray Stewart, President, Ohio Wetland Association; Nicole Barker, Executive Director, Save the Dunes; Joy Mulinex, Director of Government Rela-tions, Western Reserve Land Conservancy; Indra Frank, MD, MPH, Environmental Health & Water Policy Director, Hoosier En-vironmental Council; Brian Smith, Associate Executive Director, Citizens Campaign for the Environment. Rick Novickis, MPH, RS, Director of Envi-ronmental Public Health Services, Cuyahoga County Board of Health; J. Meiring Borcherds, Watershed Coordinator, Mill Creek Watershed Partnership; Ivan J. Hack, Jr., President, Headwaters Chapter, Izaak Walton League of America; Sr. Rose Therese Nolta, SSpS, Justice and Peace Coordinator, Holy Spirit Missionary Sisters; Irene Senn, Coordinator, Religious Coalition for the Great Lakes; Robert Stegmier, National Di-rector, Izaak Walton League of America; Josh Knights, Executive Director, The Na-ture Conservancy, Ohio Chapter; Christi Carlson, President, Friends of Euclid Creek; Charlotte Jameson, Government Affairs Di-rector, Michigan League of Conservation Voters; Katie Rousseau, Director, Clean Water Supply, Great Lakes, American Riv-ers; Denny Caneff, Executive Director, River Alliance of Wisconsin; Todd Ambs, Campaign Director, Healing Our Waters—Great Lakes Coalition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.019 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1957 April 26, 2016 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ), who has fought for years to protect the Great Lakes. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. I thank the chairman for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my very, very, strong support for H.R. 223, which is the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative Act of 2016. b1545 Actually, as the chairman has said, protecting and preserving the Great Lakes has always been a principal ad-vocacy for myself in all the years that I have been in public service, way be-fore I came to the Congress. I actually grew up on the Great Lakes. I still live on the Great Lakes. My family was in the marina business, so for us, the lakes were more than just a source of recreation, they put food on the table for my family. Like so many from the region, the Great Lakes are such a very proud, proud part of our heritage and of our identity. Our Great Lakes, as has been said, generate billions of dollars each and every year through the fishing and shipping industries and recreational activities. They account for 85 to 90 percent of this country’s freshwater drinking supply and over 20 percent worldwide. There is actually more freshwater under the polar icecaps, but you cannot get at it. You can’t get at it to drink it. You can get at the Great Lakes. That is why we are always wanting to protect the Great Lakes. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, we have not been the best stewards of these magnificent lakes, and we owe it, I think, to future generations to help as-sure that they are protected and that they are preserved as well. One of the ways to do that, I believe, is through continued funding and support of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. For years, the administration has proposed budgets that include cuts of millions of dollars to the GLRI, but it is Congress—this Congress—that has always stepped in to recover this fund-ing. That is just one of the reasons that I support this bill, because it does au-thorize funding at the essential levels— $300 million—for the next 5 years. Mr. Speaker, I will also join my col-leagues in pointing out that this is truly a bipartisan effort, as you can tell from the people that are on the floor this morning talking about this. Most of us are from the Great Lakes, whether it is Ohio, Michigan, or some of the other Great Lakes States. But it is not just a regional jewel, just a re-gional treasure, the Great Lakes are a national treasure and deserve to be protected in that way. Mr. Speaker, over the years I have seen firsthand the impact that GLRI is having on our lakes, whether that is dredging, or beach and shoreline res-toration, fighting invasive species, all of these projects are so critical. Just last fall I was delighted to be part of the unveiling of $20 million of GLRI grants for the Clinton River Res-toration. The Clinton River, which flows through a major metropolitan area in southeast Michigan, is in des-perate need of restoration. So this funding will go a long way in ensuring that the Clinton River is no longer an area of concern and has a thriving eco-system and a watershed. Mr. Speaker, God gave us these mag-nificent, magnificent Great Lakes that have provided us with so much, but we need to be better stewards of them. Quite frankly, we have a lot of making up to do to Mother Nature—a lot of making up. I believe this bill goes a long way in bringing the necessary at-tention and the resources to a problem that we have long ago identified and need to address. Mr. Speaker, again, I strongly sup-port H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative Act, and I urge all my colleagues to support it as well. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the ranking member, for yielding. I also want to thank the folks on both sides of the aisle for their great work on this Great Lakes Res-toration Initiative, particularly my colleague from Michigan, Congress-woman M
ILLER , who just spoke and who will be leaving Congress at the end of this year. She has been a defender of the Great Lakes for her entire time here. I think it is a fitting part of her legacy that this legislation, hopefully today, will pass this House of Rep-resentatives. Mr. Speaker, being from Michigan and being a part of the Great Lakes, really growing up around the lakes and in the lakes gives us a lot of pride in my home State. It is the greatest freshwater source, surface freshwater source on the planet, and provides drinking water to over 30 million Americans. It is a great economic resource as well with great benefits to our entire Nation. It supports millions of jobs, and billions of income every year is de-rived from the dependence that we have on this great resource. It supports commerce, agriculture, transportation, and tourism. It is home to over 3,500 species of plants and animals. It is an incredible ecosystem. But we know that the threat to the lakes—the threats—multiple threats to the lakes—are real. From invasive spe-cies like Asian carp to toxic chemical contamination and to habitat loss, we have to do everything we can within our power to protect the Great Lakes and combat these really clear present threats. So I am really proud in a very bipar-tisan fashion to support full funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initia-tive to protect and restore that which we have lost in the largest system of fresh water in the world. In the short time that the GLRI has been in place, we have made progress— and we know that this is an effective program—addressing longstanding en-vironmental problems confronting the lakes. Over 2,500 individual projects have already been implemented to im-prove water quality, to clean up con-taminated shorelines, to protect and restore native habitats and species, and to control invasive species. Mr. Speaker, we are here because we know we have to do more. I join my colleagues in urging Congress to join us in supporting the economic and en-vironmental health of the Great Lakes and making this a permanent part of American law. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to make a couple of closing comments. We had some hearings in my sub-committee on this, and part of our oversight responsibility is to make sure that taxpayer dollars are being spent the way they should be. We re-quested a GAO—a government account-ability—report, and I am pleased to an-nounce that the report came back very favorable, that the monies to be in-vested to protect the Great Lakes is being spent the way it is intended to be. The only negative that was in the re-port—which is really minor—was the agencies, the EPA needed to do a bet-ter job working together and commu-nicating, and they already had started that when they got the report. So I want to assure our fiscal hawks out there that this money is being spent the way it is intended by Congress, and we got that as part of our oversight duty. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I urge our support of H.R. 223 and to continue to protect and enhance the Great Lakes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 223, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMENDING THE FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT TO REAUTHORIZE THE NATIONAL ESTUARY PROGRAM Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1523) to amend the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1523 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.021 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1958 April 26, 2016 
SECTION 1. COMPETITIVE AWARDS. 
Section 320(g) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330(g)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Using the amounts made available under subsection (i)(2)(B), the Administrator shall make competitive awards under this paragraph. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION FOR AWARDS .—The Ad- ministrator shall solicit applications for awards under this paragraph from State, interstate, and regional water pollution con-trol agencies and entities, State coastal zone management agencies, interstate agencies, other public or nonprofit private agencies, institutions, organizations, and individuals. ‘‘(C) S
ELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .—In select-ing award recipients under this paragraph, the Administrator shall select recipients that are best able to address urgent and challenging issues that threaten the ecologi-cal and economic well-being of coastal areas. Such issues shall include— ‘‘(i) extensive seagrass habitat losses re-sulting in significant impacts on fisheries and water quality; ‘‘(ii) recurring harmful algae blooms; ‘‘(iii) unusual marine mammal mortalities; ‘‘(iv) invasive exotic species that may threaten wastewater systems and cause other damage; ‘‘(v) jellyfish proliferation limiting com-munity access to water during peak tourism seasons; ‘‘(vi) flooding that may be related to sea level rise or wetland degradation or loss; and ‘‘(vii) low dissolved oxygen conditions in estuarine waters and related nutrient man-agement.’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 320 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330) is amended by striking subsection (i) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator $26,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 for— ‘‘(A) expenses relating to the administra-tion of grants or awards by the Adminis-trator under this section, including the award and oversight of grants and awards, except that such expenses may not exceed 5 percent of the amount appropriated under this subsection for a fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) making grants and awards under sub-section (g). ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATIONS .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .—Not less than 80 percent of the amount made available under this sub-section for a fiscal year shall be used by the Administrator to provide grant assistance for the development, implementation, and monitoring of each of the conservation and management plans eligible for grant assist-ance under subsection (g)(2). ‘‘(B) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS .—Not less than 15 percent of the amount made available under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be used by the Administrator for making competitive awards described in subsection (g)(4).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on S. 1523. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are here to re-authorize the National Estuary Pro-gram found in section 320 of the Clean Water Act. Last June, here in the House, we passed Mr. LOBIONDO ’s H.R. 944, and today we are passing S. 1523, which was introduced by Senator W
HITEHOUSE . Estuaries are unique and highly pro-ductive waters that are important to the ecological and economic bases of our Nation. Congress first authorized the National Estuary Program in the 1987 amendments to the Clean Water Act to promote the protection of na-tionally significant estuaries in the United States that are deemed to be threatened by pollution, development, or overuse. Unlike many of the programs under the Clean Water Act, the National Es-tuary Program is a nonregulatory pro-gram. Instead, it is designed to support the collaborative, voluntary efforts of Federal, State, and local stakeholders to restore degraded estuaries. Using consensus building and a col-laborative decisionmaking process in-stead of a top-down driven regulatory approach, the National Estuary Pro-gram has been effective at promoting locally based involvement. In addition, NEP leverages non-Federal money for restoration activities by providing funding for the program. In reauthorizing the National Estu-ary Program, S. 1523 makes prudent fiscal adjustments. The amendment to S. 1523 strikes the text of the Senate bill and instead uses the legislative text of the House-passed bill, H.R. 944. An agreement was reached to split the difference in authorized appropriations levels of the two bills. As amended, the bill reauthorizes section 320 of the Clean Water Act through 2021, at an amount of $26.5 mil-lion a year. This amount is consistent with appropriations over the past 5 years and in recognition of the fiscal realities of today. S. 1523 also directs more funds to where they need to be, the individual estuaries in the program. The bill achieves this by reducing the amount of discretionary funds made available to the EPA. Finally, the bill allocates a portion of the eligible program funds for com-petitive awards to Federal, State, and local stakeholders to address certain high-priority estuary needs, including algal blooms, hypoxia, flooding, and invasive species. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of S. 1523. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House is again considering legislation to re-authorize EPA’s National Estuary Pro-gram. Last summer the House ap-proved by voice vote a similar bill championed by my colleagues, the gen-tlemen from Washington (Mr. LARSEN ) and Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ). I thank them for their hard work and dedica-tion to produce this important piece of legislation. Estuaries are integral to the health and vibrancy of our national economy and environment. They are formed, as we all know, when fresh water drained from land mixes with salty seawater, and they serve as a nesting and feeding grounds for many plants and animals that form the basis of the aquatic food chain. Estuaries also help to maintain healthy ocean and coastal environ-ments by filtering out sediments and pollutants that flow through our rivers and streams before they reach the ocean. Moreover, during storm and flood events, estuaries help defend our shores by softening the blow of storm surge. More than one-half of our population lives in coastal areas, and countless Americans depend on estuaries for storm and flood protection, and for the cultivation of their livelihoods. Estua-rine habitats provide for millions of jobs in our country and contribute tril-lions to our national economy every year. These jobs are created by com-mercial and recreational fishing and boating, as well as tourism and other forms of recreation taking place just off our shores. As one of my colleagues noted during previous consideration of this legislation, restoring our estuaries can create more than 30 jobs for every $1 million invested. Regrettably, before we understood— fully understood—the extraordinary and irreplaceable value of estuaries, numerous activities were undertaken that have led to the decline in the health of our estuaries, leaving these coastal areas of our country vulnerable to pollution and more frequent and se-vere storm events. It is also undeniable that the population growth near estu-aries has led to increased storm water runoff and sewage discharges fed into these fragile environments. Simply put, estuaries are too ecologically im-portant to leave their fate to chance. With that in mind, today we consider S. 1523, desperately needed legislation that will reauthorize EPA’s National Estuary Program. Since 1987, the Na-tional Estuary Program has operated at EPA in partnership with State and local partners and has developed inno-vative solutions to local water quality problems in estuarine environments. This nonregulatory program currently works to improve the health of 28 estu-aries across the country, including three estuaries in Northwest: Puget Sound, Tillamook, and Columbia River estuaries. These estuaries are of great support to my home State, Oregon, and our regional and national economies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.009 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1959 April 26, 2016 
Restoring and protecting these areas should be one of our highest concerns. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill would ensure that logical organizations across the country in partnership with the EPA can protect and restore estu-aries for the benefit of future genera-tions. I support passage of this legisla-tion and hope that this is the last time this House must act to send this impor-tant bill to the President. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting S. 1523. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO ), who is a sponsor of the bill and has worked tirelessly to protect estu-aries throughout the Nation. b1600 Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER , Chairman G IBBS, Ranking Mem-bers D
EFAZIO and N APOLITANO , as well as my colleagues Mr. L
ARSEN , Mr. P
OSEY , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida for helping to draft this legislation and re-authorization. We all share the hope that this is the last go-around to get this done. Estuaries across the country, includ-ing the Delaware Bay and Barnegat Bay estuaries in my district, have im-measurable economic, ecological, and environmental benefit. They deserve continued congressional support. This version of the National Estuary Program reauthorization is a bipar-tisan, fiscally responsible compromise with the Senate that reduces the au-thorization by $8.5 million. The impor-tant part is it ultimately increases the amount of money each estuary pro-gram will receive. Unlike many programs under the Clean Water Act, the National Estuary Program is a nonregulatory program, uniquely designed to support the col-laborative, voluntary efforts of Fed-eral, State, and local stakeholders to restore degraded estuaries. Unfortu-nately, the NEPs have been losing money due to increasing EPA adminis-trative costs. We have heard that be-fore, but, in this particular case, it is really hurting. To correct that, our legislation de-tails precisely how the EPA is to spend the authorized and appropriated money. By setting limits of 5 percent for the EPA’s administrative costs, we can guarantee 80 percent of the funding goes directly to the needs of the estu-ary and not bureaucratic salary and red tape. Also, in this year’s reauthorization, we have set aside 15 percent of the funding for a competitive award pro-gram. This program seeks applications to deal with urgent and challenging issues that threaten the ecological and economic well-being of coastal areas. By structuring how the money is spent and lowering authorization lev-els, this legislation strikes the right balance of fiscal and environmental re-sponsibility. I want to thank my col-leagues once again for their strong sup-port of this, and I urge all Members to support the bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I urge sup-port of this important legislation to protect estuaries throughout the coun-try. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1523, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FOREIGN SPILL PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1684) to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act to impose penalties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and damages in connection with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1684 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Spill Protection Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. LIABILITY OF OWNERS AND OPERATORS OF FOREIGN FACILITIES. 
(a) O ILPOLLUTION CONTROL ACTAMEND -
MENTS .—Section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701) is amended— (1) in paragraph (26)(A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘onshore or offshore facility, any person’’ and inserting ‘‘onshore facility, offshore facility, or for-eign offshore unit or other facility located seaward of the exclusive economic zone, any person or entity’’; and (B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘offshore fa-cility, the person who’’ and inserting ‘‘off-shore facility or foreign offshore unit or other facility located seaward of the exclu-sive economic zone, the person or entity that’’; and (2) in paragraph (32)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (F) as subparagraphs (E) through (G), respectively; (B) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) F
OREIGN FACILITIES .—In the case of a foreign offshore unit or other facility located seaward of the exclusive economic zone, any person or other entity owning or operating the facility, and any leaseholder, permit holder, assignee, or holder of a right of use and easement granted under applicable for-eign law for the area in which the facility is located.’’; and (C) in subparagraph (G), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘or offshore facility, the persons who’’ and inserting ‘‘, offshore facility, or foreign offshore unit or other facility located seaward of the exclusive economic zone, the persons or entities that’’. (b) FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL  A
CTAMENDMENTS .—Section 311(a) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321(a)(11)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and any facility’’ and in-serting ‘‘any facility’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, and, for the purposes of applying subsections (b), (c), (e), and (o), any foreign offshore unit (as defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act) or any other fa-cility located seaward of the exclusive eco-nomic zone’’ after ‘‘public vessel’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1684. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, following the Exxon Valdez disaster in Alaska in 1989, Con-gress passed the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, or OPA. The basic premise of OPA is that the party responsible for the spill is responsible for all of the costs of cleaning up the mess. The Deepwater Horizon spill in 2010 re-minded us of the impact a spill of its size can have on waters, coastlines, people, and our economy. It is impor-tant to note that these offshore facili-ties, as defined by OPA, are limited only to the navigable waters of the United States, and foreign rigs cannot be designated as responsible parties. Therefore, if there were an oil spill originating in foreign waters, the most the responsible party would have to pay to clean up American waters and shores is $150 million. This issue is of particular concern to Gulf States. Mexico, Cuba, and the Ba-hamas are actively looking at expand-ing their offshore drilling operations. Of particular concern is Mexico, which is looking into ultradeep wells, exceed-ing 6,000 feet in depth. In 2012, Mexico’s top oil regulators said they were not prepared to handle a serious accident or major oil spill. But it is not just the Gulf States that could be negatively affected by a spill. On the Canadian side of Lake Erie, off-shore energy exploration is being con-ducted for natural gas. While Canadian law prohibits oil extraction from the Great Lakes, the risk of a spill per-sists. Again, under current law, the re-sponsible party would only have to pay a maximum of $150 million for cleanup. In response to these concerns, my friend from Florida, Representative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.025 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1960 April 26, 2016 
PATRICK MURPHY , and I introduced the legislation that is being considered here today. The bill ensures that the responsible party, regardless of origin, pays for all American cleanup costs by applying OPA. This will also apply Clean Water Act penalties to the re-sponsible foreign party. I am proud that this legislation has broad bipartisan support and has been endorsed by environmental fishing and other groups that depend on the water for their livelihoods. Our coastal com-munities need peace of mind that if they are harmed by a foreign spill, re-sources are available to clean up their shores and help them recover. Amer-ican taxpayers should not have to foot the bill to bail out the mistakes of for-eign companies. I would like to thank and commend the Coast Guard and the majority and minority staffs of the committee, par-ticularly John Rayfield and Dave Jan-sen, for their work on this important legislation. H.R. 1684 is a very straightforward bill that looks to hold the party re-sponsible for a foreign oil spill that af-fects U.S. waters or lands accountable. I urge all Members to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this noncontroversial legislation that will clarify existing Federal au-thority regarding the liability for and enforcement of offshore oil spills origi-nating from a foreign source outside the U.S. exclusive economic zone. H.R. 1684, the Foreign Spill Protec-tion Act of 2016, clarifies that owners and operators of oil production facili-ties located offshore and outside the United States are liable for cleanup costs and damages from oil spills. These foreign entities are responsible for oil spills that originate outside U.S. waters if they threaten or cause dam-age in the United States. The foreign entities would be subject to criminal and civil penalties, Federal removal authority, and any State-authorized remedy currently allowed under Fed-eral and State law. I would like to commend the co-operation shown by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Chairman S
HUSTER , Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Sub-committee Chairman H
UNTER , and Ranking Member G
ARAMENDI in work-ing out the final details of this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, the Deepwater Horizon disaster painfully reminded us of how catastrophic an offshore oil spill can be, both in its geographic reach and in its environmental and economic costs. The settled liability and enforcement regimes authorized under the Oil Pollu-tion Act and the Clean Water Act have proven themselves to be comprehen-sive, durable, and effective. In the event of a spill, this response regime has ensured time and time again that the Federal Government has clear, un-equivocal authority to respond to a spill, restore the environment and com-munities harmed, and recover damages for the harm caused. This legislation will in no way impede or change those indispensable authorities. In closing, it is a helpful enhance-ment to clarify that spills originating from foreign sources fall under this well-established legal regime. I ask Members on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to thank the ranking member, Mr. DEFAZIO, for his state-ment and for his cooperation on this legislation. I also want to thank Chair-man S
HUSTER . As the gentleman mentioned, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is oftentimes an example of how we can put politics aside to work together and do good things for the American people. This legislation is very important to my constituents in south Florida, in the Florida Keys, and, really, to coastal communities all over the country. So I thank the gen-tleman for his statement. I thank ev-eryone who had a part in crafting this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ), who is vitally interested and concerned about this legislation. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Florida and I thank the gentleman from Or-egon for their tireless efforts to protect our environment. As the gentleman from Florida and I know firsthand, so much of our economy is based on our environment. Making sure that we have clean water and clean air is ex-actly what we need to be focused on. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, ensuring the party responsible for such oil spills is held liable. Hopefully, we get bipartisan support going for-ward. I thank the two gentlemen for their work putting this forward. I would also like to rise today in sup-port of H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. I was proud to put this bipartisan legis-lation forward with my good friend, an-other gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS) to clarify that private flood in-surance may be an available option for homeowners to satisfy mandatory cov-erage requirements under the National Flood Insurance Program. For Florida homeowners, this is a win-win, giving them more options for flood insurance coverage and using new competition to drive down prices and expand coverage options for consumers. The National Flood Insurance Pro-gram is an important tool that empow-ers and protects homeowners all across America. The Biggert-Waters Act of 2012 took an important step in opening up the market and allowing private flood insurance policies to satisfy man-datory coverage requirements under the program. However, as we have learned, some-times even the best laid plans can have unintended consequences. With a lack of clarity as to which private flood in-surance policies are allowed in the pro-gram, the market has not been able to expand, and consumers have been left with just one choice to insure their properties from flood risk: the National Flood Insurance Program. I recently heard from one of my con-stituents in Martin County, Florida, about how the premium for just 1 year of flood insurance coverage through the NFIP ended up being five times the price they expected it to be. To make matters worse, the maximum coverage was only half of what they paid for the home itself; yet they were required to purchase the higher priced plan that did not provide the coverage they need-ed because there were no other options. This highlights the urgent need to allow competition in the flood insur-ance marketplace to meet home-owners’ needs and drive down costs. But to do that, we must allow the States to license and regulate flood in-surance policies, exactly like home-owners insurance, car insurance, or health insurance. Yet, almost inexplicably, Florida’s private flood insurance market re-mains restrained because homeowners are not given the choice to look to pri-vate market policies for more flood in-surance options. The bank will not ac-cept other policies because their regu-lators haven’t approved them. This bill will solve this problem by allowing State insurance commis-sioners, who have long been considered by Congress as the most appropriate regulators of insurance, to certify pri-vate insurance plans to provide equiva-lent or better protections for flood in-surance other than the NFIP plan. Ev-eryone I talk to agrees that Florida’s insurance commissioner is certainly better equipped to regulate flood insur-ance in our State than the Federal banking regulators. By breaking this down, we break down a major barrier to marketplace expansion. This legislation will foster more competition, greatly benefiting homeowners across Florida and the Na-tion. I thank the gentleman from Texas, Chairman H
ENSARLING , for his leader-ship on this issue. I also extend my deep gratitude to the gentlewoman from California, Ranking Member W
ATERS , for her relentless advocacy for consumers and for working with us to improve this legislation and produce a solid, bipartisan outcome. I appreciate all of my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee for moving this commonsense measure for-ward with unanimous, bipartisan sup-port. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.028 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1961 April 26, 2016 
b1615 I am hopeful that today it will be passed by the full House with similar support and will be swiftly considered in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ), whom I saw in the Ever-glades on Friday. We were celebrating another great victory for Floridians there. Here today we are again celebrating that we have been able to get some-thing done with the support of our col-leagues on behalf of the people of our State. We decided early on in this Congress that we would work together to protect our coastal communities, and that is exactly what we are doing here today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1684, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMBATING TERRORIST RECRUITMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4820) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or estranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruit-ment, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4820 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DIRECTIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall incorporate, to the ex-tent practicable, into Department of Home-land Security efforts to combat terrorist re-cruitment and communications the public testimonials of former violent extremists or their associates, including friends and fam-ily. Such efforts may include the following: (1) Counter-messaging of foreign terrorist organization communications and nar-ratives. (2) Related community engagement and public education efforts. (b) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall, where appropriate, co-ordinate the efforts described in subsection (a) with the heads of other Federal depart-ments and agencies, as appropriate, and, to the extent practicable, engage nongovern-mental and international partners in the identification and use of testimonials de-scribed in such subsection. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act may be construed to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to collect testimonials directly from former violent ex-tremists or their associates, including friends and family. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials to the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of the Com-bating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016. I commend Mr. F
LEISCHMANN for offering this bipartisan counterterror-ism bill at a time when we are in the highest terror threat environment since 9/11. We have more than 1,000 homegrown terror investigations in all 50 States, and we have arrested over 80 ISIS sup-porters in our country, many for plot-ting attacks. Terrorists are radicalizing our citi-zens online and across borders, which is why we need this legislation. It re-quires that the Secretary of Homeland Security use the testimonials of former extremists and defectors to help stop terrorist recruitment. President Obama himself—and I agree with him on this issue—argued last year: We need to lift up the voice of those who know the hypocrisy of groups like ISIS firsthand, including former extremists. He also noted: ‘‘Former extremists . . . can be powerful messengers in de-bunking these terrorist ideologies.’’ Our foreign partners are already using these types of testimonials over-seas. So is our State Department. But we need to be doing this counter-mes-saging here at home. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in front of my committee last month: My priority has been focus-ing on communities that I believe are most vulnerable to the appeals from ISIS, al Qaeda, and other terrorist groups overseas who are actively tar-geting individuals in these commu-nities . . . This is as important as any of our other homeland security mis-sions. I commend Secretary Johnson for his words and his work, but we are not act-ing quickly enough. That is why this bill was one of the top recommenda-tions of the bipartisan task force we created last year to look at this threat. In their final report, the Democratic and Republican Members who led the task force said America needed to launch a concerted effort to use the testimonials of former extremists to combat terrorist propaganda. This is from a Virginia defector. Just last month an ISIS defector from Vir-ginia was picked up in Iraq. He said he wanted to send a message to the Amer-ican people that life with ISIS was mis-erable and that the group did not rep-resent Islam. These are the types of voices we need to amplify so as to keep others from making the same mis-takes. Some have argued that this bill lim-its the DHS in allowing it only to counter-message groups like ISIS and al Qaeda, but that is simply false. In fact, at our markup, legislative counsel told the members: ‘‘The current lan-guage in the bill is extremely broad- based. It does not place a limitation on anything.’’ Although our bipartisan task force focused on foreign terrorist threats, the bill gives the Secretary the flexi-bility to address the full array of dan-gerous groups that threaten our people both here at home and abroad. I am proud to say that the majority of Re-publicans and Democrats on the House Homeland Security Committee support this legislation. Terrorists are recruiting our citizens at the speed of broadband. So we can’t move at the speed of bureaucracy. Today Congress has an opportunity to fight back. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H.R. 4820, the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016. It is troubling that some of my col-leagues have circulated misinforma-tion about this bill. Let me set the record straight. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity has repeatedly told my committee that H.R. 4820 is unnecessary insofar as the Department can already integrate public testimonials of former terrorists and violent extremists into its efforts to counter violent extremism and ter-rorism. In fact, yesterday I spoke with Sec-retary Johnson, and he reiterated that DHS has the authority it needs to carry out its countering violent extre-mism efforts and that this bill is un-necessary. I oppose H.R. 4820 today for the same reason I opposed it when it was consid-ered earlier this month in committee. H.R. 4820 is nothing more than a mes-sage bill, a bill that sends the message to DHS to focus its counter-messaging efforts on foreign terrorist groups. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.030 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1962 April 26, 2016 
Domestic terror groups, like foreign terrorist organizations, recruit and spread propaganda through social media and online platforms. This bill ignores the fact that domestic terror groups, like foreign terrorist organiza-tions, kill Americans. Since September 11, terrorists who have espoused their ideology of foreign terrorist organizations have been re-sponsible for killing 45 innocent Ameri-cans on U.S. soil. During that same pe-riod, members of domestic terrorist or-ganizations have murdered more than 48 Americans. If you ask law enforcement leaders across this country what keeps them up at night, they will likely say the prospect that there is a sovereign cit-izen group or militia plotting in their jurisdictions. Just last month the Atlanta police chief testified before my committee that he is deeply concerned about homegrown extremists and militia ac-tivity. His testimony echoes the re-sults of a recent survey in which 74 per-cent of law enforcement identified anti-government extremism as one of the three terrorist threats in their ju-risdictions. In the last 2 months, we have seen the development of domestic terrorists: an attack on police officers in Georgia by a self-appointed wizard of the Ku Klux Klan; the conviction by a Federal grand jury in Mississippi of two mem-bers of the Aryan Brotherhood of Mis-sissippi for their participation in var-ious criminal acts, including those of drug production, trafficking, kidnap-ping, and murder; the indictment of two members of a sovereign citizen group in Columbus, Ohio, for building a bomb that was modeled after the sui-cide vests that were used in the No-vember Paris attack; a four-count in-dictment against a member of a Michi-gan sovereign citizen group for selling women and children into sexual slav-ery. Such abusive activities are chill-ingly similar to those of ISIL. In recognition of these facts, I, to-gether with like-minded committee Democrats, made multiple proposals during and after the markup to fix the bill. We offered an amendment to de-fine ‘‘violent extremist’’ to encompass not only those engaged in ideologically motivated international terrorism, but also in domestic terrorism. It was rejected. We offered an amend-ment to insert ‘‘domestic terrorist or-ganization.’’ It was also rejected. Even after the markup, we made three more proposals to fix the bill. Each was re-jected. By refusing to include any mention of domestic terrorist organizations, H.R. 4820 represents a significant de-parture from the holistic, comprehen-sive approach that has been espoused by the Obama administration to counter ideologically based violence. Since 2011, with the publication of the ‘‘Empowering Local Partners to Prevent Extremism in the United States’’ strategy by the White House, Federal efforts to prevent such ter-rorism have been guided by the rec-ognition that violent extremists are in-spired by a range of religious, political, or other ideological beliefs. The passage of H.R. 4820 would send the wrong message. As such, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Chattanooga, Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ), the sponsor and au-thor of the bill. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 4820, the Combating Terrorist Recruit-ment Act. I wish to thank Chairman M
CCAUL and the members of the Homeland Se-curity Committee for all of their hard work on this bill. I will never forget the moment back in July—I was standing on this floor— when I was told about the shootings at two military installations in Chat-tanooga, Tennessee, the town in which I live and proudly represent. As many of you may remember, four marines and one sailor were killed in the attack while several others were wounded. Just this past December, following the FBI investigation, Director James Comey concluded that the shootings ‘‘were motivated by foreign terrorist organization propaganda.’’ Given the recent attacks in Chat-tanooga and San Bernardino, as well as in Paris and Brussels, we need to use every tool in the toolbox to combat this new brand of extremism. This bill implements one of the key recommendations made by the Home-land Security Committee’s bipartisan task force, one that is specifically de-signed to counter terrorism and foreign fighter travel. This bill does not forbid DHS from countering all forms of extremism, but the bill does provide examples of how DHS can fulfill the requirement, such as counter-messaging foreign terrorist organizations, which are actively re-cruiting in our country at an alarming rate. This bipartisan legislation requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to amplify the testimonials of former ex-tremists and defectors to fight the propaganda and the recruitment of ter-rorist groups like ISIS. Foreign terrorists are using tech-nology to radicalize Americans at a troubling pace, which continues to in-crease. More than 250 Americans have traveled or have attempted to travel to fight with jihadists in Syria and Iraq, and the FBI says there are open coun-terterrorism investigations in all 50 States, mostly ISIS related. Many of these individuals were pulled in by ter-rorist propaganda. b1630 ISIS is luring Americans with empty and false promises that do not reflect the true reality on the ground in places like Syria and Iraq. The true reality centers on fear, suffering, and the mur-der of innocent people throughout the region and around the world. Several recent defectors from ISIS have admitted that joining the group was a terrible mistake. One young fighter said he found it very hard to live there and no longer believes the group represents their religion. We need to do all we can to amplify the messages from these disillusioned terrorists who have firsthand experi-ence with the evil and hypocrisy of these extremist groups. The State Department and many of our key allies already utilize the testi-mony of those disaffected by the true reality of these terror groups, and the concept was also endorsed by the De-partment of Homeland Security’s Homeland Security Advisory Council last spring. Unfortunately, there may be partisan opposition to this bipartisan bill. The majority of the Homeland Security committee members, on both sides of the aisle, supported the bill in com-mittee. I will say it again: this bill received a majority of votes from both sides of the aisle in committee. Let’s not put partisanship ever ahead of our Nation’s security. This is a commonsense measure to hinder those recruiting efforts of groups like ISIS with the testimony of those who have seen the evil of these groups firsthand. I urge the support of my colleagues. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentlewoman from New Jer-sey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4820, the so-called Combating Terrorist Recruitment Bill. H.R. 4820 omits any mention of do-mestic terrorist organizations, a sig-nificant departure from the holistic, comprehensive approach that is adopt-ed by the administration to counter ideologically based violence. This bill isolates the enemy to be those who are Islamist, those who are foreign, and those who are being radicalized by for-eigners. How does this bill address the threat of terror from those who are not just jaded jihadists, like this bill was ini-tially titled, but, rather, a part of do-mestic militia or part of a rightwing, ultra-conservative, racist organization that wants to kill African Americans or other vulnerable populations? A recent study by the Police Execu-tive Research Forum and the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Se-curity found that State and local law enforcement personnel are almost twice as concerned about rightwing and antigovernment terrorism as they are about the threat from al Qaeda, ISIS, and similar groups. The concerns of State and local law enforcement about domestic terrorism are well placed. Within the last year, we have seen a rightwing terrorist kill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.032 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1963 April 26, 2016 
nine people at Mother Emanuel in Charleston and an anti-abortion ter-rorist kill three people at the Planned Parenthood facility in Colorado. Since the attacks of 9/11, within the United States, domestic terrorists have killed 48 people, more than those killed by foreign terrorist-inspired attacks. Shouldn’t we be concerned about those who have demonstrated the greatest threat to our homeland in the last 15 years? H.R. 4820 represents a marked depar-ture from a national strategy to com-bat terrorism and that recognizes that individuals who promote and use vio-lence against the U.S. are inspired by a range of religious, political, or other ideological beliefs. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 sec-onds to the gentlewoman. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. This bill only serves to perpetuate the stigma associated with just one group of peo-ple who happen to practice Islam. It does not recognize a full range of ter-rorist threats to our homeland. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4820. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ), the original cospon-sor of the bill and the chairman of the bipartisan task force. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for of-fering this legislation. Mr. Speaker, America continues to witness the largest convergence of rad-ical Islamic threats in the history of our country. More than any threat before, ISIS demonstrated an ability to radicalize individuals throughout the world by utilizing the Internet. However, these individuals are met with the cold, hard reality that ISIS does not offer luxury, happiness, or peacefulness. On the contrary, these in-dividuals are thrust onto the battle-field with little or no training and lit-tle or no regard for their lives. Some, when faced with the truth, try to turn back. Among those who recog-nize ISIS for the barbaric, destructive force that it is, some have actually dared to speak out against them, using their experience to dissuade others from risking their lives in order to wage war on innocent people. One of these individuals was men-tioned by my colleague, Chairman Mike McCaul, and that individual grew up across the river from here in Alex-andria, Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the ef-forts of our law enforcement and intel-ligence officials by supporting this bill. The Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016, of which I am a cosponsor, requires a dissemination of testimonials from ISIS defectors to help stop the radicalization of at-risk individuals. This bill comes from the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, of which I served as a Republican lead. Using these testimonials would fill a gap that our bipartisan task force identified in a bipartisan manner. I thank Chairman MCCAUL, who has led this effort. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I cer-tainly don’t question the motivations of the gentleman who has sponsored this bill. He is a good man, a good American, and loves his country, but I believe it is misdirected. I really do. In my hand, if you remember, there is a report from 2009, the beginning of the Obama administration. All that work was done in the previous adminis-tration on this report. The report is quite revealing. Anybody who is on Homeland Secu-rity should read it because it tells us that we need not only to carry out the oath of office, half of it, but we should defend the country against foreign in-truders. Also, it says in our oath ‘‘do-mestic’’ as well. This report lays out very clearly what is going on in the United States of America in our backyards. It was squashed. I remember the day when a Demo-cratic Secretary of the Homeland Secu-rity heard from me about it, that she should not have bent over because those on the other side wanted this re-port squashed. There have been articles written since that time, 2009, of how it was squashed. They didn’t want the Amer-ican people to read this. That is quite, quite a report. So I rise in opposition, Mr. Speaker, to H.R. 4820. No one loves this country more than the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). I am not on that committee anymore, but no one respects it more than B
ENNIE THOMP -
SON. Why is he opposed to this? Is he op-posed to this because he doesn’t love his country as much as the folks on the other side of the aisle? I don’t think so. Does he oppose it because he didn’t sponsor it? I don’t think so. He opposes it because this excludes very specific things which we should not exclude. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an additional 1 minute. Mr. PASCRELL. The House should not be picking and choosing what sources of terrorism the Department should focus on without taking into ac-count all the facts. The House con-tinues to ignore the threats posed by violent extremism, which are not lim-ited to a single ideology. Eric Hoffer, in the book ‘‘The True Believer,’’ written many years ago, said that extremism is inspired by a range of reasons, including religious, political, or ideological beliefs. He says that these movements, regardless of the motive or end goal, simply need isolated individuals who are dispos-sessed in some way or other and need to feel part of something bigger than themselves. Why don’t we really get at the sources of the people who want to kill our kids and want to damage our prop-erties, whether they come from afar or whether they are grown right here? Homegrown. Homegrown. And we are ignoring it. The FBI reports that time and time again. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). Mr. HURD of Texas. ‘‘It’s not a revo-lution or jihad. It’s a slaughter. I was shocked by what I did.’’ ‘‘I found it very, very hard to live there. ISIS fighters don’t represent the religion. I don’t see them as good Mus-lims.’’ Mr. Speaker, those are the words of Americans who traveled overseas to fight alongside ISIS. They left home believing they were headed toward a great adventure. They were promised glory and honor, but what they found was death and a perversion of the reli-gion they believe in. These fighters were originally re-cruited to fight for ISIS through social media. Every day ISIS spreads their lies and propaganda, drawing in naive young Americans. They do this in dozens of different languages, reaching people across the world. Even while ISIS loses ground on the battlefield, they are working hard to make it up in the digital sphere. The Combating Terrorist Recruit-ment Act will allow us to take these powerful words of truth and use them to combat the lies that ISIS is spread-ing on social media. Some may say this is unnecessary. Some may say: Why aren’t we already doing this? We aren’t. That is why we need this piece of legislation. This bill requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former extremists and defectors as part of an ongoing effort to stop terrorist recruitment. These are individuals who have seen the bru-tality of terrorist groups firsthand and have rejected it. This bill is not limited to specific groups. Let me repeat that one more time: This bill is not limited to specific groups. It gives our counterterrorism profes-sionals the flexibility needed to fight back against extremists as the threat environment and terrorist tactics change. It also requires DHS to coordinate these efforts with other agencies, non-governmental organizations, and for-eign partners so that we do this the right way, finding the best outlets for undermining terrorist propaganda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.034 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1964 April 26, 2016 
The bipartisan Foreign Fighter Task Force I served on recommends that we use these credible voices to fight against ISIS’ online efforts. The nonpartisan Homeland Security Advisory Council has urged DHS to use the testimonials of former extremists in our counternarrative efforts. Our foreign partners are already using these tactics and finding them effec-tive. Our young people are being targeted. We have the tools to help protect them. These tools can stop others in our hometowns from making a terrible mistake. We need to get in the online fight, but time is not on our side. I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the Combating Terrorist Re-cruitment Act. Having spent 9
1⁄2years as an undercover officer chasing terror-ists across the world, there is no such thing as a silver bullet. We have to do this piecemeal, and this bill is one step going in that direction. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), the ranking member on the House Trans-portation Committee. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as one who served from the cre-ation of the Homeland Security Com-mittee until just a couple of years ago. I am concerned about what I am hearing here today on the floor, and I am surprised. Perhaps we should insert the word ‘‘some,’’ combating some ter-rorist recruitment in 2016. Now, the chairman said that DHS certainly has the flexibility to address domestic terrorism. Well, that is true. But why leave out explicit mention of domestic terrorism? b1645 Are you afraid of offending some rightwing nuts out there? What is the deal? Seriously, I just went through this in Oregon. I have been on the Department of Justice and the FBI for about 2 years: Go get Cliven Bundy, get his cattle off the land, put the guy in jail. They didn’t do it. And what hap-pened? He taught his kids the way it was done. You show the government a gun, and they will run away, and you keep doing what you want, and you can deny that the Federal Government has the right to own any public lands in this country and try and take them over for private individuals. Now, this is a serious threat. The Murrah building, there were no foreign terrorists involved, 168 dead, hundreds injured, and we can’t explicitly put into this bill all terrorism, including domestic terrorism. I really fear that some are worried that some of these rightwing extremist groups out there might be offended if we were to say that they are a threat to our Nation. Well, they are very much a threat, and this bill omitting that should have this bill denied pas-sage on this floor and bring it back in a comprehensive way next week. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4820, the Com-bating Terrorist Recruitment Act au-thored by Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . This bill is one step in implementing the recommendations of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Foreign Fighter Task Force. This bipartisan team was charged with studying how our government can combat Western citizens who become radicalized and take up arms with terrorists. The President, senior national security offi-cials, industry leaders, and experts have all expressed support for this con-cept. While all self-radicalized terrorists deserve the consequences of their be-havior, some realize just how profound they were mistaken after seeing the re-ality of life under ISIS. They some-times recant and tell the truth about the atrocities that they have witnessed or committed. That is valuable infor-mation. What this bill does is common sense. It directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to use testimony from these individuals as part of our efforts to combat violent extremists. President Obama himself stated that we need to ‘‘lift up the voices’’ of former extrem-ists in order to expose the hypocrisy of ISIS, but this bill does not limit the Department’s ability to counter-measure terrorist groups that threaten us no matter where they are located. As we speak, ISIS is using social media and the Internet to radicalize young Americans who are vulnerable to a message of inclusion in a grand cause, no matter how sinister. Before they make a mistake that could cause them and others their lives, let’s take every opportunity to counter ISIS’ poi-sonous narrative. To hear from others like them who wanted to believe in ISIS and found the truth too late is a tactic we should utilize. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill, which received bipartisan support in committee. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Ten-nessee for offering this bill, as well as Chairman M
CCAUL for bringing it to the floor. When the terrorists attacked in San Bernardino, many Americans said: What are we doing? When you find out that these folks are trafficking on the Internet and messaging, they say: Where is our FBI? Where are the services protecting us, and why aren’t they doing everything they can? This is one thing they can do is offer testimonials from people who have been there who can give other people who might be interested in joining the truth. Yet there are some folks here who don’t want to do that. They are in-terested in misrepresenting this bill. I want to remind everybody that this bill is the result of a bipartisan task force, a bipartisan task force, Member- led, that said we need to do exactly this, and unanimously move this for-ward to the full committee. They say it is unnecessary. Well, if it is unnecessary, why isn’t Homeland Se-curity doing this already? Why not? How long are they going to wait? They say that they offered amend-ments. Really? They offered amend-ments? They couldn’t be bothered to answer the chairman’s call when he said: Hey, can you collaborate with us on this so we have a good bill that everybody is involved in. They waited until the day of the markup, and then came in with a bunch of amendments and concerns. It was apparent that all they wanted to do was slow the process down and, as a matter of fact, move the process to some other date. How long are we going to wait? Do you want to ask the relatives of those who are killed by these people how long they want to wait? How about the next ones? Now, some on the other side have picked this up as this is a politically motivated agenda. I say some because not all. As a matter of fact, many on the other side voted to move this bill right to the floor where it is now. I don’t understand why they would want to have America be less safe. I don’t understand, Mr. Speaker. We spent 4 hours—4 hours—going over a two-page bill. Two pages. We enter-tained what they wanted to change, and we did make some changes, but it was apparent that all they wanted to really do was stall and stall and move this process forward down the line and never get to it. Mr. Speaker, we don’t have any choice. We have to move forward now. Those in opposition are simply will-fully refusing to see what all America sees. We need to address this threat im-mediately. It is a two-page bill, and it doesn’t deny Homeland Security from doing anything that it has already been doing. As a matter of fact, these folks on the other side demanded at that mark-up—they demanded—that we say that Homeland Security must do this. And the chairman said: Okay, if you want to demand that they do it, we will de-mand that they do it. Mr. Speaker, I think we ought to make America safe and pass this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, from Boston to Charleston, we have seen individuals operating within our communities and living among us plot to cause mass harm in the name of a violent extrem-ist and hateful ideology. Today much has been made of the fact that the FBI has open investigations of ISIL-in-spired activity in all 50 States. Far less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.036 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1965 April 26, 2016 
attention has been given to the number of open investigations of anti-govern-ment and militia groups, a number that grew by one-third in 2015 alone. We cannot afford to turn a blind eye to the threats posed by any terrorist group or organization, as the bill be-fore us today would do. Therefore, it is imperative that DHS use testimonials from violent extremists involved in all forms of violent extremism. Public testimonials can be a powerful tool to reach individuals who otherwise might be susceptible to terrorist propaganda. Given the diversity in the threat landscape that we face, it just makes sense that any such effort should be comprehensive. Unfortunately, the bill’s sponsors have decided that this bill should turn away from the com-prehensive approach. Mr. Speaker, again, let me indicate that the only real issue before us is the domestic aspect of terrorism. Domestic terrorist organizations have dem-onstrated time and time again, they have killed more Americans here on our soil than foreign terrorists have. The reason we are in opposition is we don’t recognize that in this legislation. Our effort in markup, as well as here on the floor, is to make sure that all of the bad people get recognized, those international and foreign, but also those who are domestic. Some of us have lived in parts of the country where domestic terrorism was a way of life for a lot of us, and because of that, we are very passionate on that subject. The Charleston situation was very unfortunate. That was an act of domestic terrorism. There is no ques-tion about it. So why wouldn’t we want to add those kind of extremist activities in this legislation so we can cover every-one? That is really the opposition that we have had. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 4820. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Speaker, Paris, Brussels, Chat-tanooga, San Bernardino. How many more? Mr. Speaker, it is time to act, and act today on this important legislation that is bipartisan. It is important to point out—I know the ranking member has good intentions, but our bill allows DHS to combat terrorist recruitment by all dangerous organizations, as was brought out at the markup. The President’s Homeland Security adviser, Lisa Monaco, said: ‘‘Our ef-forts will be the most effective when they focus on amplifying authentic voices,’’ such as former violent extrem-ists. These voices can convince others from going down the path to violence. The President’s national security ad-viser, Susan Rice, added that they are already amplifying the voices of ISIL defectors overseas. And she explains that ‘‘these voices are eroding ISIL’s appeal.’’ This countermessaging works, and it has worked for the State Department, but we are not doing it at home. We need to do it here at home and not just overseas. That is why I urge strong support for this. I don’t understand after it being the product of a bipartisan task force with bipartisan support out of the com-mittee, the very week that the Brus-sels attack occurred, we marked up this bill. Mr. Speaker, it is time to act. I urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in opposition to H.R. 4820, the ‘‘Com-bating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016,’’ be-cause regrettably the bill was not improved as I had hoped and expected between the Com-mittee markup and, floor consideration. Specifically, Section 2 of H.R. 4820, directs the Secretary of Homeland Security, inter alia, to employ ‘‘Counter-messaging of foreign ter-rorist organization communications and nar-ratives.’’ However, the bill is silent on the issue of do-mestic terrorists and the threat they pose to the safety and security of Americans. This was a point raised by the minority members during the markup, but an agree-ment could not be reached to include the words ‘‘and domestic terrorist’’ in the bill. As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, I appreciate the concerns the bill is intended to address but in my view the bill’s scope is too limited in view of the number and frequency of violent domestic extremist attacks such as the one occurring in the evening of June 17, 2015 at the historic Mother Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. Combating violent extremism is too impor-tant to become the subject of partisan political disputes. Instead, we should work together to find common ground that reconciles the competing interests of collective security and individual liberties. We must not focus on one religion as being a threat—this would be wrong and counter-productive. Mr. Speaker, there have been other attacks by foreign and domestic violent extremists. The Fort Hood Texas attack committed by Major Nidal Malik Hasan, who opened fire and killed 13 U.S. military personnel. The Boston Marathon attackers were two Chechen brothers Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev who carried out a bomb-ing that took 3 lives and injured 264 others. Later, the brothers killed university police of-ficer Sean A. Collier. On December 2, 2015, 14 people were killed and 22 were seriously injured in a ter-rorist attack in San Bernardino, California, which consisted of a mass shooting and an at-tempted bombing. The perpetrators, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik, a married couple living in the city of Redlands, who the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health training event and holiday party, of about 80 employ-ees. This threat of attack by foreign terrorists on American soil is real and substantial and re-quires vigilance by the Administration and this Congress. However, threats of domestic terrorist at-tacks are also real. Mr. Speaker, we cannot be unmindful of the fact that since September 2001, there have been 250 deaths at the hands of home grown violent extremists as opposed by 50 by foreign terrorists. The seminal act of homegrown domestic terror occurred in 1995, when the domestic terrorist Timothy McVeigh detonated the truck bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 persons and in-jured over 680 people. At the time, it is the largest loss of American lives at the hands of a domestic terror group since the Civil War. Today, the challenge is countering the mes-sages of violent extremism no matter the source and not to fall for thinking that one type of violent extremism is less of a threat than another type of violent extremism. Radical and extremist groups, both domestic and international, systematically prey upon the vulnerabilities of young persons by offering in-ducements such as financial assistance, famil-ial-like bonds, or the promise of an exciting and heroic life. In some cases, youth have been forcibly re-cruited or tricked into participating in terrorist activities, including suicide bombings. The heinous attack in Mother Emmanuel Church was a defining moment in our nation’s history for many reasons, but the final chapter will be written by those who are charged with keeping our nation and its people safe while preserving the way of life that terrorist seek to change. One of the enduring challenges for mem-bers of the Homeland Security Committee is how we guide the work of the Department of Homeland Security. I hosted DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson in Houston for two days of discussions, and tours that were insightful and probing on a range of regional and national homeland secu-rity issues. The issue of violent extremism is one of several efforts that the Department of Home-land Security has prioritized and begun efforts to address both the international threat and the domestic threats. DHS defines ‘‘Domestic Terrorism’’ as: ‘‘Any act of violence that is dangerous to human life or potentially destructive of critical infrastruc-ture or key resources committed by a group or individual based and operating entirely within the United States or its territories without di-rection or inspiration from a foreign terrorist group.’’ Groups and individuals inspired to commit terrorist acts are motivated by a range of per-sonal, religious, political, or other ideological beliefs—there is no magic formula. Further, the complexity of adding social media as a new source of recruitment for vio-lent extremists is complicating the efforts of law enforcement, domestic security and na-tional defense. The line between lawfully protected speech and activity that may be a threat should be clearly defined by law. Taking care to protect civil liberties and con-stitutional rights means that our system of laws must acknowledge that reading, writing, or speaking of one’s views or beliefs even when they are unpopular is not a crime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.038 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1966 April 26, 2016 
Hate speech is not a crime—while an act of violence motivated by hate is. Violent extremist threats within the United States can come from a range of violent ex-tremist groups and individuals, including Do-mestic Terrorists and Homegrown Violent Ex-tremists (HVEs). The troubling violent nature of the attack at Mother Emanuel AME Church, its location in the South, on a night devoted to prayer serv-ices, by a young man still in his twenties awaken fears that many of us who represent majority minority congressional districts had hoped were receding with the passage of time. In the wake of the killings at Mother Eman-uel in Charleston, several African American Churches have fallen victim to fires. Historically, African American churches are the center of religious, social, cultural and po-litical life for the communities they serve. Since the tragic events of September 11, 2001, members serving in this body were mindful of the history that we worked not to re-peat. Today, we are still working to assure the public that appropriate checks must be made certain in how increased in government au-thority is controlled. The demographics of young persons’ be-coming involved in terrorist groups also ap-pear to be changing. In many cases the persons implicated are younger than reported in the past and there appear to be more female youth joining the ranks of terrorist organizations. Additionally, more young supporters are coming from Western countries that are further removed from actual conflict areas. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad and Hamas have recruited children as young as thirteen to be suicide bombers and children as young as eleven to smuggle explosives and weapons. During 2003, thirteen-year-old twin sisters who had been recruited by al-Qaeda linked groups were caught attempting to commit a suicide bombing against Western businesses and local government buildings in Morocco. Counter-recruitment and counter- radicalization initiatives should be tailored lo-cally, and should engage members from across the community who are in a position to address specific underlying factors or identify potential radicalization indicators. Counter-recruitment and radicalization initia-tives must evolve with the young audiences they are intended to reach, adapt along with the adversaries, incorporate new develop-ments in technologies, and address changes within environments where young persons are susceptible. I encourage my colleagues to withdraw this bill and allow for it to be considered under an open rule or for the bill to be sent back to the committee for further consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ERRY ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4820, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
SECURING AVIATION FROM FOR-EIGN ENTRY POINTS AND GUARDING AIRPORTS THROUGH ENHANCED SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4698) to enhance aviation by re-quiring airport security assessments and a security coordination enhance-ment plan, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4698 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Aviation from Foreign Entry Points and Guarding Airports Through Enhanced Secu-rity Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. LAST POINT OF DEPARTURE AIRPORT SE-CURITY ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration shall conduct a com-prehensive security risk assessment of all last point of departure airports with nonstop flights to the United States. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The security risk assess-ment required under subsection (a) shall in-clude consideration of the following: (1) The level of coordination and coopera-tion between the Transportation Security Administration and the foreign government of the country in which the last point of de-parture airport with nonstop flights to the United States is located. (2) The intelligence and threat mitigation capabilities of the country in which such air-port is located. (3) The number of known or suspected ter-rorists annually transiting through such air-port. (4) The passenger security screening prac-tices, capabilities, and capacity of such air-port. (5) The security vetting undergone by avia-tion workers at such airport. (6) The access controls utilized by such air-port to limit to authorized personnel access to secure and sterile areas of such airports. (7) The degree to which the government of the country in which such airport is located mandates, encourages, or prohibits the col-lection, analysis, or sharing of passenger name records. 
SEC. 3. SECURITY COORDINATION ENHANCE-MENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration shall submit to Con-gress and the Government Accountability Office a plan— (1) to enhance and bolster security collabo-ration, coordination, and information shar-ing relating to securing international-in-bound aviation between the United States and domestic and foreign partners, including U.S. Customs and Border Protection, foreign government entities, passenger air carriers, cargo air carriers, and United States Govern-ment entities, in order to enhance security capabilities at foreign airports, including airports that may not have nonstop flights to the United States but are nonetheless de-termined by the Administrator to be high risk; and (2) that includes an assessment of the abil-ity of the Administration to enter into a mu-tual agreement with a foreign government entity that permits Administration rep-resentatives to conduct without prior notice inspections of foreign airports. (b) GAO REVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the submission of the plan required under subsection (a), the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall review the ef-forts, capabilities, and effectiveness of the Transportation Security Administration to enhance security capabilities at foreign air-ports and determine if the implementation of such efforts and capabilities effectively se-cures international-inbound aviation. 
SEC. 4. WORKFORCE ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall submit to Congress a com-prehensive workforce assessment of all Ad-ministration personnel within the Office of Global Strategies of the Administration or whose primary professional duties contribute to the Administration’s global efforts to se-cure transportation security, including a re-view of whether such personnel are assigned in a risk-based, intelligence-driven manner. 
SEC. 5. DONATION OF SCREENING EQUIPMENT TO PROTECT THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration is authorized to donate security screening equipment to a foreign last point of depar-ture airport operator if such equipment can be reasonably expected to mitigate a specific vulnerability to the security of the United States or United States citizens. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days before any donation of security screening equip-ment pursuant to subsection (a), the Admin-istrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a detailed writ-ten explanation of the following: (1) The specific vulnerability to the United States or United States citizens that will be mitigated by such donation. (2) An explanation as to why the recipient of such donation is unable or unwilling to purchase security screening equipment to mitigate such vulnerability. (3) An evacuation plan for sensitive tech-nologies in case of emergency or instability in the country to which such donation is being made. (4) How the Administrator will ensure the security screening equipment that is being donated is used and maintained over the course of its life by the recipient. (5) The total dollar value of such donation. 
SEC. 6. NATIONAL CARGO SECURITY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration may evaluate foreign countries’ air cargo se-curity programs to determine whether such programs provide a level of security com-mensurate with the level of security required by United States air cargo security pro-grams. (b) A
PPROVAL AND RECOGNITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration determines that a foreign country’s air cargo security program evaluated under subsection (a) provides a level of security commensu-rate with the level of security required by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.015 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1967 April 26, 2016 
United States air cargo security programs, the Administrator shall approve and offi-cially recognize such foreign country’s air cargo security program. (2) E
FFECT OF APPROVAL AND RECOGNITION .— If the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration approves and offi-cially recognizes pursuant to paragraph (1) a foreign country’s air cargo security program, cargo aircraft of such foreign country shall not be required to adhere to United States air cargo security programs that would oth-erwise be applicable. (c) R
EVOCATION AND SUSPENSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration determines at any time that a foreign coun-try’s air cargo security program approved and officially recognized under subsection (b) no longer provides a level of security com-mensurate with the level of security required by United States air cargo security pro-grams, the Administrator may revoke or temporarily suspend such approval and offi-cial recognition until such time as the Ad-ministrator determines that such foreign country’s cargo security programs provide a level of security commensurate with the level of security required by such United States air cargo security programs. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration revokes or suspends pursuant to paragraph (1) a foreign country’s air cargo security pro-gram, the Administrator shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 30 days after such revocation or suspension. 
SEC. 7. CHECKPOINTS OF THE FUTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, shall request the Aviation Security Advisory Committee to develop recommendations for more efficient and effective passenger screening processes. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making rec-ommendations to improve existing passenger screening processes pursuant to subsection (a), the Aviation Security Advisory Com-mittee shall consider the following: (1) The configuration of a checkpoint. (2) Technology innovation. (3) Ways to address any vulnerabilities identified in audits of checkpoint operations. (4) Ways to prevent security breaches at airports at which Federal security screening is provided. (5) Best practices in aviation security. (6) Recommendations from airport and air-craft operators, and any relevant advisory committees. (7) ‘‘Curb to curb’’ processes and proce-dures. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the recommendations of the Aviation Security Advisory Committee under this section, including any rec-ommendations for improving screening proc-esses. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I have come to appre-ciate the seriousness of the many threats facing our transportation sys-tems, I realize that one of the most targeted and vulnerable points of at-tack exist for our international in- bound aviation. It is no secret that ter-ror groups across the world value the horrific symbolism of bringing down an aircraft and are continuously plotting to take down planes. They recognize that it is easier for them to attack an aircraft destined for the United States from overseas rather than travel to the United States and then plot a domestic attack. This understanding is nothing new. My own district of Syracuse, New York, tragically learned of terrorists’ determination to bring down airplanes when 35 Syracuse University students and students from other local univer-sities, along with my close friend’s sis-ter, were killed in the Lockerbie bomb-ing of Pan Am Flight 103 in 1988. Now, with the horrific attacks in Bel-gium against two transportation modes, including aviation, it has been reiterated that we must not wait for such attacks to occur in the homeland. We must be as determined to mitigate the threat as extremists are in perpe-trating their attacks against us. The Brussels attacks took place against the European capital with one of the explo-sions occurring just a few blocks from the European Parliament. b1700 I was near those sites not too long ago, where those explosions took place, when visiting Brussels as part of a con-gressional delegation focused on stem-ming the flow of ISIS-affiliated foreign fighters, so I am particularly reminded of how close to home such attacks real-ly are. While a number of security enhance-ments have been made in recent months by the Department of Home-land Security, Transportation Security Administration, and airlines, more must be done. SAFE GATES is an im-portant, bipartisan bill which requires TSA’s Office of Global Strategies to comprehensively assess its own mission needs, with the intent of directing re-sources in a more intelligence-driven, risk-based manner. Further, the legislation directs TSA to provide better communication and foster stronger partnerships with for-eign partners and airlines in order to make sure that everyone with a stake in securing aviation is aware of the se-rious threats facing our skies. Lastly, the SAFE GATES Act au-thorizes the donation of critical secu-rity screening equipment and bolsters TSA’s authority to mandate overseas cargo security standards as a means of building capacity for the security of aircraft headed for the United States. Recently, our colleagues in the Sen-ate added this language to authorizing language for the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration. During the amendment process, Chairman THUNE of the Senate Commerce Committee added the text of this bill, along with some additional provisions, to push TSA to work to-ward developing a new generation of security screening checkpoints. This provision incorporates critical stakeholder feedback by empowering the Aviation Security Advisory Com-mittee to make recommendations to the Administrator concerning check-points of the future. In preparation for bringing this legislation to the floor today, and in agreement with my Democratic colleagues, we have added this thoughtful provision to our bill as well. I would like to thank my bipartisan cosponsor, Congressman K
EATING , for his unwavering support of this criti-cally important legislation. Moreover, I wish to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. M
CCAUL, and the ranking member, Mr. T
HOMPSON , for moving this bill through committee so we can bring our efforts to bear on the House floor today. Lastly, I want to applaud Chairman T
HUNE and Ranking Member N ELSON of the Senate Commerce Committee for making sure that this bill text was added as a security provision to the Senate’s FAA legislation, and I look forward to working closely with my Senate colleagues going forward to get this legislation to the President’s desk. This legislation stands as a testa-ment to the rare ability of Congress to come together in a bicameral and bi-partisan manner to make the American people more secure. It also serves as a direct refute to those terrorists plot-ting to harm the American people, the American economy, and our right to move about freely without fear and without hindrance. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4698, the SAFE GATES Act. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us comes at a very important time. Re-cent events have fueled increased in-terest in addressing terrorism threats at overseas airports. Just last month, a terrorist cell carried out three simulta-neous, coordinated attacks on the Brussels airport and a major rail sta-tion that resulted in the death of 32 people and injuries to over 300 people. At the airport, terrorists filled large suitcases with nail bombs that were detonated in two separate explosions on the public side of the airport. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.016 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1968 April 26, 2016 
attack, in the heart of the European Union’s capital, underscores the reality that the aviation sector continues to be a major terrorist target. Previously, in February, a terrorist boarded a commercial aircraft depart-ing from Mogadishu with a bomb con-cealed in a laptop. The terrorist deto-nated the bomb aboard the aircraft, killing himself and injuring two others. Experts suggest that, had the terrorist detonated the bomb at a higher alti-tude, the damage to the plane would have been catastrophic and the aircraft would have been destroyed. The deadliest aviation attack in re-cent memory took place in October 2015, when Metrojet flight 9268, depart-ing from Sharm el-Sheikh Inter-national Airport, was blown up over the northern Sinai. This horrific trag-edy resulted in the loss of 224 lives. H.R. 4698 is responsive to these dev-astating incidents. It focuses on last point of departure airports, or those airports that originate from foreign countries that fly to the U.S. nonstop, to airports within the U.S. H.R. 4698 requires TSA to do a secu-rity assessment of these airports and take into account: the level of coordi-nation and cooperation between the countries in which the airports are lo-cated and TSA; the intelligence capa-bilities of each country; information on the numbers of known or suspected ter-rorists transiting through such air-ports; and the security screening capa-bilities at these airports. The legislation also requires TSA to submit a plan to bolster and enhance security collaboration between the U.S. and its foreign and domestic part-ners and authorizes TSA to donate se-curity screening equipment to a for-eign airport if it will reduce specific vulnerabilities to the security of the U.S. or U.S. citizens. In addition to codifying TSA’s efforts to bolster security at last point of de-parture airports, H.R. 4698 also seeks to make enhancements to security screen-ing at U.S. airports. Specifically, it di-rects TSA to request that the Aviation Security Advisory Committee develop recommendations to make passenger screening processes more efficient and effective. The areas that the ASAC would be considering include checkpoint con-figuration, technology innovation, and best practices within aviation security. As the lead author of legislation au-thorizing the ASAC, I strongly believe that this body, which is composed of key stakeholders from throughout the aviation community, is a positive cata-lyst for improvement within TSA. Mr. Speaker, I close by saying that there is bipartisan support for this leg-islation. While on the subject of addressing overseas threats, I would note that, in recent years, DHS has made great strides in pushing the borders out, that is, identifying and stopping overseas threats before they reach our borders. Congress needs to support these efforts. To that end, in the coming weeks, I will be introducing comprehensive leg-islation to expand and strengthen DHS’ overseas program aimed at vetting and screening travelers to the U.S. My leg-islation, entitled Pushing Out Amer-ica’s Borders Act of 2016, seeks to ac-celerate DHS’ efforts at expanding and establishing overseas posts for both CBP and ICE to conduct critical trav-eler vetting and screening operations. With the passage of H.R. 4698 today, the House is poised to raise the level of aviation security overseas. The next challenge for this body is to support DHS in its efforts to take more proactive approaches to pushing out our Nation’s border security. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. K
ATKO ’s cooperation in making sure that this bill was brought to the floor. We had a couple of hiccups along the way, but we worked them out. This is really how it should be done, and I ap-preciate the gentleman’s help in get-ting us there. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. Threats to international-bound avia-tion are proliferating every day, and the Department of Homeland Security, TSA, and airlines need the adequate tools and authorities necessary to en-sure the safety and security of trav-eling Americans. Without the authorities and over-sight built into this legislation, I fear that Congress will not be doing all it can to stay ahead of the persistent threats posed by violent extremists. We have seen the threat they pose in Brus-sels and in last year’s attacks on air-liners overseas. So we must not wait to mitigate these threats until it is too late. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of Capitol Hill for working together to develop this important piece of legislation. I again urge my colleagues to support this bill. I want to thank the ranking member for his cooperation. Yes, we had some hiccups, but that is part of the process. The fact of the matter is that we had a very good bill by working together and talking together. While the last col-loquy on the last bill, H.R. 2820, showed we do have differences, I dare say that on the Homeland Security Committee we have far more agreements than we have disagreements, and I hope we can continue in that manner going forward. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4698, the ‘‘Securing Aviation from Foreign Entry Points and Guarding Air-ports through Enhanced Security Act of 2016.’’ As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security, the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and In-vestigations, and a former chair of the Home-land Security Subcommittee on Transportation and Security, I have been committed to pro-tecting and improving the security of our na-tion’s airways. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) needs all the support we can provide to aid them in protecting our nation against secu-rity threats. The critical work of TSA agents around the country provides security for the nation’s air-ports, maintains a security force to screen all commercial airline passengers and baggage, and works with the transportation, law enforce-ment and intelligence communities to ensure safety. In 2015, TSA officers screened 708,316,339 million passengers (more than 1.9 million per day) at more than 450 airports across the na-tion—which is 40,780,330 million more pas-sengers than for the same timeframe in 2014. In addition to screening more than 708 mil-lion passengers last year, TSA officers also screened 1.6 billion carry-on bags, 432 million checked bags and 12.9 million airport employ-ees. Obtaining critical information about TSA’s procedures and planning while handling en-hanced security screenings throughout the country will only make us stronger and safer. The Congressional District I represent in Houston, Texas is home to two of the world’s busiest airports. The Bush International and the William P. Hobby Airports are essential hubs for domes-tic and international air travel for Houston and the region. Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through Wil-liam P. Hobby (HOU). IAH is the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for total passenger traffic with more than 650 daily departures. Since January, IAH has seen a significant increase in both international and domestic travelers. International travel in the first half of 2015 increased by 3.9 percent compared to the same period last year. More than 5.1 mil-lion international passengers boarded flights out of IAH. It is estimated that at the current rate, IAH could see nearly 10.2 million international pas-sengers by the end of the year. In October 2015, in an effort to re-establish the airport’s daily international air service, the William P. Hobby Airport opened a new 280,000 foot complex that includes five gates for its international concourse. This addition is expected to support travel service for nearly 7,500 international pas-sengers and 25 departing flights a day. Enhanced security protects our economic in-terests, more importantly; implementing this bill will protect our citizens. H.R. 4698 will direct the TSA to conduct a comprehensive security risk assessment of all last point of departure airports with nonstop flights to the United States. H.R. 4698 will also require TSA to submit to Congress and the Government Accountability Office (GAO) a plan to: —enhance collaboration, coordination, and information-sharing about international-in-bound aviation between the United States and domestic and foreign partners in order to en-hance security capabilities at foreign airports, —assess TSA ability to enter into a mutual agreement with a foreign government entity to permit TSA representatives to conduct inspec-tions of foreign airports without prior notice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.041 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1969 April 26, 2016 
Through H.R. 4698: GAO will review TSA efforts to enhance se-curity capabilities at foreign airports and se-cure international-inbound aviation. TSA will submit to Congress a comprehen-sive workforce assessment of all TSA per-sonnel within its Office of Global Strategies or whose primary professional duties contribute to the TSA’s global efforts to secure transpor-tation security, including whether they are as-signed in a risk-based, intelligence-driven mat-ter. TSA may donate security screening equip-ment to a foreign last point of departure airport operator if the equipment can be expected to mitigate a specific vulnerability to U.S. security or U.S. citizens. TSA may evaluate foreign countries’ air cargo programs to determine whether they provide a level of security commensurate with that required by U.S. air cargo security pro-grams. Mr. Speaker, we cannot wait until our secu-rity is breached by terrorists before we act, otherwise we would not have learned the les-sons of September 11, 2001. I urge my colleagues on the Committee to join me in supporting this important step for-ward to protecting our airports. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4698, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROMOTING RESILIENCE AND EF-FICIENCY IN PREPARING FOR ATTACKS AND RESPONDING TO EMERGENCIES ACT Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3583) to reform and improve the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, the Office of Emergency Commu-nications, and the Office of Health Af-fairs of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3583 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act’’ or the ‘‘PREPARE Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—GRANTS, TRAINING, EXERCISES, AND COORDINATION Sec. 101. Memoranda of understanding. Sec. 102. Period of performance. Sec. 103. Operation Stonegarden. Sec. 104. Grants metrics. Sec. 105. Grant management best practices. Sec. 106. Administration and coordination of grants. Sec. 107. Funding prohibition. Sec. 108. Law enforcement terrorism preven-tion. Sec. 109. Allowable uses. Sec. 110. Maintenance of grant investments. Sec. 111. National Domestic Preparedness Consortium. Sec. 112. Rural Domestic Preparedness Con-sortium. Sec. 113. Emergency support functions. Sec. 114. Review of National Incident Man-agement System. Sec. 115. Approval of certain equipment. Sec. 116. Remedial action management pro-gram. TITLE II—COMMUNICATIONS Sec. 201. Office of Emergency Communica-tions. Sec. 202. Responsibilities of Office of Emer-gency Communications Direc-tor. Sec. 203. Annual reporting on activities of the Office of Emergency Com-munications. Sec. 204. National Emergency Communica-tions Plan. Sec. 205. Technical edits. Sec. 206. Public Safety Broadband Network. Sec. 207. Statewide interoperability coordi-nators. Sec. 208. Communications training. TITLE III—MEDICAL PREPAREDNESS Sec. 301. Pre-event anthrax vaccination pro-gram for emergency response providers. Sec. 302. Chief Medical Officer. Sec. 303. Medical Countermeasures Program. TITLE IV—MANAGEMENT Sec. 401. Mission support. Sec. 402. Systems modernization. Sec. 403. Strategic human capital plan. Sec. 404. Activities related to children. TITLE V—FLOOD INSURANCE CLAIMS PROCESS REFORMS Sec. 501. Claims adjustment and engineering reports. Sec. 502. Judicial review. TITLE I—GRANTS, TRAINING, EXERCISES, AND COORDINATION SEC. 101. MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 611 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2024. MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING WITH DEPARTMENTAL COMPO-NENTS AND OFFICES. 
‘‘The Administrator shall enter into memoranda of understanding with the heads of the following departmental components and offices delineating the roles and respon-sibilities of such components and offices re-garding the policy and guidance for grants under section 1406 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135), sections 2003 and 2004 of this Act, and section 70107 of title 46, United States Code, as appropriate: ‘‘(1) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(2) The Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(4) The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis. ‘‘(5) The Director of the Office of Emer-gency Communications. ‘‘(6) The Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement. ‘‘(7) The Countering Violent Extremism Coordinator. ‘‘(8) The Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. ‘‘(9) The heads of other components or of-fices of the Department, as determined by the Secretary.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2023 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2024. Memoranda of understanding with departmental components and offices.’’. 
SEC. 102. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE. 
(a) U RBAN AREASECURITY INITIATIVE .—Sec- tion 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (2) inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. (b) S
TATE HOMELAND SECURITY GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 2004 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing the new subsection: ‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. (c) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AS-
SISTANCE GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 1406 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act (6 U.S.C. 1135; Public Law 110–53) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsection (m) as sub-section (n); and (2) inserting after subsection (l) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(m) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. (d) P
ORTSECURITY GRANT PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 70107 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. (e) T
RIBAL SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM .— Section 2005 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 606) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsections (h) through (k) subsections (i) through (l), respectively; and (2) inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 103. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’. Under such pro-gram, the Secretary, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall make grants to eligible law enforcement agencies, through the State Administrative Agency, to enhance border security in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency shall— ‘‘(1) be located in— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.018 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1970 April 26, 2016 
‘‘(A) a State bordering either Canada or Mexico; or ‘‘(B) a State or territory with a maritime border; and ‘‘(2) be involved in an active, ongoing U.S. Customs and Border Protection operation co-ordinated through a sector office. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for any of the following: ‘‘(1) Equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs. ‘‘(2) Personnel, including overtime and backfill, in support of enhanced border law enforcement activities. ‘‘(3) Any activity permitted for Operation Stonegarden under the Department of Home-land Security’s Fiscal Year 2015 Homeland Security Grant Program Notice of Funding Opportunity. ‘‘(4) Any other appropriate activity, as de-termined by the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 for grants under this section. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—The Administrator shall an-nually for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report containing information on the expenditure of grants made under this section by each grant recipient.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of section 2002 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, through the Administrator, may award grants under sections 2003, 2004, and 2009 to State, local, and tribal governments, as ap-propriate.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. 
SEC. 104. GRANTS METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To determine the extent to which grants under sections 2003 and 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603 and 604) have closed capability gaps identified in State Preparedness Re-ports required under subsection (c) of section 652 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Manage-ment Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 752; title VI of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2007; Public Law 109–295) and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments from each State and high- risk urban area, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall conduct and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate an assessment of informa-tion provided in such Reports and Assess-ments. (b) A
SSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS .—The as- sessment required under subsection (a) shall include a comparison of successive State Preparedness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments from each State and high-risk urban area. 
SEC. 105. GRANT MANAGEMENT BEST PRACTICES. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall include in the annual Notice of Funding Opportunity relating to grants under sections 2003 and 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) an appendix that includes a summary of findings identified by the Of-fice of the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in audits of such grants and methods to address areas identi-fied for improvement and innovative prac-tices instituted by grant recipients. SEC. 106. ADMINISTRATION AND COORDINATION OF GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 2021 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 611) are amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any State or high-risk urban area receiving a grant under section 2003 or 2004 shall establish a State planning committee or urban area working group to assist in preparation and revision of the State, regional, or local homeland security plan or the threat and hazard identification and risk assessment, as the case may be, and to assist in determining effective funding priorities for grants under such sections 2003 and 2004. ‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The State planning committees and urban area working groups referred to in paragraph (1) shall include at least one representative from each of the fol-lowing significant stakeholders: ‘‘(A) Local or tribal government officials. ‘‘(B) Emergency response providers, includ-ing representatives of the fire service, law enforcement, emergency medical services, and emergency managers. ‘‘(C) Public health officials and other ap-propriate medical practitioners. ‘‘(D) Individuals representing educational institutions, including elementary schools, community colleges, and other institutions of higher education. ‘‘(E) State and regional interoperable com-munications coordinators, as appropriate. ‘‘(F) State and major urban area fusion centers, as appropriate.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of section 2021(b) (6 U.S.C. 611) is amended by inserting ‘‘or urban area working group, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘planning com-mittee’’. 
SEC. 107. FUNDING PROHIBITION. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may not implement the National Preparedness Grant Program or any successor grant pro-gram unless the Secretary receives prior au-thorization from Congress permitting such implementation. 
SEC. 108. LAW ENFORCEMENT TERRORISM PRE-VENTION. 
(a) L AWENFORCEMENT TERRORISM PREVEN -
TION PROGRAM .—Subsection (a) of section 2006 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘States and high-risk urban areas use’’ after ‘‘that’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘is used’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-graph (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) activities as determined appropriate by the Administrator, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement within the Office of Policy of the Department, through outreach to rel-evant stakeholder organizations.’’. (b) O
FFICE FOR STATE AND LOCAL LAWEN-
FORCEMENT .—Subsection (b)(4) of section 2006 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding through consultation with such agencies regarding Department programs that may impact such agencies’’ before the semicolon; and (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘en-sure’’ and inserting ‘‘certify’’. SEC. 109. ALLOWABLE USES. 
Subsection (a) of section 2008 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘including by working in con-junction with a National Laboratory (as de-fined in section 2(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801(3))),’’ after ‘‘plans,’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (13) as paragraphs (7) through (14), respec-tively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) enhancing medical preparedness, med-ical surge capacity, and mass prophylaxis ca-pabilities, including the development and maintenance of an initial pharmaceutical stockpile, including medical kits and diagnostics sufficient to protect first re-sponders, their families, immediate victims, and vulnerable populations from a chemical or biological event;’’; and (4) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘(a)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(11)’’. 
SEC. 110. MAINTENANCE OF GRANT INVEST-MENTS. 
Section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) M
AINTENANCE OF EQUIPMENT .—Any ap- plicant for a grant under section 2003 or 2004 seeking to use funds to purchase equipment, including pursuant to paragraphs (3), (4), (5), or (9) of subsection (a) of this section, shall by the time of the receipt of such grant de-velop a plan for the maintenance of such equipment over its life-cycle that includes information identifying which entity is re-sponsible for such maintenance.’’. 
SEC. 111. NATIONAL DOMESTIC PREPAREDNESS CONSORTIUM. 
Section 1204 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act (6 U.S.C. 1102) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by amending para-graphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) for the Center for Domestic Prepared-ness, $65,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017; and ‘‘(2) for the remaining Members of the Na-tional Domestic Preparedness Consortium, $98,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2015’’. 
SEC. 112. RURAL DOMESTIC PREPAREDNESS CONSORTIUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security is authorized to establish a Rural Domestic Preparedness Consortium within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity consisting of universities and nonprofit organizations qualified to provide training to emergency response providers from rural communities. (b) D
UTIES .—The Rural Domestic Prepared-ness Consortium authorized under subsection (a) shall identify, develop, test, and deliver training to State, local, and tribal emer-gency response providers from rural commu-nities, provide on-site and mobile training, and facilitate the delivery of training by the training partners of the Department of Homeland Security. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of amounts appropriated for Continuing Train-ing Grants of the Department of Homeland Security, $5,000,000 is authorized to be used for the Rural Domestic Preparedness Consor-tium authorized under subsection (a). 
SEC. 113. EMERGENCY SUPPORT FUNCTIONS. 
(a) U PDATE .—Paragraph (13) of section 504(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 314(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, peri-odically updating (but not less often than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1971 April 26, 2016 
once every five years),’’ after ‘‘admin-istering’’. (b) E
MERGENCY SUPPORT FUNCTIONS .—Sec- tion 653 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Man-agement Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 753; title VI of the Department of Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Act, 2007; Public Law 109–295) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION .—The President, acting through the Administrator, shall develop and provide to Federal departments and agencies with coordinating, primary, or sup-porting responsibilities under the National Response Framework performance metrics to ensure readiness to execute responsibil-ities under the emergency support functions of such Framework.’’. 
SEC. 114. REVIEW OF NATIONAL INCIDENT MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEM. 
Paragraph (2) of section 509(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 319(b)) is amended, in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by inserting ‘‘, but not less often than once every five years,’’ after ‘‘periodi-cally’’. 
SEC. 115. APPROVAL OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT. 
Section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) R
EVIEW PROCESS .—The Administrator shall develop and implement a uniform proc-ess for reviewing applications to use grants provided under section 2003 or 2004 to pur-chase equipment or systems not included on the Authorized Equipment List maintained by the Administrator.’’. 
SEC. 116. REMEDIAL ACTION MANAGEMENT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 650 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 750; title VI of the Department of Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Act, 2007; Public Law 109–295) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 650. REMEDIAL ACTION MANAGEMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in coordination with the National Council on Disability and the National Advisory Coun-cil, shall establish a remedial action man-agement program to— ‘‘(1) analyze training, exercises, and real world events to identify lessons learned, cor-rective actions, and best practices; ‘‘(2) generate and disseminate, as appro-priate, the lessons learned, corrective ac-tions, and best practices referred to in para-graph (1); and ‘‘(3) conduct remedial action tracking and long term trend analysis. ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL CORRECTIVE ACTIONS .—The Administrator, in coordination with the heads of appropriate Federal departments and agencies, shall utilize the program es-tablished in subsection (a) to collect infor-mation on corrective actions identified by such Federal departments and agencies dur-ing exercises and the response to natural dis-asters, acts of terrorism, and other man- made disasters, and shall, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section and annually thereafter for each of the next four years, submit to Congress a re-port on the status of such corrective actions. ‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION OF AFTER ACTION RE-
PORTS .—The Administrator shall provide electronically, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, to Congress and Federal, State, local, tribal, and private sector officials after-action reports and information on les-sons learned and best practices from re-sponses to acts of terrorism, natural disas-ters, capstone exercises conducted under the national exercise program under section 648(b), and other emergencies or exercises.’’. TITLE II—COMMUNICATIONS SEC. 201. OFFICE OF EMERGENCY COMMUNICA-TIONS. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may not change the location or reporting struc-ture of the Office of Emergency Communica-tions of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity unless the Secretary receives prior au-thorization from the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate permitting such change. 
SEC. 202. RESPONSIBILITIES OF OFFICE OF EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS DI-RECTOR. 
Subsection (c) of section 1801 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 571) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (15) as paragraphs (3) through (14), respec-tively; (3) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘, in cooperation with the National Communications System,’’; (4) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the Homeland Security Council,’’; (5) in paragraph (12) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Grants and Training’’ and in-serting ‘‘Assistant Administrator of the Grant Programs Directorate of the Federal Emergency Management Agency’’; (6) in paragraph (13), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (7) by adding after paragraph (14), as so re-designated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) administer the Government Emer-gency Telecommunications Service (GETS) and Wireless Priority Service (WPS) pro-grams, or successor programs; and ‘‘(16) assess the impact of emerging tech-nologies on interoperable emergency com-munications.’’. 
SEC. 203. ANNUAL REPORTING ON ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF EMERGENCY COM-MUNICATIONS. 
Subsection (f) of section 1801 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 571) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORTING OF OFFICE ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Director of the Office of Emer-gency Communications shall, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this subsection and annually thereafter for each of the next four years, report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate on the activities and pro-grams of the Office, including specific infor-mation on efforts to carry out paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) of subsection (c).’’. 
SEC. 204. NATIONAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICA-TIONS PLAN. 
Section 1802 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 572) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘, and in cooperation with the Department of National Communications System (as appropriate),’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, but not less than once every five years,’’ after ‘‘periodically’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (10) as paragraphs (4) through (11), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) consider the impact of emerging tech-nologies on the attainment of interoperable emergency communications;’’. 
SEC. 205. TECHNICAL EDITS. 
Title XVIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) in subsection (d) of section 1801 (6 U.S.C. 571) by— (A) striking paragraph (2); and (B) redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (2) in paragraph (1) of section 1804(b) (6 U.S.C. 574(b)), in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘Assistant Sec-retary for Grants and Planning’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Assistant Administrator of the Grant Programs Directorate of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’’. SEC. 206. PUBLIC SAFETY BROADBAND NET-WORK. 
The Undersecretary of the National Pro-tection and Programs Directorate of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate information on the Department of Homeland Security’s re-sponsibilities related to the development of the nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network authorized in section 6202 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1422; Public Law 112–96), including information on efforts by the De-partment to work with the First Responder Network Authority of the Department of Commerce to identify and address cyber risks that could impact the near term or long term availability and operations of such network and recommendations to mitigate such risks. 
SEC. 207. STATEWIDE INTEROPERABILITY COOR-DINATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 2004(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605(b)) is amended by— (1) redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and (2) inserting after subparagraph (A) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(B)(i) certification that the Governor of the State has designated a Statewide Inter-operability Coordinator, including identi-fication in such certification of the indi-vidual so designated, who shall be respon-sible for— ‘‘(I) coordinating the daily operations of the State’s interoperability efforts; ‘‘(II) coordinating State interoperability and communications projects and grant ap-plications for such projects; ‘‘(III) establishing and maintaining work-ing groups to develop and implement key interoperability initiatives; and ‘‘(IV) coordinating and updating, as nec-essary, a Statewide Communications Inter-operability Plan that specifies the current status of State efforts to enhance commu-nications interoperability within the State, including progress, modifications, or set-backs, and future goals for communications interoperability among emergency response agencies in the State; or ‘‘(ii) if a Statewide Interoperability Coor-dinator has not been designated in accord-ance with clause (i)— ‘‘(I) certification that the State is per-forming in another manner the functions de-scribed in subclauses (I) through (IV) of such clause; and ‘‘(II) identification in such certification of an individual who has been designated by the State as the primary point of contact for performance of such functions;’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to any grant for which an application was submitted under the State Homeland Security Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605) before the date of the en-actment of this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1972 April 26, 2016 
SEC. 208. COMMUNICATIONS TRAINING. 
The Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the appropriate component heads, shall develop a mechanism, consistent with the strategy required pursuant to the Department of Homeland Security Interoper-able Communications Act (Public Law 114– 29), to verify that radio users within the De-partment receive initial and ongoing train-ing on the use of the radio systems of such components, including interagency radio use protocols. TITLE III—MEDICAL PREPAREDNESS 
SEC. 301. PRE-EVENT ANTHRAX VACCINATION PROGRAM FOR EMERGENCY RE-SPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) A NTHRAX PREPAREDNESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 526. ANTHRAX PREPAREDNESS. 
‘‘(a) P RE-EVENT ANTHRAX VACCINATION  P
ROGRAM FOR EMERGENCY RESPONSE PRO-
VIDERS .—For the purpose of domestic pre-paredness for and collective response to ter-rorism, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall establish a program to provide anthrax vaccines from the strategic national stock-pile under section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) that will be nearing the end of their labeled dates of use at the time such vaccines are to be ad-ministered to emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax and who voluntarily consent to such admin-istration, and shall— ‘‘(1) establish any necessary logistical and tracking systems to facilitate making such vaccines so available; ‘‘(2) distribute disclosures regarding asso-ciated benefits and risks to end users; and ‘‘(3) conduct outreach to educate emer-gency response providers about the vol-untary program. ‘‘(b) T
HREAT ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) support homeland security-focused risk analysis and risk assessments of the threats posed by anthrax from an act of ter-ror; ‘‘(2) leverage existing and emerging home-land security intelligence capabilities and structures to enhance prevention, protec-tion, response, and recovery efforts with re-spect to an anthrax terror attack; and ‘‘(3) share information and provide tailored analytical support on threats posed by an-thrax to State, local, and tribal authorities, as well as other national biosecurity and bio-defense stakeholders.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting at the end of the items relating to title V the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 526. Anthrax preparedness.’’. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pre- event vaccination program authorized in subsection (a) of section 526 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section, the Secretary of Home-land Security, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a pilot program to provide anthrax vaccines to emergency response providers as so authorized. The duration of the pilot pro-gram shall be 24 months from the date the initial vaccines are administered to partici-pants. (2) P
RELIMINARY REQUIREMENTS .—Prior to implementing the pilot program under para-graph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall— (A) establish a communication platform for such pilot program; (B) establish education and training mod-ules for such pilot program; (C) conduct economic analysis of such pilot program; and (D) create a logistical platform for the an-thrax vaccine request process under such pilot program. (3) LOCATION .—In carrying out the pilot program under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall select emergency response providers based in at least two States for participation in such pilot pro-gram. (4) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall pro-vide to each emergency response provider who participates in the pilot program under paragraph (1) disclosures and educational materials regarding the associated benefits and risks of any vaccine provided under such pilot program and of exposure to anthrax. (5) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and an-nually thereafter until one year after the completion of the pilot program under para-graph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the progress and re-sults of such pilot program, including the percentage of eligible emergency response providers, as determined by each pilot loca-tion, that volunteer to participate, the de-gree to which participants obtain necessary vaccinations, as appropriate, and rec-ommendations to improve initial and recur-rent participation in such pilot program. Each such report shall include a discussion of plans to continue such pilot program to provide vaccines to emergency response pro-viders under subsection (a) of section 526 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section. (6) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall begin implementing the pilot program under para-graph (1) by not later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 302. CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 516 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321e) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and shall establish medical and human, animal, and occupational health ex-posure policy, guidance, strategies, and ini-tiatives,’’ before ‘‘including—’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, includ-ing advice on how to prepare for, protect against, respond to, recover from, and miti-gate against the medical effects of terrorist attacks or other high consequence events utilizing chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents or explosives’’; (3) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, includ-ing coordinating the Department’s policy, strategy and preparedness for pandemics and emerging infectious diseases’’; (4) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘emer-gency medical services and medical first re-sponder stakeholders,’’ after ‘‘the medical community’’; (5) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (6) by adding after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(8) ensuring that the workforce of the De-partment has evidence-based policy, stand-ards, requirements, and metrics for occupa-tional health and operational medicine pro-grams; ‘‘(9) directing and maintaining a coordi-nated system for medical support for the De-partment’s operational activities; ‘‘(10) providing oversight of the Depart-ment’s medical programs and providers, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) reviewing and maintaining verification of the accreditation of the De-partment’s health provider workforce; ‘‘(B) developing quality assurance and clin-ical policy, requirements, standards, and metrics for all medical and health activities of the Department; ‘‘(C) providing oversight of medical records systems for employees and individuals in the Department’s care and custody; and ‘‘(D) providing medical direction for emer-gency medical services activities of the De-partment; and ‘‘(11) as established under section 527, maintaining a medical countermeasures stockpile and dispensing system, as nec-essary, to facilitate personnel readiness, and protection for working animals, employees, and individuals in the Department’s care and custody in the event of a chemical, biologi-cal, radiological, nuclear, or explosives at-tack, naturally occurring disease outbreak, or pandemic.’’. (b) MEDICAL LIAISONS .—The Chief Medical Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity may provide medical liaisons to the components of the Department to provide subject matter expertise on medical and pub-lic health issues and a direct link to the Chief Medical Officer. Such expertise may in-clude the following: (1) Providing guidance on health and med-ical aspects of policy, planning, operations, and workforce health protection. (2) Identifying and resolving component medical issues. (3) Supporting the development and align-ment of medical and health systems. (4) Identifying common gaps in medical and health standards, policy, and guidance, and enterprise solutions to bridge such gaps. 
SEC. 303. MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.), as amended by section 301 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 527. MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a medical countermeasures program to facilitate personnel readiness, and protec-tion for working animals, employees, and in-dividuals in the Department’s care and cus-tody, in the event of a chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, or explosives attack, naturally occurring disease outbreak, or pandemic, and to support Department mis-sion continuity. ‘‘(b) O
VERSIGHT .—The Chief Medical Offi-cer, established under section 516, shall pro-vide programmatic oversight of the medical countermeasures program established pursu-ant to subsection (a), and shall— ‘‘(1) develop Department-wide standards for medical countermeasure storage, secu-rity, dispensing, and documentation; ‘‘(2) maintain a stockpile of medical coun-termeasures, including antibiotics, antivirals, and radiological counter-measures, as appropriate; ‘‘(3) preposition appropriate medical coun-termeasures in strategic locations nation-wide, based on threat and employee density, in accordance with applicable Federal stat-utes and regulations; ‘‘(4) provide oversight and guidance on dis-pensing of stockpiled medical counter-measures; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1973 April 26, 2016 
‘‘(5) ensure rapid deployment and dis-pensing of medical countermeasures in a chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, or explosives attack, naturally occurring disease outbreak, or pandemic; ‘‘(6) provide training to Department em-ployees on medical countermeasure dis-pensing; and ‘‘(7) support dispensing exercises. ‘‘(c) M
EDICAL COUNTERMEASURES WORKING  G
ROUP .—The Chief Medical Officer shall es-tablish a medical countermeasures working group comprised of representatives from ap-propriate components and offices of the De-partment to ensure that medical counter-measures standards are maintained and guid-ance is consistent. ‘‘(d) M
EDICAL COUNTERMEASURES MANAGE -
MENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Chief Medical Officer shall develop and submit to the Secretary an integrated logistics support plan for medical countermeasures, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) a methodology for determining the ideal types and quantities of medical coun-termeasures to stockpile and how frequently such methodology shall be reevaluated; ‘‘(2) a replenishment plan; and ‘‘(3) inventory tracking, reporting, and rec-onciliation procedures for existing stockpiles and new medical countermeasure purchases. ‘‘(e) S
TOCKPILE ELEMENTS .—In determining the types and quantities of medical counter-measures to stockpile under subsection (d), the Chief Medical Officer shall utilize, if available— ‘‘(1) Department chemical, biological, radi-ological, and nuclear risk assessments; and ‘‘(2) Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention guidance on medical counter-measures. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—No later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Chief Medical Officer shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate on progress in achieving the requirements of this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by section 301 of this Act, is further amended by inserting at the end of the items relating to title V the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 527. Medical countermeasures.’’. TITLE IV—MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 401. MISSION SUPPORT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall designate an individual to serve as the chief management official and principal ad-visor to the Administrator on matters re-lated to the management of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, including management integration in support of emer-gency management operations and programs. (b) M
ISSION AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, acting through the of-ficial designated pursuant to subsection (a), shall be responsible for the management and administration of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, including with respect to the following: (1) Procurement. (2) Human resources and personnel. (3) Information technology and commu-nications systems. (4) Real property investment and planning, facilities, accountable personal property (in-cluding fleet and other material resources), records and disclosure, privacy, safety and health, and sustainability and environ-mental management. (5) Security for personnel, information technology and communications systems, fa-cilities, property, equipment, and other ma-terial resources. (6) Any other management duties that the Administrator may designate. (c) MOUNT WEATHER EMERGENCY OPER-
ATIONS AND ASSOCIATED FACILITIES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting or otherwise affecting the role or responsi-bility of the Assistant Administrator for Na-tional Continuity with respect to the mat-ters described in subsection (b) as they relate to the Mount Weather Emergency Oper-ations Center and associated facilities. The management and administration of the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Cen-ter and associated facilities remains the re-sponsibility of the Assistant Administrator for National Continuity. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a re-port that includes— (1) a review of financial, human capital, in-formation technology, real property plan-ning, and acquisition management of head-quarters and all regional offices of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency; and (2) a strategy for capturing financial, human capital, information technology, real property planning, and acquisition data. 
SEC. 402. SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s efforts to modernize its grants and financial informa-tion technology systems, including the fol-lowing: (1) A summary of all previous efforts to modernize such systems. (2) An assessment of long term cost savings and efficiencies gained through such mod-ernization effort. (3) A capability needs assessment. (4) Estimated quarterly costs. (5) Estimated acquisition life cycle dates, including acquisition decision events. 
SEC. 403. STRATEGIC HUMAN CAPITAL PLAN. 
Subsection (c) of section 10107 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 404. ACTIVITIES RELATED TO CHILDREN. 
Paragraph (2) of section 503(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 313(b)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) integrate the needs of children into the Agency’s activities to prepare for, pro-tect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate against natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters, in-cluding by appointing a technical expert to coordinate such activities, as necessary.’’. TITLE V—FLOOD INSURANCE CLAIMS PROCESS REFORMS 
SEC. 501. CLAIMS ADJUSTMENT AND ENGINEER-ING REPORTS. 
Section 1312 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4019) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-sections: ‘‘(d) FINAL ENGINEERING REPORTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall require that, in the case of any on-site inspection of a property by an engineer for the purpose of assessing any claim for losses covered by a policy for flood insurance coverage provided under this title, the final engineering report shall be provided to the insured under the policy, as follows: ‘‘(1) T
IMING .—The final engineering report may not be transmitted to any other person, employer, agency, or entity, before it is transmitted to the insured. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON ALTERATIONS ; CERTIFI -
CATION .—The final engineering report may not include alterations by, or at the request of, anyone other than the responsible in charge for such report and shall include a certification, signed by the responsible in charge for the report, that it does not con-tain any such alterations. ‘‘(3) T
RANSMITTAL .—The final engineering report shall be transmitted to the insured in a manner as the Administrator shall provide that provides reasonable assurance that it was transmitted directly to the insured by the responsible in charge. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS COVERED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘final engineering report’ means an engineering report, survey, or other document in connection with such claim that— ‘‘(A) is based on such on-site inspection; ‘‘(B) contains final conclusions with re-spect to an engineering issue or issues in-volved in such claim; and ‘‘(C) is signed by the responsible in charge or affixed with the seal of such responsible in charge, or both. ‘‘(e) C
LAIMS ADJUSTMENT REPORTS .—The Administrator shall require that, in the case of any on-site inspection of a property by a claims adjustor for the purpose of assessing any claim for losses covered by a policy for flood insurance coverage provided under this title, any report shall be provided to the in-sured under the policy, as follows: ‘‘(1) T
IMING .—Such report may not be transmitted to any other person, employer, agency, or entity, before it is transmitted to the insured. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON ALTERATIONS ; CERTIFI -
CATION .—The report may not include alter-ations by, or at the request of, anyone other than such preparer and shall include a cer-tification, signed by the preparer of the re-port, that it does not contain any such alter-ations. ‘‘(3) T
RANSMITTAL .—The report shall be transmitted to the insured in a manner as the Administrator shall provide that pro-vides reasonable assurance that it was trans-mitted directly to the insured by the pre-parer. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS COVERED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘report’ means any report or document in connection with such claim that is based on such on-site inspec-tion by the claims adjustor, including any adjustment report and field report. Such term also includes any draft, preliminary version, or copy of any such report and any amendments or additions to any such report. Such term does not include any engineering report, as such term is defined for purposes of subsection (d).’’. 
SEC. 502. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) G OVERNMENT PROGRAM WITHINDUSTRY  A
SSISTANCE .—Section 1341 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4072) is amended by striking ‘‘within one year after the date of mailing of notice of disallowance or partial disallowance by the Adminis-trator’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘not later than the expiration of the 2-year period beginning upon the date of the occurrence of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1974 April 26, 2016 
the losses involved in such claim or, in the case of a denial of a claim for losses that is appealed to the Administrator, not later than (1) the expiration of the 90-day period beginning upon the date of a final determina-tion upon appeal denying such claim in whole or in part, or (2) the expiration of such 2-year period, whichever is later’’. (b) I
NDUSTRY PROGRAM WITHFEDERAL FI-
NANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1333 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4053) is amended by striking ‘‘within one year after the date of mailing of notice of disallowance or partial disallowance of the claim’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘not later than the expiration of the 2-year period beginning upon the date of the occurrence of the losses involved in such claim or, in the case of a denial of a claim for losses that is appealed to the Administrator, not later than (1) the expiration of the 90-day period beginning upon the date of a final determina-tion upon appeal denying such claim in whole or in part, or (2) the expiration of such 2-year period, whichever is later’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3583, the Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies, or PREPARE Act, which I introduced dur-ing my tenure as chairman of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Sub-committee on Emergency Prepared-ness, Response, and Communications. The PREPARE Act is part of the Committee on Homeland Security’s ef-fort to authorize and ensure the effi-ciency of the Department of Homeland Security’s operations. The provisions of this bill were informed by the sub-committee’s oversight this Congress and discussions with stakeholders. This was a bipartisan process, and I am pleased that the subcommittee’s ranking member, Congressman P
AYNE , joined me in sponsoring this bill. This bill is an example of how we should be working together in Congress to get things done. The PREPARE Act makes a number of improvements to the operations at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Office of Health Affairs, and Office of Emergency Communications. The bill authorizes, for the first time, Operation Stonegarden, which provides grants to law enforcement agencies along the border to enhance border se-curity. These funds are vital to the se-curity of border communities, like the ones in my district in southern Ari-zona. We must ensure that grant programs like the State Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Areas Security Initiative are providing a re-turn on investment and assisting in the closure of capability gaps. That is why the bill requires FEMA to analyze data included in yearly State Preparedness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identi-fication and Risk Assessments to gauge year-over-year improvements. The bill also requires FEMA to share information on grants management best practices with grant recipients so that they may benefit from innovative practices used by other grantees. In ad-dition, the bill sets the period of per-formance for these grant programs at 3 years, to ensure grant recipients have sufficient time to make sound invest-ments. To ensure FEMA is operating effi-ciently and effectively, the bill re-quires the Administrator to designate an individual to serve as FEMA’s chief management official and take steps to address the findings and recommenda-tions of a number of GAO reports. The bill also requires FEMA to update its strategic human capital plan so it has the workforce it needs to complete its important mission. It is vital that our Nation’s first re-sponders have the tools that they need to communicate. That is why the bill seeks to ensure that the First Re-sponder Network Authority and the Department of Homeland Security work together to secure the nationwide public safety broadband network that is under development against cyberattacks. After hearing much concern from first responders who rely on the tech-nical assistance and programming of the Office of Emergency Communica-tion, the bill prohibits the Secretary of Homeland Security from reorganizing OEC without prior authorization. b1715 A 2015 GAO review of interoperability at the Department noted that CBP and ICE personnel reported the lack of interoperability along the border re-sulted in missed apprehensions and jeopardized agent safety. As a result, the bill requires the De-partment of Homeland Security to en-sure that DHS’ radio users, such as Border Patrol agents, CBP officers, and ICE agents receive ongoing training on the use of radio systems, including interagency radio use protocols. This provision builds upon legislation signed into the law by the President that requires DHS to develop a strat-egy to achieve and maintain interoper-ability among its components. To address the chemical and biologi-cal threats we face, the PREPARE Act authorizes responsibilities of the De-partment’s Chief Medical Officer and establishes a pilot program to provide anthrax vaccines to first responders on a voluntary basis. I want to thank my successor, Chair-man Donovan, for his leadership in continuing to shepherd the PREPARE Act to the floor today. I would also like to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman U PTON , and Chair-man H
ENSARLING for working with us to advance this bill. Mr. Speaker, the PREPARE Act builds efficiencies and increases coordi-nation for preparedness improvements while providing greater accountability for taxpayers. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 10, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act’’. This legis-lation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 3583, the Committee on ‘‘Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Committee report for H.R. 3583, as well as in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Com-mittee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 11, 2016. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Pro-moting Resilience and Efficiency in Pre-paring for Attacks and Responding to Emer-gencies Act’’ or ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ I appre-ciate your support in bringing this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1975 April 26, 2016 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on H.R. 3583 as well as the Congres-sional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, March 11, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write regarding H.R. 3583, the ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ Although the bill was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way altered. In addi-tion, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 3583 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3583 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, F
REDUPTON , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 11, 2016. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3583, the ‘‘PRE-PARE Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Energy and Commerce for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, March 22, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing con-cerning H.R. 3583, the Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 3583 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3583 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC. April 6, 2016. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Pro-moting Resilience and Efficiency in Pre-paring for Attacks and Responding to Emer-gencies Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand the Committee on Financial Services will forgo action on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by forgoing action on this bill, the Committee on Financial Services does not waive any ju-risdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the fu-ture. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have the Committee on Financial Services represented on the conference com-mittee. I will insert copies of this exchange into the Congressional Record during consider-ation of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3853, the Promoting Resilience and Effi-ciency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3583, the Promoting Re-silience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emer-gencies Act, also known as the PRE-PARE Act. Before I begin, I would like to com-mend former Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee Chairperson M
CSALLY  and Ranking Member P
AYNE , Jr., for their close collaboration in developing this legislation. H.R. 3583 is the product of extensive bipartisan oversight carried out by the subcommittee and will make commu-nities better prepared to respond to manmade and natural disasters. In particular, this measure makes a number of improvements related to the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’s administration of the Homeland Security Grant Program, authorizes activities of the National Domestic Preparedness Consortium and the Rural Domestic Preparedness Consor-tium, and addresses ongoing interoper-ability challenges both within the De-partment of Homeland Security and the State and local level. A provision I authored at the full committee to improve the Homeland Security Grant Program is also in-cluded. That provision directs FEMA to enter into a memorandum of under-standing with the DHS’ Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties regarding policy and guidance in the Urban Areas Security Initiative and the State Homeland Security Grant Program. Under current grant guidance, grant-ees are permitted to use funding for ac-tivities related to countering violent extremism. By requiring FEMA to consult with DHS’ Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties in developing its grant guid-ance related to CVE, we will ensure that the activities carried out by the grantees do not target ordinary citi-zens simply because of their religion or ethnic background. Additionally, to address short-comings of the National Incident Man-agement System, commonly called NIMS, revealed at a series of full com-mittee hearings examining the heroic response of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, the committee accepted an amendment I authored requiring FEMA to review and revise NIMS once every 5 years. Regular review of NIMS will ensure that its protocols are responsive to the current threat environment, incident management requirements, and lessons learned from previous incidents. Finally, the bill includes important provisions to improve Federal inter-operable communications capabilities added by Subcommittee Ranking Mem-ber PAYNE , Jr. To improve interoperable commu-nications on the State and local level, H.R. 3583 includes Mr. P
AYNE ’s State-wide Interoperable Communications Act, which facilitates coordination of emergency communication purchases and policies within a State. The bill also addresses interoper-ability challenges at DHS by requiring that the Undersecretary for Manage-ment verify that all radio users at the Department receive initial and ongoing training in the use of DHS’ radio sys-tems. I commend Ranking Member P
AYNE , Jr., on his work on the bill and his on-going efforts to address the interoper-ability challenges that continue to hamstring Federal, State, and local first responders. H.R. 3583 will go far in helping first responders do their job better and safer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.022 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1976 April 26, 2016 
and will make our communities better prepared and more resilient. I urge my colleagues to support the PREPARE Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONO-
VAN), the chairman of the Sub-committee on Emergency Prepared-ness, Response, and Communications. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman M
CSALLY for yielding. As chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3583, the PRE-PARE Act, of which I am pleased to be an original sponsor. Introduced by the subcommittee’s former Chairwoman, Representative M
CSALLY , the PREPARE Act seeks to enhance accountability at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Of-fice of Emergency Communications, and Office of Health Affairs at the De-partment of Homeland Security. The Emergency Preparedness, Re-sponse, and Communications Sub-committee is fortunate to work with a very engaged stakeholder community, and many of the provisions of this bill were formed through hearings, brief-ings, and meetings with those stake-holders. For example, the bill sets the period of performance for a number of grant programs at 3 years. We heard from nu-merous stakeholder groups that FEMA’s reduction of the period of per-formance from 3 years to 2 years inhib-ited their ability to make meaningful grant investments. I am pleased that FEMA has changed the period of performance back to 3 years, and the PREPARE Act codifies that timeline. The PREPARE Act prohibits FEMA from implementing its National Pre-paredness Grant Program proposal, which was widely opposed by first re-sponders. It seeks to ensure greater outreach by the Department to law enforcement agencies through the Office of State and local law enforcement. It prohibits the Undersecretary of National Protection and Programs Di-rectorate from reorganizing or chang-ing the location of the Office of Emer-gency Communications without au-thorization of Congress. Stakeholder groups such as the Inter-national Association of Chiefs of Po-lice, International Association of Fire Chiefs, Major Cities Chiefs, and Na-tional Sheriffs’ Association have ex-pressed their great concern about the impact this proposed reorganization would have on the Office of Emergency Communications and its work with first responders to achieve and main-tain interoperability communications. It authorizes the National Domestic Preparedness Consortium, which pro-vides vital training for first responders, and it authorizes a voluntary anthrax vaccination program for first respond-ers to help protect those who protect us. The PREPARE Act also includes flood insurance provisions of great im-portance to my constituents. Superstorm Sandy devastated Staten Island and South Brooklyn 31⁄2years ago, claiming dozens of lives and de-stroying thousands of homes. Unfortunately, since then, my con-stituents have gone through the storm after the storm. Damage inspectors shamelessly doctored their reports to blame pre-existing conditions for Sandy’s destruction, cheating Sandy victims out of insurance proceedings they rightfully deserved. By applying lessons learned in the aftermath of that fateful day, title V of the PREPARE Act will make two im-portant improvements to the National Flood Insurance Program. First, this legislation will empower and protect policyholders by requiring engineers and inspectors employed to assess flood insurance claims to pro-vide policyholders with copies of the reports listing flood damage to their homes. This will prevent fraud and in-crease efficiency and transparency by giving policyholders more information about their claims at a critical stage in the process. Second, this legislation will improve the flood insurance claims appeal proc-ess by fixing an archaic and confusing court filing deadline that prevents pol-icyholders from using the FEMA ap-peals process for fear of missing their opportunity to seek relief in Federal court. The bill will set a firm start date for the claim’s statute of limitations and pause the statute of limitations while policyholders pursue their appeal at the agency level. Ultimately, this legislation will re-duce costly litigation, saving taxpayers and policyholders money. I am pleased to work with Chair-woman M
CSALLY and Ranking Member P
AYNE on this bipartisan legislation. I would like to thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for their leadership in moving it forward. I would particularly like to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Sub-committee Chairman L
UETKEMEYER of the Financial Services Committee for working with me to advance the flood insurance process reforms in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 3583. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3583 seeks to re-solve gaps in the Department of Home-land Security’s efforts to build State and local capabilities to prevent, pro-tect against, and respond to manmade and natural disasters. Again, this bipartisan legislation is a product of careful oversight and sig-nificant stakeholder outreach. I urge my colleagues to support the PRE-PARE Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3583. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Promoting Resil-ience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act (PRE-PARE Act/H.R. 3583). In addition to enhanc-ing accountability at the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the Office of Emergency Communications, and the Office of Health Affairs at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), this legislation makes critical reforms to the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram’s (NFIP) claims process. Nearly three and a half years have passed since Superstorm Sandy devastated New Jer-sey, New York, and other parts of the North-east, yet thousands of victims are still fighting for fair and equitable treatment from the NFIP. Following Sandy, these homeowners were fur-ther victimized by the unconscionable mis-conduct of certain insurance companies and engineering firms who defrauded them, all of which was enabled by FEMA’s inadequate control and oversight. The Sandy Claims Review Process was launched after my colleagues and I pushed FEMA to reopen a robust and thorough claims process to review all potential Sandy-related underpayments. To date, over 19,000 NFIP policyholders have entered the review proc-ess. More than 7,000 policyholders have been offered additional claims payments, with over $46 million in actual payments made and over $89 million in proposed payments. Home-owners who pursued litigation outside of the claims process have received nearly $160 mil-lion in settlements. Those who dutifully paid their premiums with the expectation that the NFIP would be there following a disaster deserve every penny owed to them. The tens of millions of dollars paid out thus far should have been in the hands of policyholders years ago. These homeowners were betrayed following Sandy, and reforms are necessary to restore con-sumer trust and taxpayer confidence in the NFIP. In a report released last month, the DHS Of-fice of Inspector General (OIG) found that FEMA does not provide adequate oversight of its NFIP Write Your Own (WYO) Program. As a result, FEMA ‘‘is unable to ensure that WYO companies are properly implementing the NFIP and is unable to identify systemic prob-lems in the program. Furthermore, without adequate internal controls in place, FEMA’s NFIP funds may be at risk for fraud, waste, abuse, or mismanagement.’’ Of particular concern are altered or falsified engineering reports that resulted in dramati-cally lower claim payments for Sandy victims. Last year, 60 Minutes’ ‘‘The Storm after the Storm’’ reported on allegations of engineering reports receiving drastic alterations after being submitted to the insurer by the on-site engi-neer inspector. FEMA’s then-Deputy Associate Administrator for Insurance told 60 Minutes that he was not going to ‘‘conceal that fact that it happened. Because in the last three weeks, I’ve seen evidence of it.’’ This was subsequently confirmed in delegation briefings I hosted with FEMA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.046 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1977 April 26, 2016 
Title V of the PREPARE Act will require any final engineering reports and/or claims adjust-ment reports—certified and free of alter-ations—to be provided to the policyholder first, before any employer or agency. It also amends the claims appeal process to provide policyholders with more time to consider legal remedies. Together these provisions will help reform a fundamentally broken system and provide policyholders with the transparency and fairness they are entitled to throughout the NFIP claims process. FEMA must deliver on its promises. That begins with the completion of the ongoing Sandy Claims Review Process and a resolu-tion to Sandy-related litigation. Every sus-pected instance of fraud must be investigated and bad actors must be expelled. FEMA must closely monitor the performance of specific in-spectors and adjustors that may not be illegal, but simply shoddy and incompetent. The NFIP Transformation Task Force must continue its implementation of OIG’s seven recommenda-tions to improve its oversight. Together with the PREPARE Act, these actions can restore accountability and ensure lasting reform. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for At-tacks and Responding to Emergencies Act,’’ also known as the ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ I became Ranking Member of the Emer-gency Preparedness Subcommittee in the be-ginning of 2013. I took on that position because I represent the 10th Congressional of New Jersey, which according to the New York Times, encom-passes the two most dangerous miles in America. From major mass transit arteries and chem-ical facilities to homes and schools, my district is vulnerable to a variety of man-made and natural disasters. Our community’s first responders must be prepared to respond to every worst-case sce-nario. That is why I was proud to work with Ms. M
CSALLY to author the ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ In my capacity as Ranking Member of the Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee, I have had the opportunity to hear from first re-sponders and emergency managers across the country, as well as doctors, public health experts, and individuals advocating to ensure the needs of children are incorporated into dis-aster response plans. I am pleased to say that H.R. 3583 is re-sponsive to the calls to action we have heard on the Emergency Preparedness Sub-committee. For example, the Subcommittee has con-ducted extensive oversight of progress related to interoperable communications, and we have learned that the important governance struc-tures—developed with support of the Inter-operable Emergency Communications Grant Program—have suffered since the program was eliminated in 2011. To preserve the progress States have made on emergency communications planning and coordination, H.R. 3583 includes my Statewide Interoperable Communications Enhancement Act, which passed the House as a stand-alone measure in July. H.R. 3583 also includes language I offered to address communications training gaps at DHS by requiring all radio users to receive ini-tial and ongoing training consistent with the DHS Interoperable Communications Strategy, which was required under legislation I wrote last year. The ‘‘PREPARE Act’’ also makes important progress in the area of biopreparedness, par-ticularly related to improving how DHS man-ages its medical countermeasures program and establishing a voluntary anthrax vaccina-tion program for first responders. To address concerns the Subcommittee heard from organizations like Save the Chil-dren related to the unique needs of children during disasters, the Committee accepted an amendment I offered directing FEMA to ap-point a technical expert to ensure that children are incorporated into disaster preparedness, planning, response, and recovery activities. As the father of triplets, I have worked hard to improve the way the Federal government helps schools keep children safe during disas-ters and to address gaps in disaster planning that affect children. I appreciate the Commit-tee’s support for my efforts to ensure H.R. 3583 improves the way the needs of children are integrated into emergency planning. Finally, the bill guarantees homeland secu-rity grant program recipients three years to use their grant funds, which will help ensure that limited funds are spent effectively and de-liberately. H.R. 3583 also includes common-sense pro-visions requiring grantees to have mainte-nance plans in place before using Federal money to procure important emergency re-sponse equipment, directing FEMA to include grant management best practices in its annual Notice of Funding Opportunity, and charging FEMA to provide information to Congress on how grant funds are closing capability gaps. On the subject of the Homeland Security Grant Program, I would like to once again, on the record, voice my opposition to the funding cuts proposed in the President’s FY 2017 budget request. First responders across the country have made clear over and over again that these im-portant grant dollars are critical to building and maintaining preparedness and response capa-bilities. State and local governments are already struggling to absorb cuts to homeland security grant funding that have occurred over the last decade, and every first responder I have spo-ken to tells me that planning, training, and ex-ercise opportunities would further suffer with more cuts. I urge appropriators to reject the proposed funding cuts and to provide additional funding to these grant programs. Before I conclude, I would like to congratu-late the former Subcommittee Chairman M
CSALLY on bringing this legislation to the floor, and I thank her for working with me as she developed the bill. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3583. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee and Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I rise in support of H.R. 3583, the PREPARE Act, a bill that provides an important additional tool in preparing for attacks and responding to emer-gencies. I support this legislation, because it requires multiple emergency agencies to coordinate and improve overall preparedness for attacks and emergencies. Specifically, H.R. 3583 amends the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require the Fed-eral Emergency management Agency (FEMA) to enter into memoranda of understanding with U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), the Transportation Security Administration, the Coast Guard, the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, the Office of Emergency Commu-nication (OEC), the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement, the Countering Violent Ex-tremism Coordinator, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, and other Department of Homeland Security offices and components to delineate their responsibilities for awarding grants to: Public Transportation Agencies to improve security under Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007. High-risk urban areas and state, local, and tribal governments to protect against terrorism under the UASI and the State Homeland Se-curity Grant Program. Implementation of Area Maritime Transpor-tation Security Plans and facility security plans, provide port security services, and train law enforcement personnel. The PREPARE Act is a smart bill that will enable the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group to identify and provide guidance and best prac-tices for the emergency preparedness and re-sponse community. The social media group will submit an an-nual report that includes: A review and analysis of social media tech-nologies used to support preparedness, re-sponse, and recovery activities. A review of best practices and lessons learned. Recommendations to improve DHS’s use of social media technologies for emergency man-agement purposes. Recommendations to improve public aware-ness of the type of information disseminated through such technologies, and recommenda-tions on how to access such information dur-ing emergencies. A review of available training for govern-ment officials. A review of coordination efforts with the pri-vate sector to discuss and resolve legal, oper-ational, technical, privacy, and security con-cerns. In today’s increasingly advanced and com-plex technology, social media is easily and heavily utilized by terrorists as a dangerous recruiting tool. Mr. Speaker, the PREPARE Act will equip the Department of Homeland Security with vital tools and resources to prevent and re-move social media threats and recruitment tactics implemented by terrorist groups. The PREPARE Act will further require FEMA to integrate the needs of children into its activities to protect against natural disas-ters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters, including by appointing a technical expert to coordinate such activities. This is a comprehensive bill that will protect all Americans in every corner of this nation. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 3583. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3583, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.016 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1978 April 26, 2016 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL BISON LEGACY ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2908) to adopt the bison as the na-tional mammal of the United States, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2908 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Bison Legacy Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) bison are considered a historical symbol of the United States; (2) bison were integrally linked with the eco-nomic and spiritual lives of many Indian tribes through trade and sacred ceremonies; (3) there are more than 60 Indian tribes par-ticipating in the Intertribal Buffalo Council; (4) numerous members of Indian tribes are in-volved in bison restoration on tribal land; (5) members of Indian tribes have a combined herd on more than 1,000,000 acres of tribal land; (6) the Intertribal Buffalo Council is a tribal organization incorporated pursuant to section 17 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 477); (7) bison can play an important role in im-proving the types of grasses found in landscapes to the benefit of grasslands; (8) a small group of ranchers helped save bison from extinction in the late 1800s by gath-ering the remnants of the decimated herds; (9) bison hold significant economic value for private producers and rural communities; (10) according to the 2012 Census of Agri-culture of the Department of Agriculture, as of 2012, 162,110 head of bison were under the stew-ardship of private producers, creating jobs and providing a sustainable and healthy meat source contributing to the food security of the United States; (11) on December 8, 1905, William Hornaday, Theodore Roosevelt, and others formed the American Bison Society in response to the near extinction of bison in the United States; (12) on October 11, 1907, the American Bison Society sent 15 captive-bred bison from the New York Zoological Park, now known as the ‘‘Bronx Zoo’’, to the first wildlife refuge in the United States, which was known as the ‘‘Wich-ita Mountains Wildlife Refuge’’, resulting in the first successful reintroduction of a mammal spe-cies on the brink of extinction back into the nat-ural habitat of the species; (13) in 2005, the American Bison Society was reestablished, bringing together bison ranchers, managers from Indian tribes, Federal and State agencies, conservation organizations, and nat-ural and social scientists from the United States, Canada, and Mexico to create a vision for the North American bison in the 21st century; (14) there are bison herds in National Wildlife Refuges and National Parks; (15) there are bison in State-managed herds across 11 States; (16) there is a growing effort to celebrate and officially recognize the historical, cultural, and economic significance of the North American bison to the heritage of the United States; (17) a bison is portrayed on 2 State flags; (18) the bison has been adopted by 3 States as the official mammal or animal of those States; (19) a bison has been depicted on the official seal of the Department of the Interior since 1912; (20) the buffalo nickel played an important role in modernizing the currency of the United States; (21) several sports teams have the bison as a mascot, which highlights the iconic significance of bison in the United States; (22) in the 2nd session of the 113th Congress, 22 Senators led a successful effort to enact a res-olution to designate November 1, 2014, as the third annual National Bison Day; and (23) members of Indian tribes, bison producers, conservationists, sportsmen, educators, and other public and private partners have partici-pated in the annual National Bison Day cele-bration at several events across the United States and are committed to continuing this tra-dition annually on the first Saturday of Novem-ber. SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT AND ADOPTION OF THE NORTH AMERICAN BISON AS THE NA-TIONAL MAMMAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The mammal commonly known as the ‘‘North American bison’’ is adopt-ed as the national mammal of the United States. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the adoption of the North American bison as the national mammal of the United States shall be construed or used as a reason to alter, change, modify, or otherwise affect any plan, policy, management decision, regulation, or other action by the Federal Government. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I would prefer to have the primary spon-sor of this bill, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY), speak first. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I thank the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Mr. C
HAFFETZ . Today I rise in support of the Na-tional Bison Legacy Act. This bill will adopt the North American bison as the national mammal of the United States. I also want to thank my colleague from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM) for her cosponsorship of this legislation. b1730 The bison are dear to me because they have a historical and spiritual link to the United States Colored Troops who were first organized in 1863 to 1866 as the 9th and 10th Cavalry and the four all-Black infantry regiments. Despite facing relentless racism and woefully inadequate military supplies, nicknamed the Buffalo Soldiers be-cause of their tireless marching and dogged trail skills, they had earned the name of the rugged and revered buffalo. By way of reference, my great-great- grandfather and his brother were mem-bers of the Buffalo Soldiers after com-ing out of slavery. The North American bison is a uni-fying symbol in the United States. Once numbering in the tens of millions, bison were nearly extinguished by the 1880s, with the travesty borne most by Native Americans whose fate was intertwined with the buffalo. In 1905, visionary ranchers, tribes, in-dustrialists, sport hunters, and con-servationists joined President Theo-dore Roosevelt in a monumental effort to reverse the American bison’s de-mise. Now over 60 tribes are working to restore bison to over 1 million acres of Native American lands. Bison produc-tion on private ranches is in its strong-est economic condition in more than a decade. The National Bison Legacy Act en-joys broad bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress, as well as sup-port from a coalition of over 60 organi-zations, including Native American tribes, ranchers, and government agen-cies. The list keeps growing. I look for-ward to working with all of you to make this bill become law and honor a great American icon, the bison. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time and ask unanimous consent that the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) control the re-mainder of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). Mrs. NOEM. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today I support the Na-tional Bison Legacy Act because it is a very important bill to the tribes in my State and also to the heritage of South Dakota and the United States. It is a bill that I helped Representative C
LAY of Missouri introduce, and I thank him for all of his hard work on the legisla-tion. It has been a long process, but we are finally here today to get it across the House floor. I am thrilled to sponsor this bill with my colleagues, to raise up an enduring symbol of our Nation’s Native Amer-ican heritage, the American frontier, and the resilience that has long distin-guished America from others around the globe. The Tatanka is important both phys-ically and spiritually in Native Amer-ican culture. These animals offered food, shelter, tools, and clothing. Na-tive Americans could make soap from the fat and homes from their hides. Every piece was used, which is why bison were, and continue to be, a sym-bol of survival and a cultural example of how to live in a healthy and produc-tive manner. This bill recognizes that. There are also lessons to be learned about resilience from these animals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.048 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1979 April 26, 2016 
Bison roamed across most of North America before nearly being wiped from existence. Through the efforts of tribes, ranchers, conservationists, and others, the species has survived and can once again be lifted as a literal and cultural example of productivity from which each of us can learn. I am proud that my family has raised bison as well. They are majestic ani-mals that represent the Plains that we are so proud of and that I am so hon-ored to represent today. I want to thank the chairman and his staff for bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In conclusion, let me just say one of the most majestic animals on the face of the planet is the American bison. You go to see it and you just sit in awe and you think of the rich history and the role that it has played in our Na-tion. It serves as a symbol on two of our State flags, and it is the seal of the Department of the Interior. I just want to say that I hope all Americans—especially the youth—get a chance to see one of the bison out in the wild. It was close to extinction, but it was brought back. There are hun-dreds of thousands of them now. Whether you go to South Dakota or up to Yellowstone, Montana, there are places where you can really see these bison out. It really is an amazing sight. I think it is appropriate that we move this bill today. I want to thank Mr. C
LAYof Missouri and, in particular, Mrs. N
OEMof South Dakota for her recognizing the impor-tance of this issue. I also want to thank Mrs. L
UMMIS of Wyoming. She offered an important amendment that made an adjustment to the bill. I think this is a smart thing for the Congress to do, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2908, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VIRGIN ISLANDS OF THE UNITED STATES CENTENNIAL COMMIS-SION ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2615) to establish the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Commission, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2615 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established a commission to be known as the ‘‘Virgin Islands of the United States Cen-tennial Commission’’ (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
SEC. 3. DUTIES OF COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall— (1) plan, develop, and carry out such activi-ties as the Commission determines to be appro-priate to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands of the United States becoming an unincorporated territory of the United States; (2) provide advice and assistance to Federal, State, and local governmental agencies, as well as civic groups to carry out activities to com-memorate the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Is-lands of the United States becoming an unincor-porated territory of the United States; and (3) submit to the President and Congress the reports required pursuant to section 7. 
SEC. 4. MEMBERSHIP. 
(a) N UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .—The Commis-sion shall be composed of 8 members as follows: (1) The Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Insular Affairs or a designee of the Assistant Secretary. (2) One member appointed by the Governor of the Virgin Islands of the United States or a des-ignee of the Governor. (3) Two Members of the House of Representa-tives appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. (4) One Member of the House of Representa-tives appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (5) Two Members of the Senate appointed by the majority leader of the Senate. (6) One Member of the Senate appointed by the minority leader of the Senate. (b) T
ERMS .—Each member of the Commission shall be appointed for the life of the Commis-sion. (c) D
EADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT .—All mem- bers of the Commission shall be appointed not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Commis-sion shall— (1) not affect the powers of the Commission; and (2) be filled in the manner in which the origi-nal appointment was made. (e) R
ATES OF PAY.—Members shall not receive compensation for the performance of duties on behalf of the Commission. (f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Each member of the Commission shall be reimbursed for travel and per diem in lieu of subsistence expenses during the performance of duties of the Commission while away from home or regular place of busi-ness of the member, in accordance with applica-ble provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code. (g) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum to conduct business, but two or more members may hold hearings. (h) C
HAIRPERSON .—The chairperson of the Commission shall be selected by a majority vote of the members of the Commission. 
SEC. 5. DIRECTOR AND STAFF OF COMMISSION. 
(a) D IRECTOR AND STAFF.—The Commission shall appoint an executive director and such other additional personnel as are necessary to enable the Commission to perform the duties of the Commission. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN CIVILSERVICE  L
AWS.—The executive director and staff of the Commission may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive serv-ice, and may be paid without regard to the pro-visions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that the rate of pay for the executive director and other staff may not exceed the rate payable for level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of such title. (c) DETAIL OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—Upon request of the Commission, the Secretary of the Interior or the Archivist of the United States may detail, on a reimbursable basis, any of the personnel of the Department of the Interior or the National Archives and Records Administra-tion, respectively to the Commission to assist the Commission to perform the duties of the Commis-sion. (d) E
XPERTS AND CONSULTANTS .—The Commis-sion may procure such temporary and intermit-tent services from experts and consultants as are necessary to enable the Commission to perform the duties of the Commission. (e) V
OLUNTEER AND UNCOMPENSATED SERV-
ICES.—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Commission may accept and use voluntary and uncompensated services as the Commission determines necessary. 
SEC. 6. POWERS OF COMMISSION. 
(a) H EARINGS .—The Commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission con-siders appropriate. (b) M
AILS.—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other Federal agencies. (c) O
BTAINING OFFICIAL DATA.—The Commis-sion may secure directly from any Federal agen-cy information necessary to enable the Commis-sion to perform the duties of the Commission. Upon request of the chairperson of the Commis-sion, the head of that Federal agency shall fur-nish that information to the Commission. (d) G
IFTS, BEQUESTS , DEVISES .—The Commis-sion may solicit, accept, use, and dispose of gifts, bequests, or devises of money, services, or property, both real and personal, for the pur-pose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Commission. (e) A
VAILABLE SPACE.—Upon the request of the Commission, the Administrator of General Services shall make available to the Commission, at a normal rental rate for Federal agencies, such assistance and facilities as may be nec-essary for the Commission to perform the duties of the Commission. (f) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Commission may enter into contracts with and compensate the Federal Government, State and local govern-ments, private entities, or individuals to enable the Commission to perform the duties of the Commission. 
SEC. 7. REPORTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than Janu-ary 31 of each year, and annually thereafter until the final report is submitted pursuant to subsection (b), the Commission shall submit to the President and the Congress a report on— (1) the activities of the Commission; and (2) the revenue and expenditures of the Com-mission, including a list of each gift, bequest, or devise to the Commission with a value of more than $250, including the identity of the donor of each gift, bequest, or devise. (b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than January 31, 2018, the Commission shall submit a final re-port to the President and the Congress con-taining— (1) a summary of the activities of the Commis-sion; and (2) a final accounting of funds received and expended by the Commission. 
SEC. 8. ANNUAL AUDIT. 
The Inspector General of the Department of the Interior— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.050 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1980 April 26, 2016 
(1) may perform an audit of the Commission; (2) shall make the results of any such audit available to the public; and (3) shall transmit such results to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 9. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal agency’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘agen-cy’’ in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, each territory or possession of the United States, and each federally recognized Indian tribe. 
SEC. 10. TERMINATION. 
The Commission shall terminate on September 30, 2018, or may terminate at an earlier date de-termined by the Commission after the final re-port is submitted pursuant to section 7(b). 
SEC. 11. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No Federal funds are authorized or may be obligated to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I pre-fer to have the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, who is the chief sponsor of this bill, speak first on this issue. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume and thank the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on behalf of H.R. 2615, the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act. H.R. 2615 will establish a short- term commission to research, plan, de-velop, and carry out activities related to the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands becoming part of the United States. The commission will revisit the his-tory leading up to and directly fol-lowing the transfer of the islands from Denmark to the United States. Its pur-pose will be to educate those unaware of that history on a national level of the importance of the territories to the geopolitical advancement of this great Nation. The history of the Virgin Islands and its people is profound, Mr. Speaker. It tells a story of a land so resource-rich and unique in its geography that it was occupied by seven different nations. It tells the story of a resilient people who insurrected slavery and colonial op-pression to achieve self-governance. In 1493, when Christopher Columbus landed on the island of St. Croix, which was then called Aye Aye by its native inhabitants, it is the only place in what is now the United States in which Christopher Columbus landed, but it is also reported to be the first place that he met armed resistance. He renamed islands, part of a chain, the Virgin Is-lands. In 1733, on the island of St. John, the slaves rose up, taking control of the is-land for almost a year until European powers worked together and the Danish received the help of the French and Spanish Armada to help quell what would have been and was one of the first slave uprisings in the New World. In the mid-1700s, a young boy on the island of St. Croix by the name of Alex-ander Hamilton received the support of merchant patrons on the island who put together sufficient money to fi-nance his travel and education to the Colonies. He brought to the Colonies his understanding of finance and a monetary system learned from appren-ticeship from those merchants, as well as the unique accounting theories from the West African slaves of the island. Those economic gifts, along with his fighting spirit for revolution, liberty, and abolitionist fervor served him and this country well, as he would soon be-come the first United States Secretary of the Treasury and creator of our modern financial system. Virgin Islanders have played an inte-gral role in the history of this Nation well before we were even part of this country. From its inception and be-yond, activists and politicians, David Levy Yulee, the first Jewish United States Senator; Denmark Vesey, leader of the Charleston, South Carolina, slave revolt; Judah Benjamin, Sec-retary of Treasury of the Confederate Army, are all Virgin Islanders. William Leidesdorff, the founder of San Francisco, and Edward Wilmot Blyden, one of the founders of Liberia, are also from the Virgin Islands. After purchase by the United States in 1917, the contributions of Virgin Is-landers have continued through indi-viduals like David Hamilton Jackson, who was a staunch free press advocate and labor movement leader; Hubert Harrison, a key figure in the movement of the Harlem Renaissance; military veterans like Alton Adams, who was the first African American naval bandleader; and General Samuel Ebbesen. Ambassador Terence Todman and Congress of Racial Equality chief, Roy Innis, are Virgin Islanders. Actor Kelsey Grammer and future NBA Hall- of-Famer Timothy Duncan are all from the Virgin Islands. The first female physician of this body as a Member of Congress, my predecessor, Donna Christensen, is a Virgin Islander. During the time of exploration and slave trade, our geographic location made us a hub of Western Hemisphere commerce for several centuries and served a crucial role in naval military activity in the Caribbean Basin. So nearly a century ago, the United States purchased the Virgin Islands from Denmark for its geographic im-portance. On March 31, 2017, the Virgin Islands of the United States will cele-brate 100 years as a possession and part of the union of the United States. This bill, H.R. 2615, establishes the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission to research, plan, develop, and carry out activities the commission considers appropriate to commemorate—and I say commemo-rate, not celebrate—commemorate a more solemn and worthy endeavor, the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands of the United States becoming an unin-corporated territory of the United States. Now, I have spent a lot of time talk-ing about the Virgin Islands’ history and people because at the time of its transfer nearly 100 years ago, little thought was given to the history, and even less to the people of the Virgin Is-lands. As the Islanders during that time, my ancestors, my grandparents, watched the Danish flag come down and the Stars and Stripes unfold and ripple over the Fort in Christiansted and over many places in the Virgin Is-lands, they thought out loud: We knew what we had, but we don’t know what we are going to get. Our elders and leaders hoped and be-lieved that the purchase by the United States would herald greater opportuni-ties and profound modernization. Un-fortunately, this has not happened. It took a decade of petitioning and lobbying to be given citizenship, and we asked for—we asked for it and peti-tioned again to be part of the draft. What people willingly offer their sons to fight and die, except those wholly willing to be part of the entire Amer-ican experience? Even now we have greater casualties per capita than any other group in this Nation in a volunteer military and is an example in part of our valor and pa-triotism. Through passage of H.R. 2615, the commission will serve as a vehicle to begin the work to tell the story and serve to expose the aspirations and dreams of the American people who call the Virgin Islands home. The commission will begin a national conservation, a discussion to assist in commemorating the great relationship between the United States and its is-lands—its American islands. The commission will allow a plat-form for meaningful dialogue around the Virgin Islands’ history with the United States, the genesis of the issues affecting the territory, as well as how we solve them. This is an opportunity to engage law-makers and our Nation around the challenges and enormous opportunities present in the Virgin Islands—opportu-nities like our ports and transshipment position, our broadband capacity, our intellectual and artistic pursuits, our university which serves as the only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.037 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1981 April 26, 2016 
HBCU in the Caribbean, and, most im-portant, our people. Yes, the people still waiting to be recognized and made whole in that transfer nearly a century ago. As the Virgin Islands enters this next century under United States jurisdic-tion, it will have continued relevance in the region as foreign investments, commerce, information technology, and maritime traffic grow in the Carib-bean. It is my hope and it is my dream that its people will have greater rel-evance in this great Nation and that this commission will show all the im-portance of that. I would like to thank all of the mem-bers of the committee for supporting this bill, voting it unanimously out of committee, and thank Ranking Mem-ber C
UMMINGS and especially the chair-man, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , for working with my staff and me on this bill. b1745 This bipartisan commission, which will be comprised of House and Senate Members along with the administra-tion and other officials, seems only fit-ting, as the 100th anniversary comes only once. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2615. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. How can you reject that? She said it as eloquently and as passionately from her heart as you possibly could. I am pleased that we could move this for-ward. In short, this bill creates a bipartisan congressional commission to plan and carry out commemorative activities for the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands becoming an unincorporated territory of the United States. The transfer of the Virgin Islands from Denmark to the United States in 1917 was a significant historic and cultural event. Under the bill, the bipartisan com-mission will develop, plan, and execute formal commemorative activities to honor the rich heritage of the Virgin Islands. The commission’s goal is to highlight the cultural, economic, and historical importance of the Virgin Is-lands. By celebrating this anniversary, the commission also has the oppor-tunity to educate the citizens about the history of the United States Virgin Islands. The commission may solicit and ac-cept gifts and donations to fund its ac-tivities, but there is a prohibition, as the legislation bars any use of Federal funds. Again, I thank our colleague, S
TACEY  P
LASKETT , the Delegate from the Vir-gin Islands, for her passion and caring. It is one of the most beautiful places on the face of the planet—second, of course, to Utah’s Third Congressional District. But, nevertheless, I think that is why they accepted this. I hope everybody gets a chance to visit there. My daughter—on a personal note— was able to work there this past sum-mer for 3 months. She thoroughly en-joyed the people, the culture, and the sheer beauty that is the Virgin Islands. I look forward to supporting this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2615, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE REFORM ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4359) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that Federal employees may not be placed on administrative leave for more than 14 days during any year for misconduct or poor performance, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4359 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Administra-tive Leave Reform Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6330. Limitation on administrative leave ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—During any calendar year, an employee may not be placed on ad-ministrative leave, or any other paid non- duty status without charge to leave, for more than 14 total days for reasons relating to misconduct or performance. After an em-ployee has been placed on administrative leave for 14 days, the employing agency shall return the employee to duty status, utilizing telework if available, and assign the em-ployee to duties if such employee is not a threat to safety, the agency mission, or Gov-ernment property. ‘‘(b) E
XTENDED ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an agency finds that an employee is a threat to safety, the agency mission, or Government property and upon the expiration of the 14-day period described in subsection (a), an agency head may place the employee on extended administrative leave for additional periods of not more than 30 days each. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—For any additional period of 30 days granted to the employee after the initial 30-day extension, the agency head shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in the House of Representatives, the agency’s authorizing committees of jurisdiction of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report, not later than 5 business days after granting the additional period, containing— ‘‘(A) title, position, office or agency sub-component, job series, pay grade, and salary of the employee on administrative leave; ‘‘(B) a description of the work duties of the employee; ‘‘(C) the reason the employee is on admin-istrative leave; ‘‘(D) an explanation as to why the em-ployee is a threat to safety, the agency mis-sion, or Government property; ‘‘(E) an explanation as to why the em-ployee is not able to telework or be reas-signed to another position within the agen-cy; ‘‘(F) in the case of a pending related inves-tigation of the employee— ‘‘(i) the status of such investigation; and ‘‘(ii) the certification described in sub-section (c)(1); and ‘‘(G) in the case of a completed related in-vestigation of the employee— ‘‘(i) the results of such investigation; and ‘‘(ii) the reason that the employee remains on administrative leave. ‘‘(c) EXTENSION PENDING RELATED INVES -
TIGATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an employee is under a related investigation by an investigative en-tity at the time an additional period de-scribed under subsection (b)(2) is granted and, in the opinion of the investigative enti-ty, additional time is needed to complete the investigation, such entity shall certify to the applicable agency that such additional time is needed and include in the certifi-cation an estimate of the length of such ad-ditional time. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The head of an agency may not grant an additional period of admin-istrative leave described under subsection (b)(2) to an employee on or after the date that is 30 days after the completion of a re-lated investigation by an investigative enti-ty. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) I
NVESTIGATIVE ENTITY .—The term ‘in-vestigative entity’ means an internal inves-tigative unit of the agency granting adminis-trative leave, the Office of Inspector Gen-eral, the Office of the Attorney General, or the Office of Special Counsel. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED INVESTIGATION .—The term ‘related investigation’ means an investiga-tion that pertains to the underlying reasons an employee was placed on administrative leave.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall begin to apply 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendment made by subsection (a) shall be construed to— (1) supersede the provisions of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code; or (2) limit the number of days that an em-ployee may be placed on administrative leave, or any other paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for reasons unre-lated to misconduct or performance. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 6329 the following new item: ‘‘6330. Limitation on administrative leave.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.053 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1982 April 26, 2016 
revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4359 is a commonsense solution to address the misuse of administrative leave for misconduct or performance issues. Unfortunately, it has been common-place for the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee to hear sto-ries of Federal employees who remain on administrative leave for months, or years, at a time. Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker. The overwhelming majority of people who work for the Federal Government are good, honest, decent, patriotic people who care. They work hard, they are trying to serve their country, and they put in an honest day’s work. But we do have some bad apples. Every once in a while, they show up, and they start working for the Federal Government. They create problems and they create mayhem. Unfortunately, we have to tighten the rules surrounding their situation because we have had a number of Fed-eral employees that have remained on administrative leave sometimes not just for days, sometimes not just for weeks. Sometimes this drags on for months and for years—years—to be on administrative leave. While on admin-istrative leave, these employees re-ceive full pay and benefits despite the fact that they are not working. There are going to be extraordinary cir-cumstances, but this is happening far too often. It is particularly difficult to under-stand how the IRS could, for example, justify allowing Lois Lerner to sit on administrative leave for 4 months be-fore her retirement. She was an indi-vidual who abused her power as a Fed-eral employee by engaging in the polit-ical targeting of American citizens. But she is not alone. This is certainly not a bill just about her situation. Every year, hundreds, if not thousands, of Federal employees are under inves-tigation for significant misconduct and remain on administrative leave for far longer than is necessary to complete an investigation. One reason administrative leave has become such a significant problem is because agencies simply find it easier to keep an employee on administrative leave. It is the path of least resistance. This means that some individuals face little to no penalty for significant mis-conduct and are all too often permitted to remain on administrative leave until they are able to retire. Mr. Speaker, abuse of administrative leave is a real problem. H.R. 4359 will protect American taxpayer dollars from being further wasted. Consider one example highlighted by the inspector general for the Environ-mental Protection Agency, who found an employee earning $120,000 a year an-nually while watching pornography on the job. This employee was placed on administrative leave for a year—a year. I believe, in this particular case, this person actually admitted to doing it. It wasn’t just a casual oops. This person was watching for literally hours upon hours each day and admitted it. They put him on administrative leave, and this went on for a year. Why should the American taxpayers have to pay for that? It is a clear waste of our dollars. The American people de-serve better, and so do the employees who work around this person. According to the Government Ac-countability Office report, the GAO, which reviewed the use of administra-tive leave between the years 2011 and 2013, 263 Federal employees were on ad-ministrative leave for more than a year at the 24 agencies reviewed. GAO found that those individuals on administra-tive leave cost the people, the Amer-ican taxpayers, more than $31 million. Why should we have to pay for that? It is an astonishing amount of money to pay for Federal employees, and they are doing absolutely nothing. They can, essentially, go wherever they want to go, and it is, essentially, a paid va-cation. It also sends the wrong message to the hardworking Americans from whom we levee taxes. We cannot use tax dollars to pay misbehaving or poor- performing Federal employees. There are often situations that come up where the employees need a fair chance to defend themselves. But again, under this bill, it gives them plenty of time to do that. If there needs to be an ex-tension, there can be an extension; but if there is not timely disciplinary ac-tion, if any disciplinary action at all, for their performance issues, the Amer-ican taxpayers are left holding the bag and the expense. Mr. Speaker, agencies are abusing the system of administrative leave and failing to explain why. In a report conducted by Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY of Iowa, agencies were found to be opaque about why they were using administrative leave, or completely nonresponsive, when Sen-ator G
RASSLEY inquired about 58 em-ployees at the Department of Defense that they had on administrative leave for more than a year. Think about that. At the DOD, the Department of Defense, they had 58 employees who had been on administrative leave for more than a year, and the Department of Defense just decided not to respond, just literally did not respond. Mr. Speaker, I understand the need and utility of administrative leave. When used properly, administrative leave provides agencies with the flexi-bility needed to better manage human resources and to get to the bottom of certain situations, but it has become a tool that agencies hide behind with far too little oversight and accountability. The shortcomings of the current sys-tem need to end, and this bill that I am the chief sponsor of will curb these abuses. Specifically, this legislation will limit the use of administrative leave for misconduct or performance issues to 14 days per year in order to push agencies to complete their inves-tigations quickly or to find acceptable alternate work for the individual to perform during such an investigation. This is fair to the employee, as well as the management, as well as the Amer-ican taxpayers. Rather than allowing indefinite leave, agencies will have to take disciplinary action against bad actors, which will serve to bring great-er accountability to the Federal work-force. The bill is also critical to protecting whistleblowers. The Office of Special Counsel, or the OSC, has a responsi-bility in the Federal Government to in-vestigate potential reprisal and peti-tion the Merit Systems Protection Board to stop retaliatory actions. How-ever, being put on administrative leave does not constitute a personnel action that is reviewable by the OSC. Thus, as long as a whistleblower is placed on administrative leave, he or she is left in limbo at the discretion of the agency with no right to appeal their status. Because of this, I believe that the bill before us, H.R. 4359, will go a long way to help reducing retalia-tion and protect whistleblowers by bar-ring agencies from leaving employees on indefinite administrative leave. Mr. Speaker, getting this legislation to the floor today, I am proud to say we have been able to work collabo-ratively in a bipartisan way. I particu-larly want to thank Mr. LYNCH of Mas-sachusetts for his passion on this issue and working with us. We incorporated some of those suggestions into the bill today. We have altered the bill to give the agencies the option to extend the use of administrative leave beyond 14 days in discrete 30-day periods. Under these provisions, the agencies will be re-quired to report to Congress after the use of the first 30-day extension, detail-ing why the extension is necessary, the stage of any investigation against the employee, the reasons the employee cannot return to the workplace, as well as other pertinent information. Again, I want to thank Mr. L
YNCH for his work on this legislation. I believe that this is a stronger bill and more fair to the employees. I think it was an important step forward. I thank Mr. C
UMMINGS , the com-mittee as a whole, and the many mem-bers who were involved in getting the bill to this point today. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think we can all agree that agency overuse of administrative leave can be a problem and that we need to pursue ways that agencies can use administra-tive leave more efficiently, while pre-serving due process protections for Federal employees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.056 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1983 April 26, 2016 
I want to thank the chairman for working with the minority, and par-ticularly with Representative L
YNCH , to address our concerns that the origi-nal bill could have encouraged agencies to suspend employees without pay and without due process. The bill, as reported, would preserve the ability of an agency to place em-ployees on administrative leave in those exceptional circumstances when they may pose a threat to safety, agen-cy mission, or government property. It would also allow the agency to con-sider the results of a thorough and complete investigation prior to taking disciplinary action. The bill, however, would not punish employees by strip-ping them of pay before allegations are properly adjudicated, preserving the principle that one is innocent until proven guilty. The bill before us strikes the appro-priate balance, we believe, between the need for stricter oversight of agency use of administrative leave and the due process rights of Federal employees. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 4359. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4359. We have worked in a good, bipartisan way. It is a good bill for the country and is good for the employees of the Federal Gov-ernment. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4359, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OFFICIAL PERSONNEL FILE ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4360) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that a Federal employee who leaves Government serv-ice while under personnel investigation shall have a notation of any adverse findings under such investigation placed in such employee’s official per-sonnel file, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4360 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Official Per-sonnel File Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RECORD OF INVESTIGATION OF PER-SONNEL ACTION IN SEPARATED EM-PLOYEE’S OFFICIAL PERSONNEL FILE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3321 the following: ‘‘§ 3322. Voluntary separation before resolu-tion of personnel investigation ‘‘(a) With respect to any employee occu-pying a position in the competitive service or the excepted service who is the subject of a personnel investigation and resigns from Government employment prior to the resolu-tion of such investigation, the head of the agency from which such employee so resigns shall, if an adverse finding was made with re-spect to such employee pursuant to such in-vestigation, make a permanent notation in the employee’s official personnel record file. The head shall make such notation not later than 40 days after the date of the resolution of such investigation. ‘‘(b) Prior to making a permanent notation in an employee’s official personnel record file under subsection (a), the head of the agency shall— ‘‘(1) notify the employee in writing within 5 days of the resolution of the investigation and provide such employee a copy of the ad-verse finding and any supporting documenta-tion; ‘‘(2) provide the employee with a reason-able time, but not less than 30 days, to re-spond in writing and to furnish affidavits and other documentary evidence to show why the adverse finding was unfounded (a summary of which shall be included in any notation made to the employee’s personnel file under subsection (d)); and ‘‘(3) provide a written decision and the spe-cific reasons therefore to the employee at the earliest practicable date. ‘‘(c) An employee is entitled to appeal the decision of the head of the agency to make a permanent notation under subsection (a) to the Merit Systems Protection Board under section 7701. ‘‘(d)(1) If an employee files an appeal with the Merit Systems Protection Board pursu-ant to subsection (c), the agency head shall make a notation in the employee’s official personnel record file indicating that an ap-peal disputing the notation is pending not later than 2 weeks after the date on which such appeal was filed. ‘‘(2) If the head of the agency is the pre-vailing party on appeal, not later than 2 weeks after the date that the Board issues the appeal decision, the head of the agency shall remove the notation made under para-graph (1) from the employee’s official per-sonnel record file. ‘‘(3) If the employee is the prevailing party on appeal, not later than 2 weeks after the date that the Board issues the appeal deci-sion, the head of the agency shall remove the notation made under paragraph (1) and the notation of an adverse finding made under subsection (a) from the employee’s official personnel record file. ‘‘(e) In this section, the term ‘personnel in-vestigation’ includes— ‘‘(1) an investigation by an Inspector Gen-eral; and ‘‘(2) an adverse personnel action as a result of performance, misconduct, or for such cause as will promote the efficiency of the service under chapter 43 or chapter 75. (b) APPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any employee described in section 3322 of title 5, United States Code, (as added by such subsection) who leaves the service after the date of en-actment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 3321 the following: ‘‘3322. Voluntary separation before resolu-tion of personnel investiga-tion.’’. SEC. 3. REVIEW OF OFFICIAL PERSONNEL FILE OF FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES BEFORE REHIRING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3330e. Review of official personnel file of former Federal employees before rehiring ‘‘(a) If a former Government employee is a candidate for a position within the competi-tive service or the excepted service, prior to making any determination with respect to the appointment or reinstatement of such employee to such position, the appointing authority shall review and consider the in-formation relating to such employee’s former period or periods of service in such employee’s official personnel record file. ‘‘(b) In subsection (a), the term ‘former Government employee’ means an individual whose most recent position with the Govern-ment prior to becoming a candidate as de-scribed under subsection (a) was within the competitive service or the excepted service. ‘‘(c) The Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe regulations to carry out the purpose of this section.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any former Gov-ernment employee (as described in section 3330e of title 5, United States Code, as added by such subsection) appointed or reinstated on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3330e. Review of official personnel file of former Federal employees be-fore rehiring.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The vast majority of Federal workers are patriotic, they are honest, they are decent, they work hard, they show up early, they do what they are supposed to do, and they are proud to serve their country and provide their role in when they do. For that, we are very grateful. But like any large group of people, there are some bad apples. If you go through the barrel, you are going to find a few bad apples. We have a re-sponsibility to make sure that we weed those out. These individuals must be treated fairly, but they must be held accountable. H.R. 4360 is a bill that ac-complishes this balance and that strengthens the integrity of our civil service. b1800 Under the current system, a loophole allows Federal employees who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.057 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1984 April 26, 2016 
guilty of serious, but not necessarily criminal, infractions to leave Federal service before an investigation is com-pleted and join a new agency without that new agency ever becoming aware of those previous issues. Unfortu-nately, in our work on the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, we have had some examples of this. H.R. 4360 corrects this problem by re-quiring a notation to be made in the employee’s official personnel file if an investigation leads to an adverse find-ing against that person even if the em-ployee has already resigned. For exam-ple, under the current system, Federal employees who commit some form of misconduct or poor performance could resign from their positions and escape accountability. This is exactly what occurred at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. As part of an investigation, the Department of Commerce, Office of the Inspector General requested that a pat-ent examiner attend a voluntary inter-view with the Office of the Inspector General. However, 2 hours before the interview with the OIG, the patent ex-aminer resigned. In an instant message with a coworker, the examiner ex-plained that the union recommended that he resign in order to have a clean slate, with no record of conduct or per-formance issues, if he applied to work for another agency. We cannot continue to have a system that creates loopholes for an individual to elude accountability by simply hav-ing to submit a piece of paper on a nap-kin—or something as simple as that— and writing, ‘‘I hereby resign,’’ and then keeping his record clean so he can get another job. Mr. Speaker, another example is of a similar event that unfolded with an In-terior Department employee who was under investigation for lying about his education credentials. After being interviewed by the Interior Depart-ment’s Office of Inspector General, this individual resigned from the Interior and later joined the Census Bureau; but when he went over to the Census Bu-reau, the Census Bureau was unaware of the history until well after it had hired this person. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4360 remedies the scenarios I just discussed, thereby helping to protect agencies from mak-ing employment hires when having in-complete pictures of the individuals’ backgrounds. This has happened on several occasions. It is almost dis-appointing that one has to go forward and legislate this, but given that it is happening, it is the responsible thing to do, and we have come together in a good, bipartisan way to make this hap-pen. Specifically under this legislation, separated employees will have nota-tions made in their official personnel files if they resign while under inves-tigation and if those investigations lead to adverse findings. Additionally, if the individuals apply for other posi-tions in the Federal Government, those notations will follow them as agencies will now be required to examine the personnel files of former Federal em-ployees during the hiring process. Bad actors should not be able to re-sign from government service with clean slates and effectively dupe an-other agency that will then be hiring them. However, this bill also ensures that separated employees are provided the opportunity to contest the findings of an investigation. I think that is a fair and just way for them to be able to clean their records if they think that they have cases to be made. By work-ing closely with my Democratic col-leagues, we were able to build a process into this legislation that gives former employees a mechanism by which to fairly present their cases in the event an investigation leads to an adverse finding. Mr. Speaker, it is also important to note that H.R. 4360 does nothing to di-minish the rights or protections that are afforded to whistleblowers. This is a bill to prevent individuals from ma-neuvering within the Federal Govern-ment in order to hide their misconduct. It is that simple. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4360, the Official Personnel File Enhancement Act, addresses a legiti-mate concern of employees who resign their positions during pending inves-tigations or adverse disciplinary ac-tions and then reapply for employment elsewhere in the Federal Government. I think we can agree that measures need to be taken to prevent such inci-dents from happening in order to pro-tect the integrity of the Federal work-force. I thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ for working with the minority and, par-ticularly, for working with Congress-man C
ONNOLLY from Virginia to ad-dress our concerns with the original bill. The introduced version of this legis-lation would have allowed an agency to put a permanent notation of an inves-tigative finding in an employee’s file without giving the employee an oppor-tunity to respond. The bill, as reported, would preserve the principles of due process that help to protect our Fed-eral employees from arbitrary acts and political influence. It would provide a former employee with notice and op-portunity to respond to an adverse in-vestigative finding before a notation is placed in the individual’s personnel file. The legislation also gives the indi-vidual the right to appeal the agency’s decision to the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board, which we believe is the ap-propriate place for that. These due process protections are consistent with our Constitution and with the fundamental American prin-ciple that a person is innocent until proven guilty. I understand that some concerns have been raised regarding how the leg-islation would be implemented. We hope to address those concerns as the bill moves forward in the legislative process. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4360. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge the passage of H.R. 4360. I be-lieve this is a good bill. We worked in a good, bipartisan way. It does make the system more fair and it makes it more accountable. It makes sure, for those who have adverse actions, that they can’t simply skirt away from their responsibilities. It does hold peo-ple accountable. To that effect, it is a good bill, and I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4360, the Official Personnel File Enhancement Act. As a member of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, myself and other committee mem-bers are constantly reading reports of and in-vestigating instances of employee misconduct and performance shortcomings. Yet too often, these investigations come up empty because the employee decided to resign or otherwise leave federal service before the investigation is over, thereby ending the investigation. I cannot tell you how frustrating this is. These investigations must be completed, and any employee seeking to return to federal service must have the results of that investiga-tion as a part their record. We owe it to the American taxpayer to ensure that the federal government only hires the most qualified and honorable employees. H.R. 4360 will allow that to happen. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4360, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECT AND PRESERVE INTER-NATIONAL CULTURAL PROPERTY ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1493) to protect and preserve inter-national cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President should establish an interagency coordinating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.060 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1985 April 26, 2016 
committee to coordinate the efforts of the execu-tive branch to protect and preserve inter-national cultural property at risk from political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters. Such committee should— (1) be chaired by a Department of State em-ployee of Assistant Secretary rank or higher, concurrent with that employee’s other duties; (2) include representatives of the Smithsonian Institution and Federal agencies with responsi-bility for the preservation and protection of international cultural property; (3) consult with governmental and nongovern-mental organizations, including the United States Committee of the Blue Shield, museums, educational institutions, and research institu-tions, and participants in the international art and cultural property market on efforts to pro-tect and preserve international cultural prop-erty; (4) coordinate core United States interests in— (A) protecting and preserving international cultural property; (B) preventing and disrupting looting and ille-gal trade and trafficking in international cul-tural property, particularly exchanges that pro-vide revenue to terrorist and criminal organiza-tions; (C) protecting sites of cultural and archae-ological significance; and (D) providing for the lawful exchange of international cultural property. 
SEC. 3. EMERGENCY PROTECTION FOR SYRIAN CULTURAL PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall exercise the authority of the President under section 304 of the Convention on Cultural Property Imple-mentation Act (19 U.S.C. 2603) to impose import restrictions set forth in section 307 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2606) with respect to any archae-ological or ethnological material of Syria— (1) not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) without regard to whether Syria is a State Party (as defined in section 302 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2601)); and (3) notwithstanding— (A) the requirement of subsection (b) of sec-tion 304 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2603(b)) that an emergency condition (as defined in subsection (a) of that section) applies; and (B) the limitations under subsection (c) of that section. (b) A
NNUAL DETERMINATION REGARDING CER-
TIFICATION .— (1) D
ETERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, not less often than annually, determine whether at least 1 of the conditions specified in subparagraph (B) is met, and shall notify the appropriate con-gressional committees of such determination. (B) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to in subparagraph (A) are the following: (i) The Government of Syria is incapable, at the time a determination under such subpara-graph is made, of fulfilling the requirements to request an agreement under section 303 of the Convention on Cultural Property Implementa-tion Act (19 U.S.C. 2602), including the require-ments under subsection (a)(3) of that section. (ii) It would be against the United States na-tional interest to enter into such an agreement. (2) T
ERMINATION OF RESTRICTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the import restrictions referred to in subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date on which the Presi-dent determines that neither of the conditions specified in paragraph (1)(B) are met. (B) R
EQUEST FOR TERMINATION .—If Syria re-quests to enter into an agreement with the United States pursuant to section 303 of the Convention on Cultural Property Implementa-tion Act (19 U.S.C. 2602) on or after the date on which the President determines that neither of the conditions specified in paragraph (1)(B) are met, the import restrictions referred to in sub-section (a) shall terminate on the earlier of— (i) the date that is 3 years after the date on which Syria makes such a request; or (ii) the date on which the United States and Syria enter into such an agreement. (c) WAIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the import restrictions referred to in subsection (a) for specified archaeological and ethnological material of Syria if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the conditions described in paragraph (2) are met. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to in paragraph (1) are the following: (A)(i) The owner or lawful custodian of the specified archaeological or ethnological material of Syria has requested that such material be temporarily located in the United States for pro-tection purposes; or (ii) if no owner or lawful custodian can rea-sonably be identified, the President determines that, for purposes of protecting and preserving such material, the material should be tempo-rarily located in the United States. (B) Such material shall be returned to the owner or lawful custodian when requested by such owner or lawful custodian. (C) There is no credible evidence that granting a waiver under this subsection will contribute to illegal trafficking in archaeological or ethno-logical material of Syria or financing of criminal or terrorist activities. (3) A
CTION .—If the President grants a waiver under this subsection, the specified archae-ological or ethnological material of Syria that is the subject of such waiver shall be placed in the temporary custody of the United States Govern-ment or in the temporary custody of a cultural or educational institution within the United States for the purpose of protection, restoration, conservation, study, or exhibition, without prof-it. (4) I
MMUNITY FROM SEIZURE .—Any archae-ological or ethnological material that enters the United States pursuant to a waiver granted under this section shall have immunity from sei-zure under Public Law 89–259 (22 U.S.C. 2459). All provisions of Public Law 89–259 shall apply to such material as if immunity from seizure had been granted under that Public Law. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (2) A
RCHAEOLOGICAL OR ETHNOLOGICAL MATE -
RIAL OF SYRIA .—The term ‘‘archaeological or ethnological material of Syria’’ means cultural property (as defined in section 302 of the Con-vention on Cultural Property Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 2601)) that is unlawfully removed from Syria on or after March 15, 2011. 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the next 6 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the efforts of the executive branch, dur-ing the 12-month period preceding the submis-sion of the report, to protect and preserve inter-national cultural property, including— (1) whether an interagency coordinating com-mittee as described in section 2 has been estab-lished and, if such a committee has been estab-lished, a description of the activities undertaken by such committee, including a list of the enti-ties participating in such activities; (2) a description of measures undertaken pur-suant to relevant statutes, including— (A) actions to implement and enforce section 3 of this Act and section 3002 of the Emergency Protection for Iraqi Cultural Antiquities Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–429; 118 Stat. 2599), includ-ing measures to dismantle international net-works that traffic illegally in cultural property; (B) a description of any requests for a waiver under section 3(c) of this Act and, for each such request, whether a waiver was granted; (C) a list of the statutes and regulations em-ployed in criminal, civil, and civil forfeiture ac-tions to prevent illegal trade and trafficking in cultural property; (D) actions undertaken to ensure the con-sistent and effective application of law in cases relating to illegal trade and trafficking in cul-tural property; and (E) actions undertaken to promote the legiti-mate commercial and non-commercial exchange and movement of cultural property; and (3) actions undertaken in fulfillment of inter-national agreements on cultural property pro-tection, including the Convention for the Pro-tection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, done at The Hague May 14, 1954. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material into the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I acknowledge the ranking member, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL from New York, for his outstanding leadership on this leg-islation. With its passage today, his H.R. 1493, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, will head to the President’s desk for his signature. This is a critical measure. The Is-lamic State, or ISIS, continues to wreak havoc throughout Iraq and Syria. It is laying a path of death and destruction in its wake, and it has in-spired deadly attacks around the world and deadly attacks here at home. No offense is more appalling than the terrorists’ complete disregard for human life. As this body has recog-nized, ISIS is waging a genocide against religious minorities in the Mid-dle East. I recently had the oppor-tunity to talk to some of those Yazidi girls and Christian minorities about what they had been through, as well as to talk to Sunni and Kurdish families. It has unleashed a campaign of sick-ening violence against Muslims who do not share its radical beliefs and against the other religious minorities across the Middle East and beyond. Besides the human toll of ISIS’ de-plorable acts, we also mourn the tre-mendous loss of cultural heritage as these extremists loot and destroy their way through ancient sites in the terri-tories that they conquer. We have seen sickening footage of ISIS’ drilling its way through priceless artifacts in Mosul and in its bulldozing of magnifi-cent Mesopotamian ruins in the 3,000- year-old city of Nimrud. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.038 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1986 April 26, 2016 
ISIS claims the annihilation of cul-tural sites is meant to counter idol worship, but clearly these terrorists have another goal: to remove all traces of the region’s rich and diverse reli-gious and cultural past. It is in line with what the Nazis tried to do in burning the books across Europe in trying to burn history that predated them. By eliminating all evidence of religious pluralism and by eliminating all evidence of humanity’s common heritage, it is paving the way for its own horrifying brand of radical Islamist extremism. The looting of antiquities is big busi-ness for ISIS. Experts estimate that the group has earned millions of dol-lars from the sale of stolen artifacts every year, which are often peddled by middlemen in old-fashioned markets or online. Unfortunately, buyers in the U.S. appear to be a primary end des-tination for many of these pieces, as does Europe, as does Asia. Mr. Speaker, I just returned from the Middle East. I was honored to speak at the Iraq Museum in Baghdad about the need to counter ISIS’ trafficking of priceless antiquities. This region is steeped in history from the rise and fall of empires to the evolution of writ-ing and mathematics and art. Much of this heritage remains at risk due to looting by ISIS and, I should add, by other parties to the conflict in Syria, including the murderous Assad regime. That is why last year, Ranking Mem-ber E
LIOT ENGEL and I introduced this legislation, which will help the U.S. do its part to counter this black market trade. Specifically, this legislation will prevent those antiquities that have been removed since the start of Syria’s civil war from being sold or imported into the United States. This will re-duce funding to ISIS and will disincentivize future looting. Again, I thank the ranking member, as well as Representatives Smith and Keating, for all of their work on this measure. I also acknowledge the bill’s Senate cosponsors—Senators Casey and Perdue and Grassley, as well as Chair-man C
ORKER and Ranking Member C
ARDIN of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations—whose leadership was instrumental to this measure’s passage by Mr. E
NGEL in the Senate. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of this legis-lation. First of all, I thank our chairman, E
D R
OYCE , for his leadership on the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and for push-ing this bill ahead. I don’t want to un-derestimate how important he has been in making sure that this bill reaches the floor. I thank Congressman C
HRIS S
MITH for joining me as a lead Repub-lican cosponsor on this measure, and I thank our Senate colleagues for their work to help get us to this point. This legislation is another great ex-ample of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs’ working across the aisle to get results because we believe, again, that foreign policy should be bipartisan and that partisanship should stop at the water’s edge. When the House finishes its work on this bill today, it will be on its way to the President’s desk, and that is something of which we should all be proud. Mr. Speaker, since the time ISIS emerged as a factor in Iraq and in Syria, we have read reports, have seen images, and have watched videos of ISIS terrorists in their destroying of ancient structures and artifacts in the areas they control. It is actually heart-breaking. These fanatics literally want to wipe away history. They want to de-stroy any trace of culture or belief sys-tem that doesn’t conform to their twisted ideology and twisted way of thinking, but that is not the whole story. ISIS has also seized on cultural arti-facts as a funding source. If you look at satellite pictures of heritage sites that ISIS controls, you can pick out thou-sands of small holes in the desert. ISIS has looted these areas, has dug up coins and statues and anything else it can carry, and has trafficked those items on the black market. As a result, millions of dollars have flowed into ISIS’ coffers. So a few years ago I knew we needed to do more to combat this serious prob-lem. With the help of several col-leagues—and, again, I emphasize how helpful the chairman has been—I set out to help preserve this history and, at the same time, to cut off a vital rev-enue stream for these terrorists. I was confident we could do it because we have done it before. During the Iraq war, we also saw the looting of antiquities. So we passed legislation then to impose import re-strictions on those items coming in from Iraq. b1816 I decided that we needed to take similar steps with respect to items coming out of Syria. So we got to work, talking to experts and officials to find the best ways of stopping looted goods arriving on our shores and to make sure those goods aren’t sold to help ISIS’ campaign of violence. It is really disgraceful that anyone in the United States would buy these things. Those proven practices and in-novative approaches are at the core of this bill. These restrictions would bring the United States in line with the U.N. Se-curity Council resolution passed unani-mously last year. That resolution called on all States to deny funding to ISIS by preventing trade in Iraqi and Syrian cultural property. Our European partners have already stepped up and enacted similar meas-ures. That is good news because it is going to take a wide-ranging effort to effectively crack down on this illegal marketplace. My bill would also encourage admin-istration agencies already working on this problem to collaborate more close-ly so that our efforts are more stream-lined and efficient. Finally, it is impor-tant to note that the legislation would not prevent the importation of Syrian artifacts for preservation or restora-tion. So this is a good bill. I have been working on it for several years. I am proud of everything that has gone into it by my colleagues and our staff mem-bers. I am glad, once again, that we are working in a bipartisan way to pass legislation that advances our interests, and I am very grateful that we are so close to the finish line on this bill. So I want to thank everybody. I want to especially thank Chairman ROYCE  once again. I ask that all Members sup-port this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is al-ways a great feeling to cross the finish line on a piece of legislation. At our best, that is what the Foreign Affairs Committee does, and we are at our best here this day. So I again want to thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leadership and partner-ship. I want to thank our Senate col-leagues for doing their part. I want to thank the staff that worked so hard on this bill. We should be seizing every available opportunity to cut off resources to ISIS and other terrorist groups. This legislation goes after a practice that has put millions of dollars in ISIS’ hands and has resulted in the irrevers-ible destruction of some of history’s greatest artifacts. So it destroys these artifacts, which is bad enough, but then it puts money in ISIS’ hands. They actually make money by doing it. It is aiding and abetting terrorism. So it is a double whammy. We knew from past experience that the approach laid out in this bill works. It is long past due that we ramp up our efforts to stop the looting, stop the trafficking, and stop the destruc-tion. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and send it to the President. I know that the President will sign it. It is very important. I hope we will soon see this legislation enacted and on the books. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume Again, I thank Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL of New York for this legislation. The ancient cities now facing de-struction at the hands of ISIS are con-sidered the birthplace of modern civili-zation. As we stand here on the floor of the House, we see behind us the relief of the great lawgivers. First, there is Moses. Next to him is Hammurabi for Hammurabi’s Code, the great lawgivers and heroes of liberty. We think about the fact that, in this part of the world, these antiquities are now in the hands of ISIS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.062 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1987 April 26, 2016 
As one expert told the Financial Services Committee’s Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing last week, this is where the Acadian King Hammurabi ruled at the beginning of the second millennium BC and where the Hebrew prophet Jonah preached successfully repentance to the Assyr-ian Ninevites 1,000 years later. Now, in 2015, ISIS has as many as 4,500 cultural sites under its control. A raid carried out last year by U.S. Spe-cial Forces revealed that ISIS has in-vested heavily in the looting and smug-gling of antiquities in the region as they cut up antiquities and then try to trade them for hard currency. The legislation before us today is an important step toward curbing this il-licit trade and limiting funding to these terrorists. I do want to note that the bill’s emergency import restric-tions are not designed to continue in perpetuity and can be waived under certain conditions for the temporary safeguarding of cultural property in the United States. The bill also presses the administra-tion to increase accountability for U.S. efforts to protect cultural property overseas and improves congressional oversight of this work. I appreciate the other committees of jurisdiction for working with the For-eign Affairs Committee on this meas-ure, particularly the Committee on Ways and Means for its assistance on the cultural import restrictions in this bill. Lastly, I want to recognize the work of the committee staff on this impor-tant legislation, particularly Jessica Kelch, who, along with Mark Iozzi on Mr. E
NGEL ’s staff and Kristen Marquardt on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee staff, worked out all the com-plexities to deliver what I am confident will be effective legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 1493. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 21 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4498, HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS ACT Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–530) on the resolution (H. Res. 701) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4498) to clarify the defini-tion of general solicitation under Fed-eral securities law, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4820, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4096, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
COMBATING TERRORIST RECRUITMENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4820) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or estranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruit-ment, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 322, nays 79, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 164] YEAS—322 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—79 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Brown (FL) Butterfield Capuano Cartwright Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Conyers DeFazio DeGette Dingell Doggett Ellison Farr Fudge Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lofgren Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.063 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1988 April 26, 2016 
Meeks Moore Moulton Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pocan Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (MS) Tsongas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
NOT VOTING—32 
Barletta Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Carson (IN) Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeLauro Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Gohmert Gutie´rrez Hanna Issa Lawrence Lujan Grisham (NM) MacArthur Meehan Napolitano Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Shuster Stutzman Van Hollen Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Young (IN) 
b1851 Mr. CLAY, Mses. MATSUI, BASS, Messrs. KILDEE, NORCROSS, NEAL, Ms. M
CCOLLUM, Messrs. MEEKS, WELCH, VEASEY, RICHMOND, RUSH, and DOGGETT changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. COOPER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former violent extrem-ists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: Rollcall No. 164—‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
NINTH ANNUAL CONGRESSIONAL CHARITY GOLF CLASSIC (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, for the last 2 years, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) and I have had the honor of co-chairing the Congressional Charity Golf Classic with Members and former Members. This year, the tournament was a great success. We had over 200 partici-pants, counting Members, former Mem-bers, military, and volunteers. The charity chosen by the United States Association of Former Members of Congress for the past 9 years has been Warfighter Sports, which is an organi-zation that enables our most severely wounded military people—those who have lost legs or arms or who have been blinded—to participate in sports. This year, we were able to raise $137,000 for that great charity. The Republicans won the Speaker’s Trophy, which I have here, by a score of 158–109. The number one team was headed by the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. YARMUTH ), and the number two team was headed by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ). I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), the co-chairman. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to co-chair the Congressional Charity Golf Classic. The real winners of this golf tour-nament are the wounded warriors we golfed with. Over the last number of years, since we have changed the for-mat, we have been able to see the changes in them. There is a competitiveness between Republicans and Democrats, but we also play with a lot of people who have literally put their life on the line for our country. They have illnesses and disabilities that this program benefits. I want to thank my colleague from Tennessee. Coming from Texas, I will quit saying the best thing from Ten-nessee came out in 1836. It was a lot of fun, and I thank the gentleman for doing this. 
f 
INVESTOR CLARITY AND BANK PARITY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4096) to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment ad-visers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 395, nays 3, not voting 35, as follows: 
[Roll No. 165] YEAS—395 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.040 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1989 April 26, 2016 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—3 
Gabbard Nadler Schakowsky 
NOT VOTING—35 
Barletta Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Carson (IN) Cartwright Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeLauro Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Gohmert Gutie´rrez Hanna Issa Lawrence Lujan Grisham (NM) MacArthur Meehan Moulton Napolitano Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Stutzman Van Hollen Westmoreland Whitfield Young (IN) 
b1902 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded on any votes as I was delayed in trav-eling back to Washington, DC. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 164, passage of H.R. 4820—Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016. ‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 165, passage of H.R. 4096—Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 164 on H.R. 4820, I am not recorded due to a family emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On rollcall No. 165 on H.R. 4096, I am not recorded due to a family emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 5054, AGRI-CULTURE, RURAL DEVELOP-MENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMIN-ISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. ADERHOLT, from the Com-mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–531) on the bill (H.R. 5054) making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the Union Calendar and or-dered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. REPORT ON H.R. 5055, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. SIMPSON, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–532) on the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. f 
REMEMBRANCE OF THE VICTIMS OF THE RECENT FLOODING IN HOUSTON, TEXAS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, in Houston, Harris County, and sur-rounding counties last week, eight of our fellow citizens lost their lives. I want to offer our thoughts and prayers on behalf of the families of German Antonio Franco, Claudia Melgar, Sunita Vikas, Malhara Singh, Pedro Rascon Morales, Charles Edward Odum, Suresh Kumar Talluri, and Teri White Rodriguez. They are all loving members of families, who now have lost their lives, and the families are saddened by their loss. In the course of this, I want to thank the first responders for their coura-geous efforts in, one, seeking to find these individuals, and also helping those who have been impacted by the flooding. The efforts of Houstonians who came to the aid of neighbors and strangers during the flooding saved more lives and provided comfort to those im-pacted. We offer a special thanks to the di-verse religious communities that re-sponded with generosity, by feeding and helping thousands of households left homeless. We are also very grateful for the presence and laudable work of the American Red Cross and, as well, the City of Houston and Harris County, the mayor and county judge, all who were participating in this effort along with other elected officials. When tragedy strikes, we come to-gether, congressional persons, State persons, local elected officials, because we are Texans. It was very sad to lose this many people in a storm that was unexpected. In Ecclesiastes Chapter 3: ‘‘To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven . . . a time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance.’’ I would ask, as we begin to try and rebuild our lives, that we have a mo-ment of silence; if my colleagues would stand in a moment of silence for those names that I have called: German An-tonio Franco, Claudia Melgar, Sunita Vikas, Malhara Singh, Pedro Rascon Morales, Charles Edward Odum, Suresh Kumar Talluri, and Teri White Rodri-guez. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of my colleagues in the Texas Congres-sional Delegation in remembrance of those who lost their lives during the Flooding tragedy that occurred in the city of Houston and the surrounding area. Our thoughts and prayers are offered on be-half of and for the families of: 1. German Antonio Franco 2. Claudia Melgar 3. Sunita Vikas 4. Malhara Singh 5. Pedro Rascon Morales 6. Charles Edward Odum 7. Suresh Kumar Talluri 8. Teri White Rodriguez I thank all of the first responders for their courageous and effective efforts to bring as-sistance and support to those impacted by the flooding last week. The efforts of Houstonians who came to the aid of neighbors and strangers during the flooding saved lives and provided comfort to those impacted. We offer a special thanks to the diverse reli-gious community of Houston who responded with generosity and compassion to over 1000 households left homeless by the flooding. We are also very grateful for the presence and laudable work of the American Red Cross whose volunteers some of which were also victims of the flooding immediately began to offer aid and assistance to flood victims. As elected officials we share a common bond with our constituents that motivate our work on their behalf each day. When tragedy strikes we in the Texas Dele-gation cease to see the victims as being from a city, town or rural community but as Texans who are in trouble or in need of help. Ecclesiastics Chapter 3: 
To everything there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven . . . A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance. 
This past week has been a time of weeping for far too many Houstonians and those im-pacted in the State of Texas by flooding, which caused more than $5 billion in damage and loss of life. Today the House stands as one to express our condolences to those impacted by the flooding and to show our commitment that we will do all that we can to ease the suffering of those affected and work to minimize the dam-age caused by flooding in our State of Texas and every other state. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of those who perished in the Houston floods. 
f 
GERMANY HAS A MORAL OBLIGA-TION TO HOLOCAUST SURVIVORS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, along with Congressman T
EDDEUTCH , I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.042 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1990 April 26, 2016 
introduced H. Con. Res. 129, a resolu-tion urging Germany to honor its com-mitments and fulfill its moral obliga-tions to Holocaust survivors. Germany, even by the current government’s own admission, has fallen short of Chan-cellor Adenauer’s promise to take care of all of the needs of all Holocaust sur-vivors. Due to the horrific physical and men-tal pain that they have endured, Holo-caust survivor needs are more complex than other elderly individuals. There can be no more delay, Mr. Speaker. All Holocaust survivors must be provided all of the medical, mental, and home care needs that they require. Mr. Speaker, there are nearly 15,000 Holocaust survivors in my home State of Florida alone. There are many in my district, like my good friends, Jack Rubin, David Mermelstein, David Schaecter, Herbie Karliner, Joe Sachs, and Alex Gross. I made a vow that I would continue to fight on behalf of them and all Holo-caust survivors, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in urging Germany to honor its commitments to all Holo-caust survivors and to please cosponsor this resolution. 
f 
AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of April as National Au-tism Awareness Month. As co-chair of the Bipartisan Disabil-ities Caucus and the proud uncle of a young man with autism, I understand many of the unique challenges that this condition presents. I am also aware of the opportunities we can create with a strong commit-ment to research, education, and the right treatments and interventions. This past Sunday, in my home State of Rhode Island, the Autism Project held its 14th Annual Imagine Walk and Family Fun Day. Each year, this event keeps getting bigger and bigger, both because the awareness continues to grow, but also because autism con-tinues to grow as a challenge. Thanks to the executive director, Jo-anne Quinn, and the entire team of the Autism Project, thousands of Rhode Is-landers joined together for a fun-filled day to increase awareness of autism spectrum disorder. Every year, they inspire me to fight for programs and resources that will lead to a better future for families liv-ing with autism, and I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in this fight by supporting Autism Awareness not just in April, but every month of the year. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE MINNETONKA GIRLS BASKET-BALL TEAM (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Minnetonka High School girls basketball team for winning the high school Minnesota State championship. The Skippers won the title with a very hard-fought vic-tory over conference rival Hopkins by a score of 61–52. The Minnetonka team overcame his-tory to win the title. Hopkins was seeking its fifth title in 6 years, while Minnetonka had only made the tour-nament once in school history. But this Minnetonka team was determined, right from the tip-off, and finished the game off with a strong run to secure the championship for the school and for the community. Mr. Speaker, this basketball team is blessed with a number of talented play-ers who worked hard to get to this point, including some that will con-tinue to play at the college level. But even more than that, they are student athletes who have lived up to their ob-ligations in both the classroom and also in our community. The coaches, parents, and fans of the Minnetonka team are very proud. We wish them well in their accomplish-ment. Congratulations again to the Minnetonka High School girls basket-ball team. f 
KAPOLEI MIDDLE SCHOOL TEACH-ER HONORED BY THE WHITE HOUSE (Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Carolyn Kirio from my congressional district. Carolyn is the librarian at Kapolei Middle School. She will be honored at the White House next week for her unparalleled devo-tion to her work and her students. As librarian at Kapolei Middle School, Carolyn recognized that over 1,400 students had limited access to li-brary resources since the school’s mul-titrack calendar conflicted with li-brary hours. To address this, Carolyn creatively wove technology into li-brary resources to increase accessi-bility for both students and teachers. Now, students and teachers are able to access library material at any time on-line, which, in turn, has increased their potential in the classroom. Our State is fortunate to have school librarians such as Carolyn who devote time and energy and to ensure that every student has the means he or she needs to succeed. Her efforts have truly made a difference. Congratulations, Carolyn, for your well-deserved recognition. 
f 
HONORING THE PASSING OF TONY COSTILLO OF AURORA, COLORADO (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Tony Costillo, a longtime friend of mine, from my hometown of Aurora, Colo-rado, who recently passed away. Tony and I had a friendship that started in our youth. We had so much in common. Tony and I both came from military families. Our late fathers had both married war brides in the after-math of World War II. They were ca-reer enlisted soldiers who were trans-ferred to Fitzsimons Army Medical Center for their last assignment in 1964 when we were both just 9 years old. Our military families both came from pre-vious assignments in Europe. While I followed in my father’s foot-steps and joined the military, Tony stayed in Aurora and eventually mar-ried the love of his life, Nita Adkins of Pueblo, Colorado. Tony and Nita raised two extraor-dinary children, Ben and Jess, in a lov-ing family that has been inseparable. Tony was an extraordinary example of a great friend, a loving husband, a devoted father, and he will always be remembered and missed by all who knew him. f 
b1915 BRING BACK OUR GIRLS (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Wear Something Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. I thank Leader P
ELOSI for her unwav-ering support, as well as all of my other colleagues. I thank Representa-tive G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , CURTCLAWSON , K
AREN BASS, TRENT FRANKS , BARBARA  L
EE, G REGORY MEEKS , and S HEILA  J
ACKSON LEEfor joining me and the es-caped Chibok schoolgirls for a candle-light vigil in front of the State Depart-ment last Wednesday all in red. At the very same time in Nigeria, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, met with other escaped Chibok girls and praised them for their bravery. Ambas-sador Power promised that President Obama had not forgotten and America will not give up until the thousands of women and girls kidnapped by Boko Haram were freed. You can watch a piece featuring the candlelight vigil and Ambassador Pow-er’s trip at 12:35 a.m. on ABC Nightline tomorrow night. We will continue to highlight this issue through our words and our actions. Please wear red tomorrow. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. Tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. 
f 
ANZAC DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.070 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1991 April 26, 2016 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, while horrific trench warfare was taking place in Europe, half a continent away on April 25, 1915, the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps, ANZAC, set out to capture the Dardanelles and Gallipoli, but met fierce resistance from the Ottoman Turks. It was World War I, 100 years ago. What was originally intended to quickly eliminate Turkey from the war turned into a bloody, 8-month battle. More than 8,000 Australians and 2,400 New Zealanders died in that campaign. The battle and the losses of so many caused Australians and New Zealanders to remember the sacrifice of all those who died on ANZAC Day, a day of re-membrance, April 25. The Australians have built a magnificent memorial to their war dead. Having seen it, I was humbly inspired how Australians show gratitude to their fallen warriors. Mr. Speaker, join me in honoring our friends and allies, the Aussies and the Kiwis across the sea, as they honor their fallen on ANZAC Day, those who died in the war to end all wars. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
REMEMBERING CHERNOBYL (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night for two purposes. The first is to warmly recognize my noble brother, Steve. I am so proud of you. The second reason I rise is as co- chair of the Ukrainian Caucus to com-memorate one of the greatest engineer-ing and political tragedies in modern history. Thirty years ago today, on April 26, 1986, at 1:23 a.m., operators in the control room of reactor number 4 mishandled a routine safety test at Chernobyl’s Vladimir Illyich Lenin Nu-clear Power Station in the former So-viet Union, now present-day Ukraine. The mishandled test led to a cata-strophic explosion that burned for 10 days, and the radioactive fallout spread over tens of thousands of square miles forcing more than one-quarter of a mil-lion people permanently from their homes. Its plumes reached northern Europe as well. Chernobyl’s legacy remains a heavy burden for the people of Ukraine. To its everlasting shame, the Soviet Union tried to cover up the severity of the disaster engulfing the region with re-percussions that could have been avoid-ed. The event drove one-third of a mil-lion people from their homes and trig-gered an epidemic level of thyroid can-cer. Over the years, the economic losses have amounted to hundreds of billions of dollars. Mr. Speaker, the impact of Chernobyl lingers socially, economically, and cul-turally. We, as a free world, should help build a bright future for these communities and their people who per-severed in the face of such profound ca-tastrophe. f 
COMMENDING ENVIRONMENTAL WORK OF HOUSE SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSERVATION AND FOR-ESTRY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, from our Nation’s farmers to our foresters, anglers, hunters, and those who love the outdoors, good land management and conservation prac-tices hold endless benefits. To support this stewardship, the 2014 farm bill provides substantial opportu-nities for agricultural conservation. This includes initiatives such as the Conservation Reserve Program, Envi-ronmental Quality Incentives Program, and Conservation Stewardship Pro-gram, just to name a few. These voluntary programs are essen-tial in assisting landowners to imple-ment best management practices while also improving water quality and the surrounding watersheds. The farm bill and the committee have also worked to promote well-man-aged forests. Our Nation’s forests, of course, are economic engines in many rural areas while providing resources for our Nation. Additionally, our for-ests also deliver significant ecological benefits because they are natural water filters, as well as our most important carbon sinks. With Earth Day last Friday, I think it is timely to recognize all the great conservation work going on in our communities and in our committee, and the importance of managed land and water. With that in mind, it re-mains essential that we continue ac-tive stewardship of our forests, farm-lands, soils, and watersheds. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MATTS WILCOXEN (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated and hardworking member of my office who is graduating and will be a leader in our Nation’s Armed Forces. Over the course of two semesters, Matts Wilcoxen made a lasting impres-sion in my district office with his work ethic, good attitude, and commitment to public service. Despite being a full- time student at the Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville campus and a member of their ROTC program, he volunteered several days per week to assist constituents and communities throughout my congressional district. Matts has distinguished himself far beyond the walls of my district office. He will graduate from SIUE as a Dis-tinguished Military Graduate signi-fying that he finished in the top 10 per-cent of all cadets that are commis-sioning this year. He additionally served as the battalion commander for the first semester of this academic year and was the deputy battalion commander during the second semes-ter. Next month, Matts will not only graduate, but he will also be commis-sioned as a second lieutenant in the Armor Branch of the U.S. Army. Matts is a motivated leader who will serve our Nation proudly in the Army. I am proud of Matts and his dedication to public service and our country and wish him nothing but the best in his future endeavors. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mrs. Napolitano (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1579. An Act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordina-tion and collaboration between Federal tour-ism asests, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and to the Committee on House Administration for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 27, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Offical Foreign Travel during the first quarter of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jul 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\H26AP6.REC H26AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1992 April 26, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, ANNE BRADBURY, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 30 AND FEB. 9, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Anne Bradbury ......................................................... 1 /30 1 /31 Australia .................................... ........... .................... 615.00 .................... *11,569.15 .................... .................... .................. .. 12,184.15 1 /31 2 /3 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 879.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 879.00 2 /3 2 /7 Antarctica ............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /7 2 /8 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 293.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 293.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,787.00 .................... 11,569.15 .................... .................... ...... .............. 13,356.15 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. *Transportation costs all inclusive for the trip. ANNE BRADBURY, Apr. 18, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calender quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHARLES W. DENT, Chairman, Apr. 8, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calender quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, Apr. 11, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND M AR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. PETE SESSIONS, Chairman, Apr. 4, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Apr. 4, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. ORRIN G. HATCH, Chairman, Apr. 13, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.001 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1993 April 26, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 A ND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Janice Helwig ........................................................... 1 /20 3 /23 Austria .................................... .............. Euro 20,894.00 .................... 9,486.56 .................... .................... .................... 30,380.56  3 /16 3 /22 Kazakhstan ........................................... Tenge 2,238.00 .................... 6,638.80 .................. .. .................... .................... 8,876.80 Robert Hand ............................................................ 2 /23 2 /27 Austria ..................................... ............. Euro 945.00 .................... 1,620.76 .................... .................... .................... 2,565.76 Mischa Thompson .................................................... 3 /11 3 /23 Germany ......................................... ....... Euro 3,531.98 .................... 8,875.02 .................... .................... .................... 12,407.00 ............. ................. Belgium ................................................ Euro .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. The Netherlands ................................... Euro .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... Nathaniel Hurd ........................................................ 3 /12 3 /16 Germany ...................................... .......... Euro 749.17 .................... 1,975.36 .................... .................... .................... 2,724.53 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 28,358.15 .................... 28,596.50 .................... .................... ..... ............... 56,954.65 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, Apr. 11, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5152. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing sev-enteen officers to wear the insignia of the grade major general or brigadier general, as indicated, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); ; to the Committee on Armed Services. 5153. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Safety Standard for Portable Hook-On Chairs [Docket No.: CPSC-2015-0016] received April 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5154. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 PDUFA Financial Report, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 379h-2(b); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 736B (as amended by Public Law 112-144, Sec. 104( 1)); (126 Stat. 1000); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5155. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 Performance Report to Congress for the Pre-scription Drug User Fee Act, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 379h-2(a); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 736B (as amended by Public Law 112-144, Sec. 104( 1)); (126 Stat. 1000); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5156. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the 2015 ADUFA Financial Report, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 379j-13(b); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 740A (as amended by Public Law 113-14, Sec. 104); (127 Stat. 462); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5157. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 AGDUFA Financial Report, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 379j-22(b); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 742 (as amended by Public Law 113-14, Sec. 203); (127 Stat. 472); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5158. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 Performance Report to Congress for the Bio-similar User Fee Act, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 379j-53(a); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 744I (as added by Public Law 112-144, Sec. 403); (126 Stat. 1037); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5159. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 GDUFA Financial Report, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 379j-43(b); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 744C (as added by Public Law 112-144, Sec. 303); (126 Stat. 1022); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5160. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 Performance Report to Congress for the Med-ical Device User Fee Amendments, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 379j-1(a); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 738A (as amended by Public Law 112-144, Sec. 204( b)); (126 Stat. 1006); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5161. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-visor, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d)(1); Public Law 92-403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5162. A letter from the Executive Director, Interstate Commission on the Potomac River Basin, transmitting the Seventy- Fourth Financial Statements for the period of October 1, 2014 to September 30, 2015, pur-suant to 31 U.S.C. 3512(d)(3); Sept. 12, 1950, ch. 946, Sec. 112 (as added by Public Law 97-255, Sec. 2); (96 Stat. 815); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5163. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the 2016 Annual Report: The U.S. Department of Transportation’s (DOT) Status of Actions Addressing the Safety Issue Areas on the Na-tional Transportation Safety Board’s (NTSB) Most Wanted List, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 1135(e)(1); Public Law 103-272, Sec. 1(d) (as amended by Public Law 111-216, Sec. 202(b)); (124 Stat. 2351); to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 5164. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Regulated Naviga-tion Area; Columbia River, Kalama, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0237] (RIN: 1625- AA11) received April 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5165. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Hebda Cup Rowing Regatta; Detroit River, Trenton Channel; Wyandotte, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0208] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received April 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5166. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Special Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Recurring Marine Events and Fireworks Displays within the Fifth Coast Guard District [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0854] (RIN: 1625-AA00, AA08) received April 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4096. A bill to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a pri-vate equity fund, subject to certain restric-tions, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–523). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2901. A bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to re-quire that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–524). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4820. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or estranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–525). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 207. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for improvements to small business development centers; with amendments (Rept. 114–526). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. House Joint Resolution 88. Resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’ (Rept. 114–527, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 699. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to update the privacy protections for electronic communications information that is stored by third-party service providers in order to protect con-sumer privacy interests while meeting law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.001 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1994 April 26, 2016 
enforcement needs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–528). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. S. 1890. An act to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Fed-eral jurisdiction for the theft of trade se-crets, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–529). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 701. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4498) to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities law (Rept. 114–530). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. ADERHOLT: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 5054. A bill making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–531). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SIMPSON: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 5055. A bill making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–532). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration House Joint Resolution 88 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GUINTA: H.R. 5048. A bill to require a study by the Comptroller General of the United States on Good Samaritan laws that pertain to treat-ment of opioid overdoses, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): H.R. 5049. A bill to provide for improved management and oversight of major multi- user research facilities funded by the Na-tional Science Foundation, to ensure trans-parency and accountability of construction and management costs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. UPTON (for himself, Mr. P
AL-
LONE , Mr. W HITFIELD , and Mr. R USH): H.R. 5050. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 5051. A bill to expand the Govern-ment’s use and administration of data to fa-cilitate transparency, effective governance, and innovation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. M
CCARTHY (for himself and Mr. H
OYER ): H.R. 5052. A bill to direct the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to evaluate the effective-ness of grant programs that provide grants for the primary purpose of providing assist-ance in addressing problems pertaining to opioid abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5053. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from requiring that the iden-tity of contributors to 501(c) organizations be included in annual returns; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KEATING (for himself, Mr. KATKO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mrs. T
ORRES , and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 5056. A bill to modernize and enhance airport perimeter and access control security by requiring updated risk assessments and the development of security strategies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. R
OTHFUS ): H.R. 5057. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a continuing edu-cation requirement for employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs authorized to prescribe medication; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. K
AP-
TUR, Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. C LAY, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. L EE, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. H
INOJOSA , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. E DWARDS , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD ): H.R. 5058. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to require certain consumer reporting agencies to include a credit score when providing consumers with a free annual consumer report; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Ms. BROWN of Florida: H.R. 5059. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to modify the definition of ‘‘surviving spouse’’ for purposes of the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Ms. S
PEIER , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California): H.R. 5060. A bill to reform the Department of Defense approach to preventing, respond-ing to, and reporting incidents of hazing in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. E DWARDS , Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. H AHN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. M
OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. W AGNER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. B
ASS): H.R. 5061. A bill to authorize the Adminis-trator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention of the Department of Justice to award grants to local edu-cational agencies to establish, expand, and support programs to train school staff to rec-ognize and respond to signs of labor and sex trafficking; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 5062. A bill to provide for a more in-clusive voluntary civilian national service program to promote civic engagement, en-hance national unity, and foster a sense of shared sacrifice by helping young Americans participate in national service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. I
SSA, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. D UFFY ): H.R. 5063. A bill to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. HANNA (for himself, Mr. K
IL-
MER, Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. M ENG, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. C AR-
NEY): H.R. 5064. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to allow small business develop-ment centers to assist and advise small busi-ness concerns on relevant cyber security matters, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-self, Mr. K
ATKO , and Miss R ICEof New York): H.R. 5065. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to notify air carriers and security screening personnel of the Trans-portation Security Administration of such Administration’s guidelines regarding per-mitting baby formula, breast milk, and juice on airplanes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself and Mr. L
OUDERMILK ): H.R. 5066. A bill to authorize the President to provide assistance to Israel to protect the coastline of Israel and natural gas fields lo-cated in the exclusive economic zone of Israel, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. R USH, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. L
EE, Mr. C LAY, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. E
DWARDS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 5067. A bill to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.011 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1995 April 26, 2016 
By Mr. LONG (for himself and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 5068. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish the Office of the Chief Information Security Officer with-in the Department of Health and Human Services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: H.R. 5069. A bill to amend the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 to protect investors by ex-panding the mandated internal controls re-ports and disclosures to include cybersecu-rity systems and risks of publicly traded companies; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5070. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to provide for a school and child care lead testing grant program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Ms. P
INGREE ): H.R. 5071. A bill to prohibit the President from regulating the provision of certain technical services in the United States for an aircraft of a foreign air carrier that is en route to or from another country, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 5072. A bill to provide for tribal dem-onstration projects for the integration of early childhood development, education, in-cluding Native language and culture, and re-lated services, for evaluation of those dem-onstration projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-self, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. H
ENSARLING ): H.J. Res. 91. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to parental rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G
IBSON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. T AKAI, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. K
NIGHT , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H. Res. 702. A resolution celebrating the contributions of small businesses and entre-preneurs in every community in the United States during ‘‘National Small Business Week’’, beginning on May 1 through May 7, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. ENGEL: H. Res. 703. A resolution expressing support for designation of November 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Bladder Health Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-self, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. B
OST, and Mr. G UTHRIE ): H. Res. 704. A resolution recognizing the roles and contributions of teachers to build-ing and enhancing the Nation’s civic, cul-tural, and economic well-being; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. H
AHN, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. B ROWN  of Florida, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. F
ATTAH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L
EWIS, and Ms. N ORTON ): H. Res. 705. A resolution expressing support for designation of June as ‘‘National Men’s Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GUINTA: H.R. 5048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 5049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Consitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 5050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 5051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 5052 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: a) Article I, Section 1, which states, ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives’’; and b) Article I, Section 7, which states, ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills’’; and c) Article I, Section 8, which states, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes,’’ and ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. ADERHOLT: H.R. 5054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 5055. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 5058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ By Ms. BROWN of Florida: H.R. 5059. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8, Cls. 18 The Congress shall have Power *** To make any Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 5060. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 5061. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26AP7.100 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1996 April 26, 2016 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5062. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States of America By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 5063. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the Appropriations Power granted to Congress by that section; Article I, Sec-tion 7, Clause 1 of the United States Con-stitution, in that the legislation concerns the legislative powers granted to Congress by that section; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. HANNA: H.R. 5064. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have the power to . . . regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with In-dian Tribes. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 5065. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HIGGINS: H.R. 5066. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5067. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LONG: H.R. 5068. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: H.R. 5069. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5070. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 5071. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 gives Congress the power to ‘‘Regulate commerce with foreign Nations’’ By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 5072. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 necessary and proper clause By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: H.J. Res. 91. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it nec-essary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. C APUANO and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 24: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 27: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 183: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina and Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 194: Mr. W
OODALL and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. H.R. 292: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 303: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. J UDY C
HUof California. H.R. 343: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 546: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 592: Mr. C
ONYERS and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 649: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 664: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 711: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 793: Mr. C
ONYERS and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 815: Mr. J
OLLY , Mr. D ENT, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 845: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 913: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 921: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C ULBER -
SON. H.R. 927: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 953: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 973: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 980: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1130: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1197: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1199: Mr. G
IBSON and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 1221: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1233: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1271: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1309: Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 1312: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-lina. H.R. 1398: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1427: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. R ENACCI , and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1439: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1486: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1516: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1519: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1586: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1602: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 1603: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1688: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 1706: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 1711: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 1718: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1736: Mr. H
UELSKAMP and Ms. B ROWN  of Florida. H.R. 1779: Ms. MENG, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. L EVIN, and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1784: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 1818: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2030: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2121: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2180: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2189: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 2197: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2257: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2260: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 2309: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2342: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2368: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2434: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 2449: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2450: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2515: Ms. G
RAHAM and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 2536: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2622: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2658: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 2698: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 2711: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 2728: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2740: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2747: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2775: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2850: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2894: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2896: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 2901: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 2903: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 2948: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
UFFMAN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2962: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2972: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 2980: Mr. A
SHFORD and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 3110: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 3117: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 3119: Mr. D
OGGETT and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 3222: Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. B RADY of Texas and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 3235: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 3237: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 3308: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. T
SONGA , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 3323: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 3326: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 3355: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3381: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3394: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 3445: Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 3463: Mr. V
EASEY and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 3514: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois, and Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 3604: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3632: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 3660: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 3687: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3693: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.020 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1997 April 26, 2016 
H.R. 3722: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3765: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 3779: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3815: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 3817: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 3832: Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. R EED, and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 3862: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3870: Mr. M
ASSIE and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 3880: Mr. D
UFFY and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 3931: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 3989: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C
OLE, and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 3991: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4029: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4032: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4062: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 4065: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4134: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 4137: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4160: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4172: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 4184: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4223: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4247: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 4277: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. A
MODEI , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. P IERLUISI . H.R. 4301: Mr. H
UELSKAMP and Mr. N UNES . H.R. 4365: Mr. B
LUM, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. F LEMING , Ms. M OORE , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . H.R. 4396: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4433: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4446: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4448: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. K ING of Iowa, and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4450: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4474: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 4479: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4488: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 4505: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4519: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4554: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 4597: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 4603: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4613: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4614: Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4625: Mr. Polls, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L
ANCE , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 4626: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. E MMER  of Minnesota, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4640: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 4653: Mr. LEVIN, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4667: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4674: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4681: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 4683: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 4695: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4715: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 4730: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. J
ORDAN , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 4731: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 4764: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. H EN-
SARLING . H.R. 4766: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 4773: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S AN-
FORD , and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 4774: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. G
RAYSON and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 4775: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. B LUM, Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 4795: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4796: Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4798: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 4819: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 4820: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 4848: Mr. H
ENSARLING and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 4869: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4871: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4922: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 4924: Mr. M
ULVANEY and Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4926: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. F OXX, Mr. F
ORBES , and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 4932: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4933: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 4941: Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 4942: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 4949: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 4956: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 4960: Mr. B
OST, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R USH, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi- nois. H.R. 4978: Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4980: Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4991: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5012: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 5032: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 5036: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota and Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 5046: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 5047: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD and Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.J. Res. 1: Mr. G
OSAR . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. G
OSAR . H.J. Res. 23: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.J. Res. 87: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. Y
ODER , and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.J. Res. 88: Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. B EYER , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, and Miss R ICEof New York. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H. Res. 12: Mr. R
EED. H. Res. 112: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 210: Mr. L
AMALFA . H. Res. 230: Mr. D
EUTCH . H. Res. 419: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H. Res. 494: Mr. F
LEMING . H. Res. 569: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, and Ms. G ABBARD . H. Res. 605: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali- fornia. H. Res. 625: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H. Res. 637: Mr. A
GUILAR . H. Res. 642: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 660: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida and Mr. H
UNTER . H. Res. 670: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 681: Mr. R
ANGEL and Mr. T AKANO . H. Res. 690: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. M OORE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentatives M
AXINE WATERS , or a designee, to H.R. 4498, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act, does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.027 H26APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2425 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 2016 No. 64 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray: Loving Father, You are high above all nations, and Your glory is above the Heavens. The Earth belongs to You. You own the silver and gold and the cattle upon a thousand hills. We con-fess that we often forget that right-eousness exalts a nation but sin is a re-proach to any people. We thank You for Your mercies that come to us new each day. May we live lives of grati-tude because of Your generous kind-ness. Today, use our Senators as instru-ments of Your glory. Fill them with Your peace as they keep their minds fixed on You. Lord, bless our Nation. Make it a beacon of freedom and righteousness in these challenging times. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, when the new majority resolved to get the Senate back to work, we knew we would have to get committees func-tioning first. We believed that would be critical to helping Members on both sides rediscover their voices and find common ground and then develop real stakes in the outcome. That certainly is what we have seen this appropria-tions season. The Appropriations Committee has already held dozens of hearings. It has marked up funding bills at a steady clip. It is sending good legislation to the floor. One of those bills is the energy secu-rity and water infrastructure appro-priations measure which is before us now. This legislation is important for American energy, for American water-ways and ports, and for American com-merce and safety. It will also maintain our nuclear deterrence posture by en-suring nuclear stockpile readiness, which is important for national secu-rity. I would like to recognize the bill managers for their diligent work to bring this legislation to the floor for consideration. I would also like to rec-ognize the leadership of the Appropria-tions Committee for its work in get-ting this process moving. By returning to regular order, we have opened up the process and empowered Senators—both those who sit on the Appropriations Committee and those who do not—to have more of a say in the appropria-tions legislation. That is important be-cause these funding bills can affect each of our States. The progress we have seen already is encouraging. It shows what is possible when the Senate gets back to a produc-tive legislative process. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, I appreciate the good work, the exemplary work done on the Energy and Water appro-priations bill by Senators FEINSTEIN  and A
LEXANDER . I managed that legis-lation for many years. Most of the time, it was with Pete Domenici from New Mexico. I was the chair most of the time but not all of the time. But it didn’t matter—our job was to move the bill forward. What people don’t realize about this most important bill is that most of the funding is not for energy and water as we look at it, it is defense related— making sure our nuclear weapons are safe and reliable and things of that na-ture, making sure our National Labs are funded. So I appreciate their good work. It has been very good. I appre-ciate it. Last night the Republican leader filed cloture. Cloture was filed not be-cause of any problems on our side. We should finish the work on the bill to-morrow or maybe Thursday. But I am glad we are going to get it done. It is an extremely important piece of legis-lation. I am glad we started here. I am glad to hear my friend the Republican leader talk about the appropriations process moving forward. But we have to understand that we have a lot more bills to go. This is only one—one out of many, one out of a dozen. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mr. REID. Mr. President, I want to be clear about something else, something that is vitally important, something that is imperative. The Senate must do something now to address the outbreak of the Zika virus. We are not going to interfere with the Energy and Water appropriations bill, but we must do something to confront this scourge that is facing our country and the western part of the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.000 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2426 April 26, 2016 
Anyone who has followed the news over the past few months has undoubt-edly heard about the spread of Zika. Zika is a virus spread by mosquitos in warmer tropical areas. We have warm-er areas in the United States—not tropical but warm—and they breed mosquitos. Zika has been linked to many health problems, but most nota-ble is a terrible birth defect called microencephaly. We have all seen pic-tures of these babies with these small heads, caused by a mosquito bite. Dr. Anthony Fauci from the National Institutes of Health—he is the leader of the institute dealing with infectious disease—came to the Capitol last Thursday. He briefed us about this thing called Zika. He described how dangerous it is. He was accompanied by people from the Centers for Disease Control. He is, of course, representing the National Institutes of Health. We also had the Secretary of Health and Human Services. They were here to tell us how serious the situation is, how dangerous it is. There are a number of problems as a result of this virus, but the one that has been most illustrated is the fact that in infants the skull does not fully form. So the skull never completely pushes out to form around the brain. So when they are born, these babies have tiny, undeveloped skulls. Some-times the skulls collapse. Aside from the damaged brains and skulls, these babies also have, of course, developmental delays. Earlier this year a baby in Hawaii was born with this disease, but, sadly, the worst is on its way. We have seen cases of this virus all over the continental United States. These have been linked to travel or transmitted from someone who has traveled to Zika-affected areas. Most Americans are afraid to travel abroad— and, I am sorry to say, rightfully so— for fear of mosquitos carrying Zika, that Zika will infect them. But Zika is already upon us in Puerto Rico and in Florida, and it is going to spread to other places. These mosquitos can breed in something smaller than a bot-tle cap of water. Puerto Rico is battling the local transmission of the virus as we speak. As of last Friday, the island already had more than 500 confirmed cases of Zika, and they are concerned that 1 in 5 Puerto Ricans could have been in-fected. Our fellow American citizens in Puer-to Rico have limited funding to fight this growing epidemic. We have heard about the financial problems they are having. The Puerto Rican government doesn’t even have enough money to pay contractors to empty the septic tanks in schools, which are breeding grounds for mosquito larvae, capable of pro-ducing billions of mosquitos—not mil-lions but billions. Experts tell us it won’t be long before the mosquitos carrying Zika are infect-ing people here in the continental United States. We can’t wait for that before we act. This is an emergency sit-uation, if anything ever were. The Sen-ate must do something now to counter the spread of this virus. The White House has taken money—they asked for money 2 months ago, but during that period of time, they took money from Ebola funding, which is also vi-tally important. We are doing pretty well stopping the spread of that. But taking that money away, we are going to be right back with the problem with Ebola if it is not replaced. We have a bill ready to go. Senator N
ELSON of Florida, who is going to feel this as much as any Senator in the country, has provided a bill to give the President the money he has asked for: $1.9 billion in emergency supplemental appropriations. Democrats believe this $1.9 billion is a good start. Our Nation’s public health and infectious disease ex-perts say this is roughly how much money they need to fight this virus. We would be irresponsible not to provide this money and do it now. Senator N
ELSON ’s bill will bolster our defense against Zika by funding the develop-ment of vaccines, mosquito control methods, and testing and services to those who are infected. So I say to my Republican col-leagues, I say to the Republican leader: Do we want to wait until more babies are born with these permanent disabil-ities—disabilities caused by a virus that the vaccine could help prevent, if not for all children, then for many? Do we want to wait until people in the United States start to suffer from pa-ralysis caused by Guillain-Barre syn-drome, which is also linked to Zika? It has already been more than 2 months since the President requested this emergency funding. The longer we wait, the worse it will be. States are already scrambling to ad-dress Zika. A story in the Washington Post highlighted the danger of inac-tion. I quote: 
Cities and states preparing for possible Zika outbreaks this spring and summer are losing millions of federal dollars that local officials say they were counting on, not only for on-the-ground efforts to track and con-tain the spread of the mosquito-borne virus but also to respond to other emergencies that threaten public health. Los Angeles County, for example, says it won’t be able to fill 17 vacancies at its public health laboratory or buy equipment to up-grade its capability for Zika testing. Michi-gan is concerned about providing resources to help Flint contend with its ongoing water- contamination crisis. Minnesota plans to re-duce its stockpile of certain medications needed to treat first responders during emer-gencies. The across-the-board funding cuts are part of a complicated shift of resources that the Obama administration blames on Congress for its refusal to approve the White House’s $1.9 billion emergency request to combat Zika. 
The President is right. He is pointing the finger where it belongs—right here at Congress. So I implore my Republican col-leagues, I implore my friend the Repub-lican leader: Let’s act now. We have done the work. We have a bill to pro-vide what experts need to fight this devastating virus. Let’s get it done. For more than a week, we have heard about Republicans and the appropria-tions folks working toward an agree-ment. I have yet to see it. I have heard about it. If the Republican leader and Appropriations have an alternative, they should bring it to the floor now. Democrats are happy to work toward a solution, but we have to get started. We need to get the experts the re-sources they need to prevent the spread of Zika. It is not acceptable to do noth-ing. The Senate should not leave this week without addressing legislation that fights Zika. We cannot go on break without taking care of this emergency. When the Senate finishes the work on Energy and Water, we must move to the Zika legislation. The National Institutes of Health, the Cen-ters for Disease Control, the entire Health and Human Services Cabinet of-fice—they need Congress to send them the funding necessary to start working on a solution to Zika. f 
ADDRESSING DROUGHT CONDITIONS IN THE WEST Mr. REID. Mr. President, Benjamin Franklin said: ‘‘When the well is dry, we know the worth of water.’’ The drought is here. It has been going on for 15 to 20 years in the west-ern part of the United States. All over the West, we are perilously close to running dry. The water situation is as dangerous as it has been in our life-time. The States of California, Arizona, Ne-vada, Colorado, Utah, and Wyoming don’t have these huge rivers like we see west of the Mississippi. We have, basi-cally, the little Colorado River. It is a tiny little river. In the past, it has be-come mighty, but for very short peri-ods of time. That little river is called upon to respond to everything. One of the things that is happening is that Lake Powell, the largest man-made lake in America, is going dry. There is no end in sight. This drought has dropped Lake Mead, which is the resource for water that goes everyplace in the West. Most of the water in Cali-fornia they get out of the Colorado. It all comes out of Lake Mead. Lake Mead levels have dropped to levels not seen since the Great Depres-sion. That is, of course, when the lake was born. It hasn’t been full in over three decades. To make matters worse, El Nino is supposed to ease the pain, but it hasn’t—only a little bit more. Some say up to 50 million people rely on the Colorado River. We know the State of California, with almost 40 mil-lion people, depends on it as much as any other source of water. We have to work to reverse current trends or face a future where water shortages become the new normal. The Federal Govern-ment can and should work with States on solutions that make our precious water supplies more sustainable. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.003 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2427 April 26, 2016 
need to work together, as the States of California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, and even Wyoming, which is a long way away, have worked to solve the issues. Today the Senate continues delibera-tion on the Energy and Water bill. Later this morning we will consider three amendments. One is a Reid-Hell-er amendment, which seeks to address drought conditions throughout the West. Our amendment would build on that spirit of collaboration by trying to address the fact that we need to stretch every drop of water as far as it will go. This legislation isn’t for any one city or region. It will help every State that relies upon the water in the Colorado River system: Arizona, California, Col-orado, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming. I hope this amendment will be adopt-ed. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. President, will the Chair an-nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2028, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Feinstein amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute. Alexander amendment No. 3804 (to amend-ment No. 3801), to modify provisions relating to Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided between the two managers or their designees. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, by now we have all seen reports of the neuro-logical damage that is done by the Zika virus. We have seen the damage it can do to newborn infants. It has been clinically linked to serious birth de-fects in pregnant women who contract it. Since the start of the outbreak, near-ly 900 Americans in 41 States, Wash-ington, DC, and 3 U.S. territories—in-cluding over 80 pregnant women—have already contracted Zika. In my State of Illinois, 13 people have already test-ed positive, including at least two preg-nant women. But because we have the best sci-entists and researchers in the world at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, we know more today about the virus and prevention measures than we did when most of us first heard the word ‘‘Zika’’ a few months ago. We know that mosquitoes spread the disease. We know that the arrival of warm weather signals the start of mos-quito season, but America is currently unprepared to deal with an outbreak of this dangerous virus. We must improve vector control. We must expand access to family planning, education, and con-traception. We must accelerate efforts to develop a vaccine as quickly as hu-manly possible. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention desperately needs funding to deal with this crisis, and they need it now before the summer months, when mosquitoes spread north across the United States. Congress has failed to even consider President Obama’s emergency Zika funding request. What on Earth is Con-gress waiting for? Last week Senate Democrats sent a letter to Senate Republican leadership calling for immediate action to pass the Zika supplemental request. I hope this call for action will be heard by all of my Republican colleagues, but I es-pecially hope that it resonates with my colleagues from the Southern States. These are the States that are the most likely to be hit first and hardest by the Zika mosquito virus: Florida, Mis-sissippi, Louisiana, Texas, Alabama, Arkansas, and the list goes on. In the absence of congressional ac-tion—immediate congressional ac-tion—the administration has been forced to divert funding and resources away from other important public health efforts in order to respond to Zika. This morning’s Washington Post headline in a few words tells the story: ‘‘Zika crisis costs states funds for emergency preparedness.’’ What does that mean? The President asked for this supplemental request weeks ago. The refusal of the Republican-led Con-gress to respond to the President’s re-quest for emergency public health funds to fight Zika means that we are cutting back on public health prepared-ness in States all across the Nation. Frankly, we are endangering people whom we represent because the Repub-lican majority in Congress refuses to give the President his supplemental re-quest to deal with the Zika virus. For instance, the administration just had to divert $2 million in public health emergency preparedness grants away from Illinois in order to fight Zika in Southern States. Well, let me tell you, I want to help people everywhere, including those in Southern States who are likely to be hit first, but not at the expense of the public health of the people I represent. There is an answer. President Obama suggests it—an emergency public health supplemental for the Zika virus. The Republican majority in Congress has refused to act. Both the Illinois De-partment of Public Health and the Chi-cago Department of Public Health re-ceived grants to prepare for and to re-spond to all kinds of public outbreaks, such as Ebola, Zika, and Elizabethkingia, which I will talk about in a moment. These cuts, which are being proposed in order to have the administration have enough resources to respond, are unacceptable and unexplainable. They come at a time when Illinois, my State, is in the middle of the long-est budget crisis in our State’s history. This current Governor has been unable to reach an agreement on a budget for almost 11 months, making it difficult for Illinois families and State agencies in ordinary circumstances. But because congressional Repub-lican leaders have failed to pass a Zika emergency public health supplemental requested by President Obama, the ad-ministration has had to divert money away from States such as Illinois to re-spond to the threat of the Zika virus in other States. Is this any way to govern a great Nation? Illinois should not have to lose pre-cious funding to deal with public health threats because Republican con-gressional leaders—from Southern states, I might add—have refused to pass the necessary additional funding to deal with Zika, a virus that will likely impact their States first and hardest. We have to do both. We should pass the Zika supplemental so Illinois and other States can keep the funding they need to deal with current public health threats and receive additional funding to deal with Zika. Let me talk about why diverting $2 million from my State of Illinois to Southern States for Zika is a chal-lenge. Last week the Illinois Department of Public Health and the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention confirmed 10 cases of a bacterial infection known as Elizabethkingia. It has resulted in six deaths in my State. This bacterial outbreak is separate from an outbreak in Wisconsin that resulted in over 60 cases of this infection. So in the middle of this outbreak, Illinois is losing 8 per-cent in core funding for public health contingencies because of the failure of Republican leaders in Congress to pass President Obama’s emergency public health supplemental appropriation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.004 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2428 April 26, 2016 
This means that the Illinois State Department of health is not going to be as prepared as it should be to conduct the needed epidemiology, laboratory testing, and outbreak control. And four of our health experts say there will be major cuts that hurt our ability to re-spond to public health crises. What happens tomorrow if there is another outbreak? Last year our State dealt with unex-pected serious outbreaks of Legion-naires’ disease. Taking money from one State’s public health defense effort to give it to another to deal with a public health threat makes no sense in a great nation, particularly when the President showed the appropriate lead-ership in asking for the $1.9 billion emergency supplemental to deal with the Zika crisis, and the President asked over 2 months ago. I know many Republicans are in de-nial when it comes to climate change, but if they would have been in Spring-field, IL, my home, last Sunday—just 2 days ago—sitting out on the deck in 80- degree weather in April, they might understand warm weather is coming sooner across the United States and with that warm weather, mosquitoes, and with those mosquitoes, the threat of the Zika virus. I don’t come to raise an alarm that is unmerited and unwarranted. I believe this is a serious public health chal-lenge, so serious we should not leave Congress this week and take a recess without passing the President’s emer-gency budget supplemental for public health and the Zika virus. The mosqui-toes are not going to be on recess next week, they are going to be working, and sadly they are going to be infect-ing people across the South and across the United States while congressional leaders dither. The supplemental request would pro-vide more than $1.8 billion in emer-gency funding to improve CDC vector control to control the mosquitoes that threaten us. It would accelerate efforts at the National Institutes of Health to develop a vaccine. I have heard testi-mony, so I know it takes time to de-velop a vaccine. Let’s do it in an expe-ditious, safe, thoughtful, and profes-sional way, but let us not shortchange NIH or any other agency that is facing this crisis. We need to expand education. We need to expand access to women’s health planning services. The adminis-tration provided a comprehensive plan. It cannot be implemented successfully without resources, and we should act on it this week—get it done before we leave. I joined my colleagues Senator N
EL-
SON, Leader R EID, Senator S CHUMER , and Senator H
IRONO in introducing a bill to fully fund the administration’s request. I am pleased to hear my Re-publican colleagues on the Committee on Appropriations are interested in working with Democrats to reach a deal. I see Senator A
LEXANDER on the floor. I know he is sensitive to this, and I hope he will join in calling for leadership on both sides of the Rotunda to move on this issue before we take our recess. Let us not delay this any longer. We need to ensure we aren’t diverting nec-essary Ebola money to be used for the Zika virus. It is naive to believe the Ebola threat is gone and we can ignore the possibility of its reemergence. In my State and others, we know all too well what happens when you divert money from one public health fund to another. This brings to mind the Biblical story of Noah and the great flood. Noah built the arc before the rain, not after it started. It is reckless, it is dangerous to delay. The cases of Zika are con-tinuing to grow, and inaction and fur-ther delay put many families, pregnant women, and children in jeopardy. We have seen the Zika threat coming for many months. We have had the President’s request for over 2 months. I urge my colleagues this week, before we go home, to take this appropriate action to begin to protect Americans in every State. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, at 11 a.m. we will have three votes on the Merkley, Flake, and Reid amendments. That will bring to a total of 17 the number of amendments we will have disposed of on the floor. Senator FEINSTEIN and I have worked with Members on both sides of the aisle to include many of their policy sugges-tions and requests in our basic bill. The last count I saw said 77 Members of the Senate had at least part of their re-quests or policy suggestions in our basic bill. So we are doing very well. Cloture has been filed. There are only a few amendments remaining that are in question. We hope to conclude that quickly and bring the bill to a conclu-sion. My hope is that when a Senator has a germane amendment, we can have a vote. Sometimes, if they are controver-sial, they will be at 60. We have done pretty well with that so far—giving Senators a chance to have a say and to have a vote. I would like to spend about 4 or 5 minutes on an amendment we will be voting on at 11, when we will have lim-ited time to talk—unless Senator F
EIN-
STEIN has something she would like to say before I do that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I thank the Chair. Mr. President, as I understand it, the filing deadline for first-degree amend-ments is this afternoon at either 1:30 p.m. or 2:30 p.m. So everybody should get their amendments in. I thank Senator A
LEXANDER again for the cooperative spirit with which he is working on this bill. It is very much appreciated. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I want to speak to the amendment from the Senator from Oregon, which would increase the funding for the wind en-ergy program by $15.4 million. This is in addition to the $30 million that our subcommittee has recommended at the request of Senator GARDNER of Colo-rado for the National Renewable En-ergy Laboratory and the $50 million Senator C
OLLINS of Maine has rec-ommended for offshore wind research. Within the priorities in the bill, we have already put $80 million, and this would add $15 million more. That may not seem like much, but here is my question: I wonder if the American taxpayers wouldn’t think that $23 billion is enough to spend on giant windmills—$23 billion. That is the amount the Congressional Re-search Service has said Congress has spent of taxpayer money to subsidize wealthy people so they can build giant wind turbines across America. That money has been spent from 1992 through 2016 this year. It started out as an effort to help wind turbines get started in 1992, and it has been renewed 10 times. You would think this is a ma-ture industry. In fact, the previous En-ergy Secretary said it was. What do we get for this $23 billion? Four percent of our electricity is pro-duced by wind turbines in the United States. This is a country that uses 25 percent of all the electricity in the world, and we spend $23 billion for 4 percent of our electricity. Thirty-seven percent of all the subsidies, all the spending we have for different forms of energy produces 4 percent of the elec-tricity. The President of the United States and a number of private people in the United States, such as Bill Gates, have announced they would like to double energy research. I support that. The Senator from Illinois, Mr. D
URBIN , and I introduced legislation that would au-thorize increased funding at the level of 7 percent for energy research this year so we can move more rapidly to-ward the goal of doubling research for energy. We spend $5 billion a year for energy research for the U.S. Government. We spend nearly $5 billion a year on sub-sidizing wealthy people so they can build giant wind turbines. We spend as much subsidizing windmills as we spend on all our energy research. If we stop the subsidies, we could double the research, which is what we should be doing. What are we getting for this? We are getting energy—electricity—that is true, but it mostly blows at night, when we don’t need it. It can’t be stored for use when we do need it. So it is unreliable. The wind only blows about one-third of the time. In Ten-nessee it is 18 percent of the time. It can’t be stored and we don’t need it. We don’t need it. At the same time, it destroys the landscape. I am astonished at the environmental groups that would support putting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.005 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2429 April 26, 2016 
these huge giant turbines in the most beautiful part of our country and then building transmission lines across the country through everybody’s backyard. If we replace the 100 nuclear reactors in this country that produce 60 percent of the carbon-free electricity we have— 60 percent of the carbon-free elec-tricity—it would take enough wind-mills to cover a State the size of West Virginia, and I think you would have to have about 17,000 miles, 19,000 miles of new transmission lines. The Presiding Officer is the Senator from Arkansas. In Arkansas, a wind-mill company is building 700 miles of transmission lines across Arkansas that the State doesn’t want and has ob-jected to. Yet the administration is al-lowing the wind mill company to use Federal preemption for the first time to build transmission lines where peo-ple don’t want them. Not only is this a wasteful amount of money, not only is it a kind of energy that a country this big cannot rely on, the size of the subsidies create prepos-terous results. For example, in some cases the subsidy is so large the wind-mill-producing companies pay the util-ities to take their power and they still make a profit. They can pay the utili-ties to take their power and still make a profit because the taxpayers have spent $23 billion subsidizing wealthy people so they can build windmills. These aren’t your grandma’s wind-mills. You can see them for 20 miles away—the flashing lights. They are twice as tall as the football stadium at the University of Tennessee, and only one of these would fit within the foot-ball stadium at the University of Ten-nessee. It would take four nuclear reactors, each taking about 1 square mile, to produce enough electricity to equal the same amount of electricity produced by wind if you strung 45-foot windmill towers along the entire 2,178-mile stretch of the Appalachian Trail. You may say that is a stretch, that will not happen, except that is exactly where the wind towers would be most likely to go—on our scenic mountain tops where more wind blows, and then the transmission lines come down the mountain tops through your backyard. My objection is a very simple one. I think $23 billion is enough to spend on windmills. I have other objections to wind. I think we should focus on nu-clear power instead of unreliable wind power. I believe trying to use wind tur-bines to power a country that uses 25 percent of all the electricity in the world is the energy equivalent of going to war in sailboats when the nuclear navy is available, but I certainly think there is no need at all for Senators to say yes to an amendment that spends more money for wind than our sub-committee recommended. We are al-ready spending $23 billion. The tax-payers have been bamboozled into al-lowing that to happen, and I don’t think they would want us to spend more. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of Flake amendment No. 3820, which would lower the con-struction appropriation for the U.S. Corps of Engineers by just under $69 million and eliminate funding for envi-ronmental infrastructure projects. Ostensibly, the Corps of Engineers uses these funds to build water supply, water treatment, and wastewater projects. I am not here to argue against the need for environmental in-frastructure projects. There are a great many municipalities that consider these projects essential and have made an effort to fund them on their own. That is usually done through a com-bination of utility bills and municipal bonds. Typically, the users pay for this. However, despite the fact that these projects have traditionally been funded by State and local governments, Fed-eral support is actually duplicative. The Federal Government already offers resources for similar projects through the EPA. Specifically, the Clean Water State Revolving Fund and the Drink-ing Water State Revolving Fund pro-grams provide States with low-interest loans based on the merits of these projects and the needs of the commu-nities. Taxpayers deserve better than to be expected to provide the U.S. Corps of Engineers $69 million it never asked for to fund projects they already support in a program that has been described by many as a slush fund for parochial interests. That is certainly how the program started years ago. Frankly, it has never seemed clear that the Corps of Engineers understands how these projects fit into its mission. Because of a years-old congressional carve-out, these environmental undertakings are not subject to the environmental stud-ies, economic analyses, and cost-effec-tiveness standards that are required for more traditional Corps projects. As far as I can tell, there is really no rhyme or reason as to how one project gets funding over another. With a national debt of over $19 tril-lion, it is time that we get a little more serious about putting our fiscal house in order. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and eliminate this duplicative funding. Mr. President, I wish to say a couple words about Reid-Heller amendment No. 3805. I support the Colorado River System Conservation Program. Voluntary ef-forts like these in Arizona are esti-mated to have kept Lake Mead at about 3 feet higher than it would have been otherwise. Not coincidentally, last week the Bureau of Reclamation announced that at the end of this year, Lake Mead is predicted to be 3 feet above the level that would trigger a shortage declaration. What I want to make sure happens is that any con-served water actually stays in Lake Mead and keeps these levels up above the shortage declaration area. I note that this amendment simply authorizes funds to go to the conserva-tion program. I hope that before this money is actually spent, we can de-velop assurances that the water will go to its intended purpose. The Lower Col-orado River Basin States have devel-oped such language, and I look forward to ensuring that our Federal dollars are well spent in this area. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3820 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3801 
Mr. President, I call up my amend-ment No. 3820 and ask unanimous con-sent that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, the clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. F LAKE ] pro- poses an amendment numbered 3820 to amendment No. 3801. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To withhold certain funds for the construction of environmental infrastruc-ture) On page 3, line 11, strike ‘‘$1,813,649,000’’ and insert ‘‘$1,744,699,000’’. 
Mr. FLAKE. I yield the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3812 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3801 (Purpose: To provide for funding for wind energy) 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 3812. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. M ERKLEY ] proposes an amendment numbered 3812 to amendment No. 3801. On page 23, line 15, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of such amount, $95,400,000 shall be available for wind energy.’’. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I wish to add a few remarks about this, as we are preparing shortly to consider a number of amendments. This particular amendment is a bi-partisan amendment, which I am pleased to sponsor with my partner from Iowa, stating that wind energy is particularly important. This amend-ment would restore funding for wind energy research to fiscal year 2016 lev-els of $95.4 million. Otherwise, research in wind energy would suffer a substan-tial reduction. This program is indispensable to the success of wind energy in the United States. The wind energy program works to advance innovations in the grid integration, manufacturing, and deployment that are key to reducing the cost of wind energy. For example, the Wind Program helps to address market barriers through including wind-forecasting tools in power system operations, which helps utilities and regulators better integrate large amounts of wind energy into the grid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.007 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2430 April 26, 2016 
The Wind Program provides research, development, and technical support to manufacturers and distributors of wind technologies that are still emerging. This enhances small wind manufac-turing, supports offshore demonstra-tion projects, and will improve the eco-nomic viability of distributed wind. Currently, eight National Labora-tories across our Nation conduct re-search or testing related to wind en-ergy. The proposed fiscal year 2017 funding level is only $80 million, which is over $15 million less than last year’s funding—thwarting our ability to real-ize the true potential for wind energy. During debates, we have sometimes heard that wind is a mature industry and that is why the funding for re-search should be revoked or lowered. But in fact, as wind is emerging, we are seeing continuous innovations result-ing in different designs and different strategies for integrating intermittent wind energy into the grid. As that wind component becomes substantially larg-er, we need to understand the details of how we accommodate it effectively. If we were to talk about mature indus-tries, then we wouldn’t be doing stud-ies for the fossil fuel industry, which is about as mature as an industry can get. Clearly, this is an evolving indus-try with great potential to assist us with clean energy and, moreover, a program that can affect the economy of rural America. In 2015 wind energy supplied about 5 percent of the total electricity gen-erated in the United States. So it is no longer just a fraction of a percent; it has grown enormously in the last few years. But the Department of Energy estimates that wind could provide as much as 35 percent—or more than one- third—of the electricity generated in our country by the year 2050. As my colleague and partner on this bill, the Senator from Iowa, knows, wind energy can be a huge boon to a State’s economy. Iowa is already get-ting over 30 percent of its electricity from wind. And because wind energy is less expensive in the forecast of poten-tial other sources, it could result in billions of dollars of savings to energy consumers in that State. In my home State of Oregon, we al-ready have over 10 percent of our elec-tricity being generated from wind en-ergy. The savings for our State down the road could be enormous, but we can only reach these goals if we support wind energy research. With the development of wind energy comes hundreds of thousands of jobs in manufacturing, in installation, in maintenance, and in supporting serv-ices. The estimate is around 600,000 jobs—generally good-paying jobs—by the year 2015. I do a lot of townhalls back home in Oregon, one in every county every year. Much of Oregon is very rural. I hear about the impact property taxes on these wind installations have on our rural counties, enabling them to do things—for example, to build libraries or assist in the development of their local schools. There is no question that this is a boon to the rural economy. It is our job in Congress to look at what policies will be the most success-ful and give the most bang for the buck in terms of creating jobs now and in the future. We should be supporting programs that spur economic develop-ment and support families in rural areas. That is what this amendment calls for. When we create jobs, local communities benefit, certainly the en-ergy industry benefits, and our envi-ronment benefits. All of this depends upon robust research, and we are sim-ply asking that research continue at the same level it did in fiscal year 2016. Let’s back red, white, and blue, American-made wind energy and sup-port this bipartisan amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. There are now 2 minutes equally di-vided on amendment No. 3812. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, we will be voting on amendment No. 3812, which my colleague from Iowa and I have put together to restore research on wind development to the level it was last year. When you see these wind turbines, what you should see is eco-nomic development in highly deserving rural communities, putting clean elec-trons onto the grid, putting jobs into the community, and putting money into the property tax coffers in local communities to do good work. I wish to reserve the rest of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? Does the Senator from Tennessee wish to use his time on the amend-ment? Mr. ALEXANDER. I do, but I will wait until the end. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no one uses time, time will be charged equally to both sides. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, can I not reserve the rest of my time? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at this point. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, don’t you think $23 billion is enough to spend on windmills? That is what we have spent since 1992—$23 billion for 4 percent of America’s electricity. This is electricity that is unreliable. The windmills blow about one-third of the time, often at night, and it can’t be stored. We will spend $5 billion this year and $4.4 billion next year. We could double our energy research spending if we would stop subsidizing wealthy people to build giant wind tur-bines. Sixty percent of our carbon-free electricity comes from nuclear reac-tors. Relying on giant wind turbines and new transmission lines to power a country that uses 25 percent of all the electricity in the world is like going to war in sailboats when the nuclear Navy is available. We already have $80 million going to research, which Senator GARDNER and Senator C
OLLINS have asked us to in-clude in the legislation. It is in the bill. We don’t need to spend more. We have already spent $23 billion since 1992. Spending $4 or $5 billion a year is more than enough to spend on giant wind turbines. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Merkley amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, these subsidies are a tiny dot compared to the $52 billion spent annually on fossil fuel subsidies and the massive subsidies spent on nuclear. Yet these subsidies are creating jobs in rural America, and that matters. These communities need these jobs. These are clean electrons, these are terrific middle-class jobs, and this is an industry that is still on a curve where research is truly beneficial in making it a success. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 54, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 61 Leg.] YEAS—54 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Ernst Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.010 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2431 April 26, 2016 
NAYS—42 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Feinstein Fischer Flake Hatch Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Murkowski Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tillis Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz Sanders Toomey Warner 
The amendment (No. 3812) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3805 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3801 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, on be-half of Senator R
EID, I call up the Reid- Heller amendment No. 3805 and ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, the clerk will report the amendment by number. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. H ELLER ], for Mr. R
EID, proposes an amendment num-bered 3805 to amendment No. 3801. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To make funding for water man-agement improvement subject to a condi-tion) In section 204, strike ‘‘and inserting ‘$400,000,000’’’ and insert ‘‘and inserting ‘$450,000,000, on the condition that of that amount, $50,000,000 is used to carry out sec-tion 206 of the Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113– 235)’’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, the Col-orado River is the lifeblood of the West. It supplies many of our commu-nities with the majority of its water. The ongoing drought is threatening shortages, reviving the old Mark Twain saying that ‘‘whiskey is for drinking; water is for fighting over.’’ In response, the West has teamed up to establish the Colorado River System Conservation Pilot Program, an inno-vative effort to improve levels in our reservoirs. It is very clear the program is working well. Nineteen agreements have come together, saving 80,000 acre- feet, enough western water for 160,000 households. Increasing our region’s water security is essential to Western States. Without water, we cannot grow. I would urge this body to support this extremely important western initia-tive. I yield the floor. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, this amendment does not increase funding in the bill and the Senator from California, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and I intend to vote for it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. CRUZ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 73, nays 23, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 62 Leg.] YEAS—73 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Inhofe Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Vitter Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—23 
Coats Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Ernst Hoeven Johnson Lankford Lee Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz Sanders Toomey Warner 
The amendment (No. 3805) was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3820 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 3820, of-fered by the Senator from Arizona, Mr. F
LAKE . The Senator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, this amendment would simply cut $69 mil-lion in unrequested funding for Corps of Engineers projects. This is kind of the outgrowth of the bad old days when we had earmarks, when all of this fund-ing came about. We now have an ear-mark ban, but some of the funding still goes to some projects that have not even been requested. If we have a debt of $19 trillion and a deficit of $500 billion, it is time that we actually make some cuts somewhere. I would submit that this is a place ripe for cutting. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I am going to oppose the Flake amend-ment. The Army Corps of Engineers re-builds locks and dams, dredges our riv-ers and harbors, works to prevent floods and storm damage, and builds environmental restoration projects. There is not a funding line in the budg-et that more Senators seek for their States. Our spending is under control on the discretionary side. It is the mandatory spending, the entitlement spending, that is out of control. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I also strongly oppose this amendment. This would eliminate funding for our environmental infrastructure projects of the Army Corps of Engineers. Fund-ing for these projects enables commu-nities to solve local problems in a way that protects the environment. Problems are being solved, such as upgrading wastewater treatment facili-ties, so that our drinking water and marine resources are protected, and re-placing deteriorated distribution sys-tems with efficient systems that help conserve water. I hope we will vote this amendment down. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to amendment No. 3820. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. CRUZ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 12, nays 84, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 63 Leg.] YEAS—12 
Barrasso Coats Enzi Flake Gardner Heller Johnson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Sasse 
NAYS—84 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.001 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2432 April 26, 2016 
Daines Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz Sanders Toomey Warner 
The amendment (No. 3820) was re-jected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar Nos. 307, 357, 358, 359, 362, 363, 364, 459, 460, 461, and 508; that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening ac-tion or debate on the nominations in the order listed; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion, and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, I under-stand our Democratic friends are going to propound a number of different unanimous consent requests here with regard, I assume, to the judiciary. The core question here is whether President Obama has been treated fairly, and I think it is noteworthy that at this point in President Bush’s 8 years, 303 of his judicial nominees had been con-firmed. At this point in President Obama’s term, the number is 324. That is 21 more judges the current President has gotten at this point than President Bush. Clearly, President Obama has been treated fairly and, therefore, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I am very disappointed the Republicans are blocking dozens of qualified nomi-nees—nominees who have been re-ported to the Senate floor on a bipar-tisan basis. This is certainly, in my view, not about whether the President is being treated fairly, but it is about the Senate doing its job. The Senate is on track to confirm the lowest number of judicial nominees in our history. Let me mention a nominee from Ha-waii: Clare Connors. She was confirmed or voted on unanimously by the Judici-ary Committee last month, a state-ment to her qualifications. Her wide- ranging experience includes district and appellate venues, criminal and civil arenas, and litigation on issues ranging from tax law to tough cases such as crimes against children. Clare and the other nominees before us today will be kept from serving on the Federal bench because of Repub-lican inaction. My Republican col-leagues intend to stop all judicial nominations in July, although there are 79 vacancies pending, 28 of which are considered emergencies. If Ms. Con-nors is not confirmed, the Hawaii dis-trict court seat will be left vacant for over a year. Our judiciary should be composed of the full complement of judges accorded to each district court. One of the fun-damental jobs of the Senate to engage in is its advice and consent function with regard to these judicial nominees, and we are not doing that. I call upon my colleagues, my Repub-lican friends, to enable all of us to do our jobs and begin again the advice and consent process which we are, under the Constitution, required to do. I see some other colleagues on the floor, so I yield to my good friend from New York. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I will have a unanimous consent request after I make a few brief remarks. I thank my friends, the Senators from Hawaii and Maryland, for joining me here today. We all know it is the job of the Sen-ate to keep up with the need to confirm judges, but our friends on the other side of the aisle aren’t holding up their end of the bargain. The judicial con-firmation process has been at a crawl for years. Now it has come to a func-tional standstill, as noncontroversial nominations—some of which were ap-proved out of committee by over-whelming votes, the majority of Re-publicans and the majority of Demo-crats—languish on the Executive Cal-endar. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle did their best to slow the pace of confirmations when the Senate was under Democratic leadership, and now they are sluggishly moving nomina-tions under a Senate they control. That has culminated in an irrespon-sible partisan blockade of President Obama’s Supreme Court pick. Let’s talk about some real numbers. More than 1 year into this new Con-gress, the Republican leadership has al-lowed only 17 judges to be confirmed. How many months do we have here? We had 12 in the last year of this Congress, and we are now at the end of April, so that is 4. So that is 16—1 a month. Let me show the contrast. I say to my dear friend, our majority leader, this is the number that counts because the analogy was the last 2 years of the Bush administration when there was a Democratic majority. Then, a Repub-lican President and a Democratic ma-jority; now, a Democratic President and a Republican majority. They con-firmed 17 and we confirmed 68. This has consequences—real consequences. The number of vacancies has risen from 43 to 79 since the Republicans took over the majority. That didn’t happen when President Bush was Presi-dent and made nominations. Twenty- eight judicial emergencies. For people seeking justice—they can’t get it very speedily because of the obstruction of judges. There are 20 noncontroversial judges on the Executive Calendar. We are urg-ing our colleagues to let these non-controversial judges go through. Very simply, we are urging our colleagues to do their job. I know the leader wants to have the Senate move along, and we have tried to go along whenever it is possible. But this is a glaring example where it is easy to do your job, where it is easy to move things forward, and all we face is obstruction and for no voiced reason. I would like to know why the judges who I will ask for unanimous consent— it is a smaller list than my colleague from Hawaii has asked to go forward with. I would love to know a single rea-son why any of them shouldn’t be sit-ting on the bench. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 307, 357, 358, 359, 362, and 363; further, that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or de-bate on the nominations; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, I would say to my Democratic friends that no ef-fort to redefine what this is about will be successful. The issue before the Senate is, has President Obama been treated fairly with regard to the confirmation of judges during his tenure in office? We are to a point where we know that so far during the Obama years, he has got-ten 23 more judges than President Bush got to this point. That is the funda-mental question. Has President Obama been treated in some way differently from President Bush? The answer, of course, is no. Therefore, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Maryland. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUESTS —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I will continue to try here, and I thank the Senate majority leader for his pa-tience. This is really not a matter of fairness to the President but fairness to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.004 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2433 April 26, 2016 
American people. As my colleague Sen-ator H
IRONO pointed out, this is a mat-ter of justice delayed is justice denied. We have judicial emergencies—many on our list—that have not been filled. As Senator S
CHUMER pointed out, this is about comparing what has been done on the workload of this Congress to any previous Congress on the con-firmation of judges, and we are dead last as far as action that has been taken. I think the critical number is the number of vacancies. Compare the number of vacancies. When the Repub-licans took the majority, there were 43 vacancies in our courts. That number has almost doubled to 79 vacancies. When we take a look at the pace of confirmation—because we could say maybe there were a lot that had to be taken up over a President’s term. But, as Senator S
CHUMER pointed out, there have been only 17 judges confirmed to date. That is one of the lowest numbers in the modern history of our country. In the last year of President Bush’s ad-ministration, in the same period of time of that 2-year cycle, 68 judges had been confirmed by a Democratically controlled Senate. What makes matters more difficult for the American people to understand is that 20 judicial nominations have currently passed the Senate Judiciary Committee. I believe every one has been passed by unanimous voice vote, so they are not controversial. It is just a matter of getting them up for con-firmation—20 of them that have yet to be acted on the floor of the Senate. I will make two unanimous consent requests that will deal with 4 of these 20 currently pending. All passed the Ju-diciary Committee by unanimous voice votes. Two are from States that have Democratic Senators and two are from States that have Republican Senators. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar No. 307, Xinis of Maryland; Calendar No. 357, Martinotti of New Jersey; Calendar No. 358, Rossiter of Nebraska; and Calendar No. 359, Stan-ton of Tennessee; that the Senate pro-ceed to vote without intervening ac-tion or debate on the nominations in the order listed; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion, and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, for the reasons previously expressed by the majority leader, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I want to make one further request in the se-ries with Senator HIRONO and Senator S
CHUMER , and that is to deal with the next nominee who would be up, consid-ering the length of time she has been on the calendar. It is the nomination of Paula Xinis of Maryland made in March 2015—over 1 year ago—by Presi-dent Obama. She was recommended by Senator M
IKULSKI and me after an ex-haustive vetting process that we go through before making recommenda-tions to the President of the United States. She was nominated over 1 year ago. She had a hearing in the Judiciary Committee in July of 2015. As I said earlier, she was reported out of the committee by unanimous voice vote in September of last year, and she has been waiting all this time for action on the Senate floor. We need this vacancy filled. We now have two vacancies in the Maryland District. The chief judge has related to us several times that this position is critical for the administration of jus-tice for the people of Maryland and our Nation. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session to consider the fol-lowing nomination: Calendar No. 307, Xinis of Maryland; that the Senate pro-ceed to vote without intervening ac-tion or debate on the nomination; that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nom-ination; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, for rea-sons previously given, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to in-ject a few comments in this discussion too. This isn’t all about Republicans. This isn’t all about Democrats. I had a nominee from Wyoming. Inci-dentally, he wasn’t nominated by me; he was nominated by our Democratic Governor. It took me about 9 months to get a hearing in committee. This was for a district judge. This wasn’t for the Supreme Court. This wasn’t for a circuit court. This was for a district court. It took me about 9 months to get a hearing for him. At the end of 2 years, he had not gotten a vote in com-mittee. His life was in suspense for 2 years. That is not right. Neither party should do that. But as long as the other side is saying that we are holding things up, I have to point out that it is not just a one-sided thing. I hope some of the criticism can end and some of the work can be done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I just want to share in the frustration of my colleague from Wyoming. This should not be a partisan issue. I agree, it is wrong to hold people’s lives in abey-ance. We are trying to get the very best people to serve on our courts. If they have to put their lives on hold for a year or two, will they come forward and seek to serve as a judge? We know that for the ones we are trying to get on the bench, it is going to be a financial sacrifice. They can make more money in the private sec-tor. We want the very best on our courts. If someone is put on hold for 2 years or for 1 year, it compromises their ability if they are in the private practice of law, and it is not the right thing to do—whether it is a Democrat or a Republican in the White House. We have to act on these appointments a lot faster. The point I raised is that during this term of Congress, during this year and a half, we have seen the number of ju-dicial vacancies go up from 43 to 79. At this particular moment, there are 20 nominees on the Executive Calendar who have cleared the committee by voice vote and who are not controver-sial. Some have been waiting over a year since their nomination. We can do something about it right now, and we should do something about it right now. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I wish to say a few more things regarding our re-quest for action on these judicial nomi-nations. The group of nominations on which I requested action includes nominees from Maryland, New Jersey, Nebraska, Tennessee, New York, California, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, and Ha-waii. They are all waiting. I have just one comment about the Supreme Court vacancy. The last time the Senate refused to deal with a Su-preme Court vacancy was during the Civil War. They so objected to dealing with the President’s nomination that the Congress actually changed the number of Justices on the Supreme Court. The number of Justices is set by law, so the Congress changed the law and changed the number of Justices from 10 to 7 so that they would not have to deal with the President’s nomi-nee to the Supreme Court vacancy. The President vetoed that bill, the Con-gress overrode that veto, and so they changed the makeup and number of Justices on the Supreme Court. Cer-tainly that is not what I am suggesting Republicans should do. In fact, we have had a nine-member Supreme Court for almost 150 years. I agree with my friend, the Senator from Wyoming, that this should not be a partisan issue. Certainly, I agree with my friend from Maryland that we should get on with it. We should get on with these judicial nominations. We should do our advice and consent role, and clearly with regard to the Supreme Court vacancy, where, with this inac-tion, we are going to leave that Court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.017 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2434 April 26, 2016 
with eight members for a year. That is not acceptable to the people of our country. We need to do our job. I ask my Senate colleagues, my Re-publican friends, to enable the Senate to do our advice and consent role and do our job as set forth in the U.S. Con-stitution. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:45 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016—Con-tinued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I rise to discuss the vacancy on the Supreme Court and the majority’s ongoing re-fusal to consider the nomination of Chief Judge Merrick Garland. Forty days have passed since the President of the United States nominated Judge Garland to fill Justice Scalia’s seat. This is longer than it took for the Sen-ate to confirm Justice Sandra Day O’Connor in 1981. In fact, 75 percent of all Supreme Court Justices have been confirmed within 31 days, but today—40 days after his nomination—many Sen-ators haven’t even extended Judge Gar-land the simple courtesy of a meeting. The majority’s refusal to hold a vote is without precedent, and the majority has cited none. Instead, the majority is trying to shift the blame. Incredibly, the chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee recently came to the floor to blame, of all people, not other Senators, not other politicians, but the Chief Justice of the United States of America for politicizing the Court. Ten days before Justice Scalia’s death, the Chief Justice said: ‘‘The process is not functioning very well.’’ That turns out to have been something of an under-statement. The Chief Justice went on and said that the process ‘‘is being used for something other than ensuring the qualifications of the nominees.’’ Again, he was not referring to what is going on now in the Senate. This happened before Justice Scalia passed away. There was no way that the Chief Jus-tice could have known there was going to be a vacancy. He continued: ‘‘[Su-preme Court Justices] don’t work as Democrats or Republicans . . . and I think it’s a very unfortunate impres-sion the public might get from the con-firmation process.’’ His words struck me—particularly given what has gone on since then—as a candid expression of his concern for the Court as an institution. This con-cern apparently upset the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. He took to the floor and said: The Chief Justice has it exactly back-wards. The confirmation process doesn’t make the Justices appear political. 
He continued: 
The confirmation process has gotten polit-ical precisely because the Court has drifted from the constitutional text, and rendered decisions based instead on policy pref-erences. 
It is absolutely breathtaking that the Chief Justice would be criticized for ‘‘drifting from the constitutional text’’ when, for the past 10 weeks, the majority has drifted from article II, section 2, clause 2, which sets out our constitutional responsibility to advise and consent in very clear terms. Worse, the majority’s drift isn’t even about policy; it is about politics. It is about rolling the dice on an election instead of following the plain text of the Con-stitution. This is absolutely unprecedented in the history of the Senate. Throughout our history, the Senate has confirmed 17 nominees in Presidential election years to serve on the Supreme Court. The last of these was Justice Kennedy in 1988. When the President made this nomination, he had more than 340 days left in his term. We are talking almost a quarter of the President’s term. That is a lot more time than most of those 17 Justices had before this Senate. In the last 100 years, every nominee to a Supreme Court vacancy who did not withdraw—and a couple did—re-ceived a timely hearing and vote. On average, the Senate has begun hearings within 40 days of the President’s nomi-nation and voted to confirm 70 days after the President’s nomination. There is no excuse for not holding a hearing and a vote. If that is what we are going to pay attention to in this Chamber and if that is what we are going to argue for— originalism, strict constructionism— the plain language of the Constitution is clear. There is a reason why no Sen-ate has ever had the audacity to do what this Senate is doing right now— because of how clear that mission is and because there is no one else to do it. The Constitution says: The Senate shall advise and consent. It doesn’t say: The House of Representatives shall have a role. It doesn’t say: Let the people decide. It says that this is the Senate’s job. We should do our job just as every Senate, until now, has done its job since the founding of the country, including the Senate that was there when George Washington was in office. Three of those 17 appointments were confirmed by a Senate that actu-ally contained people who had been at the constitutional convention, and they were consistent with their under-standing of what the Founders had agreed to. They had a vote on the floor of the Senate. I am not saying how people should vote. They should vote their con-science, but we should have a vote. The American people expect us to do our job. I want to be clear that I believe there should be hearings. I think we should go through hearings to establish the qualifications of the nominee. I think that is really important. The point I am making about having this vote does not have to do with whom the Presi-dent nominated. It has to do with our institutional responsibility. It has to do with the rule of law and the image we want to project to our country and overseas. Finally, I have a word to say about the President’s nominee. Merrick Gar-land is an honored and accomplished judge. Two weeks ago I had the oppor-tunity to meet with him and learn about his judicial record and philos-ophy. I have known Chief Judge Gar-land for more than 20 years. I have ac-tually worked for him at the Justice Department when we both worked for the Deputy Attorney General of the United States. I was fresh out of law school, but even then Judge Garland’s humility, work ethic, and commitment to the rule of law inspired me and con-tinue to inspire me. Our meeting last week confirmed what I already know. Judge Garland is an intelligent and pragmatic judge who is extraordinarily well-qualified to serve on the Supreme Court. I have wondered whether that is the reason the majority is not holding hearings. They could simply hold the hearings and vote against Judge Garland, which is their prerogative. Why not hold hearings? Maybe they know that the American people, given the oppor-tunity to hear directly from Judge Garland, would see that he is precisely the type of judge who should serve on the Court. A vacancy on the Supreme Court is a rare thing. It doesn’t come around very often. For those of us in this country, whether we are in the Senate or in a classroom somewhere, those vacancies, hearings, and debates on the floor present an unparalleled opportunity—a remarkable opportunity—for the Amer-ican people to engage in a debate about the Court, the Constitution, and all kinds of issues that the Court will con-sider. That is what these hearings are about. That is what could be going on this summer during this Presidential election year, and we would have a dis-cussion about where we want to head as a country. We are not having it. We are not having it because of this un-precedented action. Because of what the majority has done here, by not meeting with the nominee or holding a hearing, they are denying him the opportunity to make his case to the American people. In the meantime—and this is really critical— the Court will continue to be impaired. Impaired is the word that Justice Scalia himself used when he was asked to recuse himself from a case involving Dick Cheney, then the Vice President of the United States. In that case, he was asked if there would be a presump-tion of recusal. Justice Scalia’s answer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.018 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2435 April 26, 2016 
to that was this: Maybe if I were on the court of appeals—because if I were on the court of appeals, there would be somebody to replace me, but that is not how it works on the Supreme Court. When there is a vacancy on the Supreme Court, leaving the Court with only eight Justices, there is nobody who can fill in. There is nobody to be-come the ninth Justice. He said that the Court would therefore be impaired. The action that is being taken right now threatens to impair the Supreme Court not for one session but for two sessions of the Court before there is an-other election. In fact, for the third time since Justice Scalia’s death, the Supreme Court could not resolve a dis-pute because of a 4-to-4 split. The longer this vacancy remains, the more uncertainty and confusion the Amer-ican people will suffer. As I said, two terms of the Court will be jeopardized by petty politics. Believe me, I know it has become fashionable for Washington to tear down rather than work to improve the democratic institutions that genera-tions of Americans have built, but to so cavalierly impair the judicial branch of our government is pathetic. It is time for the Senate to do its job as every Senate has done before us. Again, I am not asking my colleagues to support Judge Garland’s nomina-tion. That is a matter of conscience for each of us. But we must fulfill our basic constitutional obligation of hold-ing a hearing and a vote. This is lit-erally—because it is in the Constitu-tion and no one else is granted this power—the least we can do to dem-onstrate that we are a legislative body that functions as the Constitution re-quires. We certainly have plenty of time. In view of that, if by contrast we leave for our scheduled 7 weeks of summer vaca-tion—which is not enshrined in the Constitution but is a schedule that is set by the Senate—without having ful-filled our responsibility, the American people should demand that we return to Washington and do our job. It is past time for my colleagues to meet with Judge Garland, hold hear-ings on his record, and give the Amer-ican people an up-or-down vote on this judicial vacancy. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate majority whip. 
THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I fear that sometimes here in the Senate we get bogged down in the minutia and the process and don’t really talk about the why of how things are done here. We talk a lot about the how, but we don’t talk about the why. I just want to speak for a couple of minutes about why it is so important that we pass the regular appropriation bills and put what we are trying to do here in a larg-er context. Our colleagues will remember that last year we were unable to pass the 12 regular appropriation bills because our Democratic colleagues filibustered those pieces of legislation in order to force a negotiation to raise the spend-ing caps on discretionary spending. I regret that. I wish it hadn’t happened, but it did and there is not much we can do about it. But in the process, what happened is that we ended up having to pass a fiscal year-end omnibus appro-priations bill that lacked any basic transparency. There was about $1 tril-lion-plus worth of spending, and I think most people’s reaction is this: Why do you have to do business in such a terrible way that lacks transparency, doesn’t let people know what is in the bill, and doesn’t let all 100 Senators contribute to the product? The reason is because our Democratic colleagues blocked those bills. I hope it is different this year be-cause now those top-line numbers for discretionary spending are fixed in law. What we are trying to do, starting with the Energy and Water appropriations bill that Senator ALEXANDER and Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN are working through the legislative process, is to begin the process of passing those regular appro-priation bills. I hope and trust we will conclude with this piece of legislation this week and then we will move on to the next legislative vehicle, which will probably be the transportation, hous-ing, and urban development legislation, the so-called THUD bill around here. We have actually demonstrated that by providing an open process, we can actually get some things done. We all recall last Congress—a year and a half ago. The fact of the matter is that a decision had been made by the then- majority leader, Senator R
EID, not to allow Senators to participate in the amendment process on the floor. As a consequence, it wasn’t just those of us in the minority who were prohibited from offering legislation that would ac-tually improve the product that was on the floor, it included Members of his own political party. So they had to go home at election time and explain to their constituents back home: I may be in the majority, but I couldn’t get an amendment voted on, on the Senate floor. Having learned from that experience, Senator M
CCONNELL and we decided that the best thing to do is to have an open process by which Members of the majority party and minority party, Democrats and Republicans alike— anybody who has a good idea—can come forward and get a vote on that legislation. We had a couple of recent bipartisan successes. Yes, I know in some corners ‘‘bipartisanship’’ is a dirty word, but the fact is, you can’t get anything done around here unless it is bipartisan. Our Constitution was written in a way to force consensus to be built. In an absence of consensus, nothing gets done. So we have had a couple of recent successes, in addition to our work on appropriations bills, including the En-ergy Policy Modernization Act. One of the most important parts of that legis-lation from my perspective is that back in Texas we saw an expedited process for the approval of liquefied natural gas export terminals. That is very important to our economy and something that takes advantage of an incredible resource we have in Amer-ica—natural gas—which we would like to sell to our allies and friends around the world when they don’t have it. That is something that builds jobs in America. It helps grow our economy. It helps provide a lifeline to many of our allies around the world, for whom en-ergy is being used simply as a weapon by people like Vladimir Putin. We also voted to reauthorize the Fed-eral Aviation Administration bill. Ob-viously, this is important for public safety—to make sure our skies are safe—but also to provide the appro-priate regulatory regime for the airline industry. Looked at individually, these bills may not seem like an end-all or be-all, but they are part of a bigger picture and part of a larger goal, which is get-ting this legislative body back to work again, as it was meant to do, consid-ering and passing legislation that will impact our country for the better. Don’t get me wrong. Sometimes the right answer is to stop bad ideas. Sometimes the right idea is to stop bad ideas, but where there is an oppor-tunity for consensus and where we can actually craft something that helps move our country forward—I believe all 100 Senators came here with that sort of goal in mind. The bottom line is, we are working again to advance the priorities of the American people. In the same way we debate and discuss the Energy and Water appropriations bill, we have to keep the bigger picture in mind. It is not just about passing a single appro-priations bill or to check items off our to-do list, it is part of a larger process, which is to fund the Federal Govern-ment in a fiscally responsible way, hopefully—that is our goal—and to make sure we review the programs that are funded by Federal appropriations and make sure they are still the prior-ities we believe they should be. If they aren’t, then they shouldn’t be funded. That is part of the process—to go back and look at what the programs are, whether they are still working, wheth-er they are still necessary, and if they are not working or no longer nec-essary, then we simply no longer fund those as part of the appropriations process. We know this sets our country’s pri-orities by giving guidance on every-thing we support—from our veterans to how we provide for our energy struc-ture needs, to how we equip and train our troops. Funding the government is actually one of the most important and basic duties of the Congress. As the Senator from Tennessee has pointed out, one of the biggest problems we have—one we are not going to solve here today or this week, unfortu-nately—is that so much of the money 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.019 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2436 April 26, 2016 
that gets spent by the Federal Govern-ment is on autopilot—so-called manda-tory spending. In other words, it is not even subject to the appropriations process in the Senate. Currently, only about one-third of the money the Fed-eral Government spends actually goes through this sort of transparent and open process, where everybody knows what is going on and can offer their input. The rest of the money is spent on autopilot, and it is projected to rise, according to one recent projection I saw, at a rate of roughly 5.3 percent over the next 30 years. We know that is far beyond the rate of inflation, and it is an unsustainable amount of spending. Some of the most important programs that are govern-ment funded, such as Medicare or So-cial Security, cannot be sustained at the current level of spending unless we do everything we can within our abil-ity to shore them up and save them for the next generation. That is what we actually need to be doing in the larger picture. Until that day, we can continue to do what we can to deal responsibly with discretionary spending, and that is what we are trying to do. If we don’t deal with these appropriations bills in a methodical and deliberate sort of way—all 12 of them—we are going to find ourselves at the end of September, at the end of the fiscal year, back in the same situation we were in last year—with the need for an omnibus ap-propriations bill or a continuing reso-lution, which is something I know there is not a lot of appetite for. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. President, let me just say a word about the Zika virus and the emer-gency funding request made by the President. Some of our colleagues—no-tably the Democratic leader and the Democratic whip—talked about this this morning and raised the question of whether we are going to responsibly deal with this threat of the Zika virus. I can tell my colleagues we will. We are committed on a bipartisan basis to try to make sure we respond responsibly both from a public safety point of view and from a fiscal point of view. The President requested $1.9 billion. Thankfully, there is money that has been identified that was left over from the Ebola threat—some $500 million— that can be used as a downpayment to make sure our world-class scientists, like the ones I have met at the Univer-sity of Texas medical branch in Gal-veston and just this last week at the Texas Medical Center, are doing the re-search that is necessary in order to identify how to stop this threat by con-trolling the mosquitoes that bring it into the country. We know the mos-quito that carries the Zika virus is common in more temperate and warm-er parts of the country, and that is why it has been primarily a threat in Brazil and places like Haiti and Puerto Rico. We also know that in places like Texas, Florida, and Louisiana, this mosquito is present and there are already estab-lished cases of Zika, primarily occur-ring in, I believe, either people who have traveled to Central America or South America and who have been bit-ten and brought it back with them or, in the case of—apparently it has now been discovered that this virus can be sexually transmitted. So one of the things we need to make sure of, par-ticularly for every woman of child- bearing age, is that they get the sort of protection they need so these horrific birth defects that we have seen in the news don’t occur. We are all committed to doing that. We also ought to make sure we don’t overshoot our goal and write a blank check for something when we don’t even know what the plan of attack is. In some ways, this is like the President asking us to fund a war without telling us what his strategy is for fighting and winning that war. I think that is the sort of commonsense question our con-stituents want us to ask, and which we should ask. I realize not everything is knowable. Hopefully, within a couple of years, our scientific community will have devel-oped a vaccine which can protect peo-ple from this virus, but in the mean-time we need to continue to fund the basic research. We need to continue to fund at the local level the mosquito eradication, and we need to keep our eye on this emerging threat. We can do that, and we will do that in a responsible sort of way. We don’t need our colleagues on the Democratic side to say we have to do it right here, right now, without even having a plan from the administration on how we will fight and win this war against the Zika virus and hold up the regular ap-propriations process. I can tell from the saber-rattling going on from some of my colleagues across the aisle that they are looking for a reason to disrupt the regular appropriations process and that can be a mistake. First of all, it will not accomplish anything that can’t otherwise be accomplished in terms of funding our research and the fight against the Zika virus. We are committed to doing that in a bipar-tisan sort of way but in a responsible sort of way that doesn’t add to the na-tional debt and pass the bill on to the next generation, as well as a propor-tional response to the threat. Just throwing money at it without a plan does not seem like a responsible thing to do. I implore our colleagues across the aisle, do not try to use the Zika crisis to hold hostage our ability to do our regular appropriations work. It is too important to avoid the year-end Omni-bus appropriations bill that nobody says they like, and it is important for us to demonstrate—as we have tried to and I believe succeeded in doing, in large part—that we can continue to do our work day in and day out on a bipar-tisan, responsible basis, not that we are all going to agree on everything— that is just not the way people are built—nor do they want us to agree on everything. This is the place where we have the great debates on the issues that confront our country, both now and in the future, and that is appro-priate. Nobody should take it person-ally. We need to have those debates. We need to have those verbal confronta-tions so we can get to the truth and figure the best path forward for the country. So we are not here to kick the can down the road. We are here to do the Nation’s business, and we are here to deliver results to the American people. I hope we can continue to do that by carefully discussing, debating, and then voting on all 12 appropriations bills. In addition to talking about how, I hope to explain a little bit of the why it is so important that we do this now in order to avoid that year-end rush to an omnibus appropriations bill later on. Mr. President, I don’t see any other Senators seeking recognition, so I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. COR-
NYN). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, first, to the majority whip, I thank him for his comments on the Zika virus. He is absolutely right to raise awareness of that issue. It is a great concern. In Ohio we happen to have some military assets that have been used in the past for aerial spraying, and I know they are interested in being even more in-volved in some of the eradication of some of these mosquitoes in the south-ern part of the country that may end up causing some of this infection. It is a very serious matter, and I am glad to know the Appropriations Committee is working on it as well as our author-izing committees. I know the Senator from Texas has a personal interest in this. I rise to speak about the underlying legislation—the Energy and Water ap-propriations bill. I thank the chairman of that committee, Senator A
LEX-
ANDER , for working with me to include a couple of important provisions for the State of Ohio. One is the cleanup of what is known as the Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant. This is a site that for half a cen-tury enriched uranium. This uranium was used by our Navy, for our military, and for other purposes, including our nuclear arsenals, but it also has been used for our powerplants. So for dec-ades the people in Piketon, OH, have been helping keep Americans safe and also helping thousands of Ohioans to keep the lights on and to stay warm at a reasonable cost. Now we have to clean up this facility. We moved on to other technology. It is an efficient 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.023 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2437 April 26, 2016 
technology, but it is a heck of a clean-up removing all this gaseous diffusion material and properly disposing of it. This cleanup effort employs about 2,000 Ohioans. They are doing their job and doing it very well. We have to sup-port them. Unfortunately, over the years they have not gotten the support they deserve. In a 2008 campaign trip to Ohio, the President gave a commit-ment that he would accelerate that cleanup. Frankly, that just hasn’t hap-pened under the President’s budget, so every year we have to fight for more funding to be sure that we can con-tinue the cleanup, which is so impor-tant, but also to ensure that we aren’t losing jobs in Pike County. We just had this tragic occurrence where we had four different homes where family members were present during the hor-rible shooting out there in Pike Coun-ty. This is one of the counties in Ohio that have relatively high unemploy-ment. It is a county that has a lot of economic issues. These 2,000 jobs are good-paying jobs with good benefits, so it is very important that we keep the jobs there. Just as importantly, it is the right thing to do for the taxpayers because as the Obama administration has pulled back funding for this cleanup, it ends up costing the taxpayers more be-cause delaying this cleanup ends up adding huge additional costs as funding is cut back and there is less cleanup going on. Our analysis shows that an accelerated cleanup could save the tax-payers $4 billion, getting this done and moving the site on to commercial use. Having adequate funding will save the taxpayers money. Second, cleaning up the radioactive waste and other hazardous waste there is incredibly important for the commu-nity. It makes that site cleaner, of course, and is better for the environ-ment. It is important for the commu-nity and these people who have for many years been providing us with the enriched uranium for our military and for our powerplants to know they are not going to be left with this environ-mental problem. Third, these are good-paying jobs in a county that really needs them. Finally, we owe it to the community to clean up the site so they can rede-velop it. They want to reindustrialize this site, and it is a great location to do maybe an energy project or maybe a nuclear powerplant at some point and other exciting opportunities, but they have to clean up what is there in order for the site to be used for that. The people of Piketon have helped shore up our economy and our national defense. We owe it to them to clean up this site. I am pleased that in this leg-islation we are considering an increase of $20 million over this year’s level of cleanup work and an additional $20 million over this year’s level for con-structing a needed onsite disposal cell. We are at the point where we need to dispose of this material, and we need more money for that disposal cell. I am hoping that the House will increase the funding for the disposal cell even more, and if so, we will work in conference to get that number up further because that makes a lot of sense in order to actually move forward on this cleanup for all the reasons I have stated. Again, I thank the chairman, Sen-ator A
LEXANDER , for his help on this. One thing the chairman knows well is that part of the funding for the cleanup work comes from the Department of Energy’s barter of uranium. I ask that as we move forward with the comple-tion of this legislation over the next few months, if the price of uranium should change—should drop—that the chairman continue to work with us to ensure that there are no job losses and to ensure that the cleanup work is not delayed as it has been in the past. Second, I thank the chairman for in-cluding another provision that is in-credibly important to Ohio and to Lake Erie. For many years the Army Corps of Engineers has been dredging the Cuyahoga River. It is necessary to do that for commercial purposes. They have a big steel plant there, which any-body who comes to the Republican Convention will see. It is very impor-tant, for that plant and other commer-cial purposes, to keep this waterway open for boat traffic, including bring-ing iron ore in for the steel mills. Unfortunately, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers wants to take the dredge from the river and dump it into Lake Erie. Time and time again, the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency and others have said this is not good for the environment. Specifically, the dredge has PCB material. The PCB pol-lutants get into the fish, and the Ohio EPA has told them that if they keep dumping it into the lake, at some point they will have to issue a warning that the walleye in Lake Erie, which is our great game fish, is not to be eaten more than a certain number of times per month. This would kill the fishing industry. It is also the wrong thing to do with all the algal bloom problems we have in the lake because that is driven by nitrogen and phosphorous mostly, and those nutrients would get into the lake through this dumping. So we are saying: Let’s use an onsite dis-posal facility. We have one on land that they can use. They are refusing to do that. The Army Corps of Engineers has gone so far as to, in the last appropria-tions bill, actually cut their own fund-ing—which is something I have never seen before—to not be able to meet the requirement we put into law, saying that they have to provide for the dis-posal of this product not into the lake but onto a land facility. We have now worked with Chairman A
LEXANDER to include language in this legislation before us. Senator S
HERROD  B
ROWN and I were successful in getting that in last year. Once again we are working with the chairman to get that language in this year. I thank Senator A
LEXANDER for including it. It main-tains the requirement that ensures that the Corps uphold its funding obli-gations to dispose of this dredge mate-rial upland and not in the lake. Again, it concerns me that the Corps seems to want to try to get around this. In fact, instead of putting money into the operations and maintenance account, as they are required to do to comply with not just what Congress says but, frankly, what the court has ordered them to do—because the court has consistently said they have to dredge and then dump on land, they have actually put that into a risky po-sition by saying they don’t need the funding. They have gone so far as to in-dicate that maybe other dredging projects on Lake Erie or other Lake Erie funding could be in jeopardy of not receiving the full amount of money they need if there is a need to dispose of this on land. There is a better way. The Corps should request use of unallocated funds provided by Congress in order to dis-pose of the dredge material at Cleve-land Harbor safely without putting other projects at risk. They can do that. Our Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations, which I chair, is cur-rently investigating whether the Corps intentionally requested a decrease in funding in last year’s spending bill so that they would have no choice but to dump this dredge material into the harbor. I hope that is not true. I hope we find out that is not what happened, but there are indications of that. Again, doing so would threaten the health of the area, the city of Cleve-land, Lake Erie’s ecosystem, and spe-cifically our fishing industry in Lake Erie, which is so critical to economic growth in that area. Lake Erie is the most productive of all of our Great Lakes in terms of fishing. It has a $6 billion fishing industry and is the No. 1 tourist attraction in Ohio. I urge the Corps to revise its work plan for this year to request the addi-tional funds necessary to safely dispose of the dredge sediment at the Cleve-land Harbor during the 2016 dredging season if, as I suspect, the Federal judge again rules that the Corps cannot place it in Lake Erie. I urge them to work with us to come up with a solu-tion so we can have this dredge mate-rial disposed of on land and actually re-cycle that material so that it has value. A couple of weeks ago when I was at the site, I saw how some of the material is being mixed with other fill and being used not just for landfill but also for gardens and for farming and agriculture purposes. This is a way to take the dredge and to actually have it have value and be able to recycle it. Mr. President, I thank the Presiding Officer for allowing me to give this statement today and for his patience. I also thank Chairman ALEXANDER and others who have worked with us on this so that we can indeed be sure that we clean up this site and that we are able to get this dredge material coming out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.025 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2438 April 26, 2016 
of the Cuyahoga River onto a site on land to avoid the environmental dam-age that would otherwise occur. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 17 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I first want to talk about the Zika public health emergency that is coming to the United States of America. We have to act now to fund the administration’s request of $1.9 billion in supplemental funding. Zika is a disease carried by the Aedes aegypti mosquito, a vector that has al-ready caused a dengue epidemic in my State of Hawaii. The Aedes mosquitoes are in more places than we previously thought throughout the United States. Zika is the first mosquito-borne ill-ness to be associated with a congenital birth defect. We are continuing to learn more about this devastating dis-ease every day, including its associa-tion with Guillain-Barre syndrome—a type of paralysis—eye abnormalities, and more. While there have not yet been any lo-cally transmitted diseases of Zika in the continental United States, we do have hundreds of travel-related cases and up to 500 cases of active trans-mission in Puerto Rico, American Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. As I mentioned, Hawaii is recovering from a dengue epidemic. So we must provide emergency funding for mosquito-borne illnesses, and we must do it now. This is an emergency. The administration has clearly laid out its request to combat Zika, which includes the following: $830 million for the CDC. This money would include grants and technical assistance to Puerto Rico and the U.S. territories and help our domestic and inter-national response activities; about $250 million for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, to in-crease the Federal match rate to Puer-to Rico; and several hundred million dollars for the National Institutes of Health and BARDA to invest in vaccine research and development. That is the long-term solution. There is a high de-gree of competence that we will be able to get a vaccine but not without the funding. This is an absolute emer-gency. We need $10 million for the FDA vaccine and diagnostics development and review, which is absolutely crit-ical—we don’t have diagnostic tests that are quite as efficient and effective as we are eventually going to need— and $335 million for USAID efforts abroad in public health infrastructure. I was fortunate to visit the CDC in Atlanta a couple of weeks ago to learn more about their efforts to combat Zika, dengue, and other vector-borne diseases. I saw firsthand how the CDC has activated its Level 1 Emergency Operations Center to combat Zika. During my questions at the Labor-HHS appropriations hearings, I heard how the CDC is strapped for funds and has already programmed its Ebola funds and how these Ebola funds are criti-cally needed to prevent another Ebola crisis. I have total confidence in the CDC, but they need this emergency funding request to be granted. We are about to go on a 1-week re-cess. There is no reason that we can’t at least get on the supplemental this week. This is an absolute emergency. There are a lot of things we are doing that are important this week in terms of individual appropriations bills, but let’s be clear: None of these appropria-tions bills are going to pass in the next week or even the next month. We still have the House that needs to take ac-tion, and there is no doubt we are going to go to conference. So in terms of whatever other legislative vehicles are pending or about to be pending, there is no urgency for us to move to those instead of what is happening right now in terms of a public health emergency with Zika. This is an abso-lute emergency. The reason this is not smashing through every headline online, on tele-vision, in the newspapers, and on the radio is that it is still cold outside in a lot of places and the mosquitoes haven’t come out. This is about to be a very serious public health crisis. For those of us who have differing views about the size and scope of gov-ernment, I just want to say this: We have arguments about the EPA’s role, about the Department of Human Serv-ices’ role, about the Department of Education’s role, and the size and scope of government across the board, but can’t we agree that government’s basic job is to protect its citizens, and can’t we agree that the CDC is one of the best agencies in the government across the board, and can’t we agree that this is a real emergency and ought not to wait until May or June or July and ought to be taken up immediately? Mr. President, this is an emergency, and we ought to fund the supplemental on a big bipartisan vote. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
Mr. President, I would like to talk about the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Many promises were made about the TPP. Before the final text was avail-able, I received dozens of phone calls from advocates of the deal asking for my support. They said that this trade agreement was going to be different; that it would raise standards rather than lower them; and that my concerns about labor, the environment, climate change, public health, and consumer protection would be addressed. But since the text was released, I have read it, and unfortunately this deal does not turn out to be any different from the previous deals. It looks like just an-other race to the bottom. Proponents claimed that the labor and environment chapters would con-tain enforceable commitments, and I know a lot of people worked very hard to make that true. But when you look closely at the wording of these chap-ters, you see that the commitments are basically just strongly worded sugges-tions. There are very few requirements. Instead, the countries have promised to ‘‘promote,’’ ‘‘encourage,’’ ‘‘cooperate,’’ ‘‘strive,’’ and ‘‘endeavor’’ to do various things. I have no clue how one can en-force an obligation to encourage some-thing or discourage something. Many of the provisions contain this weak language, carefully written by lawyers to be unenforceable. Here are a few examples from the en-vironment chapter, which is particu-larly weak. First, the chapter opens with a gen-eral commitment that ‘‘each Party shall strive to ensure that its environ-mental laws . . . provide for, and en-courage, high levels of environmental protection.’’ That is right; they are to ‘‘strive to ensure.’’ On transitioning to a low-emissions economy, ‘‘Parties shall cooperate to address matters of joint or common in-terest.’’ There is nothing more on cli-mate change whatsoever. On marine animal conservation, ‘‘Each party shall promote the long- term conservation’’ of sharks and var-ious marine animals through ‘‘such measures’’ considered appropriate. I don’t even know what that means. What is clear is that none of this is en-forceable. So the problem is, no ac-countability. There is no requirement that countries meet their obligations before Congress has to vote on the agreement and no independent verifica-tion of whether those obligations are ever met. We will vote to open our markets on day one to goods made under terrible labor and environmental conditions and hope that over time, after we have forfeited our leverage, these countries will implement and enforce the kinds of labor laws our country has had for decades. What this means is that we are giv-ing them the deal, and after we forfeit all of our leverage, we hope they will see the light and do the right thing. Take Vietnam as an example. The eco-nomic benefits to Vietnam of reduced or eliminated U.S. duties are enor-mous. Importers from Vietnam cur-rently pay around $2 billion in annual tariffs. Most of that comes from im-ports of apparel and footwear—indus-tries that frequently utilize forced and child labor. Although Vietnam is sup-posed to comply on day one with the labor side agreement it signed with the United States, there is no independent verification. The side agreement sets up a long process of consultation before punitive action can be taken. At that point, Vietnam will already be enjoy-ing the benefit of the elimination of the tariff, and the United States will have lost jobs that cannot compete 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.025 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2439 April 26, 2016 
with forced child labor. No punitive ac-tion will bring back those jobs. Now let’s talk about the enforcement side. Our track record, unfortunately, is not good. In the limited instances in which there are enforcement mecha-nisms in our trade agreements, we rarely utilize them. Recently, the GAO reported a systemic failure to enforce labor and environmental commitments across several trade agreements, even in light of compelling evidence of vio-lations. The reason for this is that we don’t really provide the resources for enforcement. But more importantly, there is a real lack of political will. For instance, the inclusion of Malaysia in this trade zone gives us insight into the lack of political will. When we debated fast-track author-ity last year, Congress agreed on an important negotiating objective: No trade deals with countries that earn the worst human trafficking ranking, according to the U.S. State Depart-ment. This seems like something ev-eryone ought to agree to. At the time, this included Malaysia, which had the lowest ranking. But just after fast- track became law, Malaysia’s ranking was upgraded—to the surprise of human rights experts everywhere. The upgrade allowed the circumvention of Congress’s will and the continued in-clusion of Malaysia in TPP. This came just a few months after the discovery of human cages and 130 graves at a human trafficking detention camp on the Malaysia-Thailand border. Against this backdrop, it is hard to have con-fidence that we will ever prioritize labor rights, human rights, or environ-mental protection over commercial in-terests. I am also deeply concerned about the inclusion of investor-state dispute set-tlement provisions, or ISDS for short. ISDS provides a special forum outside of our court system that is just avail-able to foreign investors. These inves-tors are given the right to sue govern-ments over laws and regulations that impact their businesses—a legal right that is not granted to a labor union, an individual, or anyone else. Here is how it works: If a decision is made by a national government that is contradicted by a provision in a trade agreement, the trade agreement wins. If a law that we pass contradicts a pro-vision in TPP, TPP trumps our law. Corporations are increasingly seeing this as a viable legal strategy to in-crease profits and undermine public health and environmental and labor protections. The ISDS forum is not available to anyone other than foreign corpora-tions. It is not open to domestic busi-nesses, labor unions, civil societies, or individuals who allege a violation of a trade agreement obligation. The arbitrators in ISDS who preside over these cases are literally not ac-countable to anyone. Their decisions cannot be appealed. By profession, the arbitrators usually make their living working as lawyers for multinational corporations. The arbitrators cannot force the government to change its laws, but they can order the govern-ment to pay the investor when they lose money as a result of a law that contradicts a trade agreement, which can have the same effect. It is one thing for the United States to decide to pay a penalty to keep a law in place, but small countries can-not afford to go up against these multi-national corporations in the ISDS con-text. Not only will they repeal their national laws, they sometimes will not enact national laws knowing that they will be subject to fines under this ISDS process. The government often agrees to change the law or regulation that is being challenged, in addition to paying compensation. The threat of a case can be enough to convince a government to back away from legitimate public health, safety, or environmental poli-cies. The practical implication is po-tentially sweeping. ISDS could prevent us from addressing climate change, raising the minimum wage, protecting consumers from harmful products, or preventing another financial crisis. Each time we pass a law or regula-tion to improve the lives of the Amer-ican people, foreign investors will ef-fectively have the final say. These risks are not theoretical. In fact, for the United States, the risk of ISDS has become very real. In January, Trans-Canada—the Canadian company behind the Keystone XL Pipeline—filed a claim against the U.S. Government under NAFTA’s ISDS provisions for failing to approve the pipeline. If TransCanada wins, taxpayers—U.S. taxpayers—would be on the hook for $15 billion in damages being demanded by foreign corporations. Make no mistake. This is a new strategy for fossil fuel companies to challenge laws and regulations that are attempting to reduce carbon emissions and combat climate change. There are hundreds of billions of dollars at stake, and with that on the line, you have to believe that law firms are spending hours systematically scouring every trade and investment agreement for provisions they can use to invalidate Federal law. This is the legal strategy to bust up laws designed to protect public health, the environment, and consumers. Corporate interests should not be the driving force for public policy deci-sions. Yet that is exactly what this trade agreement would allow. A lot of us had hopes that this trade agreement would be different, but in a lot of ways, it is the same as the bad agreements that have come before it, and in some ways, it is actually worse. We are forfeiting valuable leverage across a huge area of the Asia Pacific that we could have used to lift labor and environmental conditions and level the playing field for our workers. This is not a question of whether you are for trade or whether you believe we should be engaged in the Pacific region, it is a question of how. This deal is, unfortunately, a lowest common denominator agreement. For these reasons, I must oppose the TPP. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Wyo-ming. 
THE REPUBLICAN -LED SENATE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I head home to Wyoming just about every weekend. Lots of people from Wyoming come here to Washington to visit as well. When I am home, I get a chance to talk to people, and here in Washington, I get to talk to people. So yesterday is a day I flew here. I had talked to folks in Wyoming early in the morning and then yesterday after-noon got off the plane, and there were a number of students here from Sheri-dan High School from ‘‘We the People.’’ One of our pages here is also from that high school. So you get to hear a lot from people. Some folks have been ask-ing: What has the Republican Congress actually accomplished? So I would like to take a few minutes to talk a little bit about what the Senate has actually done this year and during this Congress since the Republicans have taken over the majority. We are not even 4 months into this year, and we have already had a very productive year in the Senate. It is true. We have been active, we have been effective, and it is only April. In February, we passed legislation to add tough new sanctions against North Korea. As the Presiding Officer knows, the President in the White House was very reluctant when we started pro-posing these sanctions—hesitant about the sanctions that we proposed against North Korea. Let’s face it. North Korea has been aggressively testing missiles, testing nuclear weapons, and needs to be stopped. When other countries threaten their neighbors, as North Korea has done in their general geographic area, what happens is the United States must stand up and stop them. President Obama has done far too little. I am very concerned about the aggression and the ambitions of North Korea. That is why the Senate had to act. So Congress has stood up and pushed against this action. We had more ac-tion against North Korea; that is ex-actly what we did. The Senate also acted by passing a Defend Trade Secrets Act to help busi-nesses protect their confidential infor-mation. We passed a piece of legislation called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation to help fight the misuse of prescription drugs, in terms of pre-scription pain killers called opioids. Now, look, it has been a huge problem in our country—communities all around the country. Senator A
YOTTE  from New Hampshire and Senator P
ORTMAN of Ohio were two of the main sponsors of this legislation. I know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.027 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2440 April 26, 2016 
Senator P ORTMAN was on the floor re-cently, talking about different legisla-tion. But he has shown heroic leader-ship in an area that certainly needed to be addressed. The Senate worked and reauthorized the Older Americans Act. This was an-other bipartisan piece of legislation. It works to help provide senior citizens with things like meals, transpor-tation—ways to help people live in their own homes longer and ways to help in terms of their quality of life, which is very important for Americans all across the country. We passed legislation to overhaul and reauthorize the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration. This is a significant ac-complishment. This legislation pro-motes U.S. aerospace jobs by cutting through some of the redtape that has been hurting airplane designers. Then, just last week, we passed a comprehensive overhaul of American energy policy, something we had not done in about 8 years. Over the past few years, hard-working Americans have made this country into an energy superpower. Yet we had not passed any kind of major energy legislation for about 8 years because Washington’s regulations have simply not kept pace, and they have actually worked against the energy producers, people that are getting back to work, getting this country’s economy returned. The legislation we passed is going to rein in some of this needless, wasteful bureaucracy that the Federal Govern-ment has imposed on the people cre-ating energy jobs and working to produce more energy because energy is called a master resource for a reason. We have it in great abundance. One of the very important parts was language to expedite the shipment of America’s natural gas to buyers around the world. It is good for our economy, and it is good for our allies who will be able to decrease their dependence on Russian gas. Senator L
ISAMURKOWSKI from Alas-ka did an outstanding job of making sure that this legislation had ideas from both sides of the aisle. That is a big part of why this piece of major en-ergy legislation—first time in 8 years— passed 85 to 12—85 to 12. That is an-other big accomplishment of the Sen-ate this year that does not get enough attention. It is not just that we are passing important legislation that helps Americans, but we are doing it in a bipartisan way that allows every Senator—every Member of this body— to represent the people back home with their ideas and their suggestions. We have voted on 129 amendments so far this year—129 amendments voted on this year. When the Democrats under H
ARRY REIDwere in control, a lot of people around here got used to the idea that people did not actually get to vote on amendments. In 2014, the last year under Democratic control under H
ARRY  R
EID, the Senate had only 15 up-or- down votes on amendments all year— full calendar year 2014. When Republicans took the majority, we changed that. The Senate has been working this year just as we worked last year. We could have done a lot more if a few Democrats had not blocked progress on some very impor-tant pieces of legislation. The people in Wyoming now know that there are some important things they really care about, and they were actually blocked by President Obama. In January, the President vetoed legislation that we had passed to improve health care in this country by repealing major parts of ObamaCare. Remember, the President said to Democrats that they should forcefully defend and be proud of that health care law, but one out of four Americans—25 percent of Americans—say they have been personally harmed by the Presi-dent’s health care law. So we put it on his desk to do a repeal, and he vetoed that. Now, only about one in eight people in this country say they have been helped by the health care law. When you take a look at major legislation that impacts the country, it is no sur-prise that this health care law con-tinues to be very unpopular, especially when you see that for every one person who says they have been helped, there are almost two people who said they have personally been hurt by the law. The President also vetoed legislation that we passed here to bring some san-ity to something called the waters of the United States rule—again, a rule put out in regulation by the President, a reinterpretation of the law. The law is very clear to me, but the President had his own approach. We put a bill on his desk to overturn what he has tried to do. The courts have actually stopped him in his tracks, but he once again ve-toed our efforts. Last year the President actually ve-toed five different bills passed by Con-gress. This kind of obstructionism from President Obama doesn’t help our country move forward. It is not helpful when the Democratic leaders do every-thing they can to convince people that nothing is being done in the Senate, but we hear that day after day from Minority Leader HARRY REID. It is interesting, because when Sen-ator R
EIDwas the majority leader, he had a very firm strategy, and the strat-egy seemed to be to do as little as pos-sible. Well, he is now the minority leader, and I think he went from the majority to the minority for a reason. It seems to me that he is still hanging on, clinging on to that losing strategy. The plan didn’t work then, and I think that one of the reasons that he continues to try to talk down and slow down some of our progress is because, actually, he is envious—envious of anyone who gets things done in the Senate. Republicans in the Senate are not in-terested in working at H
ARRY REID’s pace and neither are the Democrats— many of the Democrats. Most Senators agree that we have a lot of work to do and that it is good for America when we actually do the work. That is why we have been working our way through the appropriations bills. This year we got the earliest start ever to appropriations bills—and really in the history of the modern budget process. So we continue to work on that. I wish to be clear on one important point. Doing our job in the Senate doesn’t mean setting aside the prior-ities of the American people just to help President Obama build a political legacy. That is why the Senate is going to stand firm and strong to give Ameri-cans a voice in who gets to fill the va-cancy on the Supreme Court. Now President Obama wants us to set aside everything else and let him appoint his Justice to the Supreme Court. It is not going to happen. We do our job every day, doing the things that will make an immediate difference to the families all across the country, things that Republicans and Democrats agree on and that every-body knows we should be doing. That is what you are seeing with this Repub-lican-run Senate. That is what the peo-ple want us to do. That is what they expect us to do, and that is what we will continue to do. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 20 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, today is the 135th time I have come to give voice to the issue that I feel will most significantly define this genera-tion of leadership in the United States and, frankly, around the globe. I know that there are many people in Washington who would prefer to ignore what our carbon emissions are doing to our oceans and to our climate, but we disregard nature’s warnings at our peril. The changes to our environment, fueled by our carbon pollution, are far- reaching—from the coastlines to the prairies, from mountain tops to deep oceans, from pole to pole. As a terres-trial species, we naturally pay more at-tention to what is happening on land, such as increasing average global tem-peratures and upheavals in extreme weather. We don’t so much see what is happening in our oceans. Every year we emit into the Earth’s thin atmosphere tens of gigatons of carbon dioxide from burning fossil fuels—nearly 36 gigatons of carbon di-oxide in 2014. Not all of that carbon di-oxide stays in the atmosphere. Our oceans—the Earth’s oceans—absorb ap-proximately one-third of all our carbon pollution. That means they have ab-sorbed roughly 600 gigatons in our in-dustrial era. For the record, a gigaton is a billion tons—not a thousand tons, not a mil-lion tons, but a billion tons—and 600 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.028 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2441 April 26, 2016 
billion tons of carbon dioxide have gone into our oceans. We know what that does. All that carbon dioxide in the oceans changes the ocean’s very chemistry, and it makes ocean water more acidic. The chemical reaction, carbon dioxide reacting with water to form carbonic acid, is simple. You can replicate it in a middle school science lab, but its effects in the oceans are profound. According to research published in the journal Nature Geoscience, the rate of change in ocean acidity is already faster than at any time in the past 50 million years on Earth. We are rapidly spiraling into unknown territory. By way of context, the human species has been around on Earth for about 200,000 years. The human species started farm-ing and herding, went from hunting and gathering to the basics of social-ized human life less than 20,000 years ago. We are doing something to our planet now that has no precedent for 50 million years. This line shows the increasing CO
2in the atmosphere in parts per million. This line shows the absorption of the CO
2by the ocean, and this line shows the pH change in the oceans as a re-sult. I would point out that pH is actu-ally measured on a logarithmic scale. So if you were to adjust this to the standard percentage-type display of in-formation, you would see this falling much more steeply. This is a very con-servative way of showing what is hap-pening to our oceans. The logarithmic scale is a multiple, not just a steady line. So as you move down the pH num-bers, you are actually creating much more massive effects in the ocean. People have measured this drop in ocean pH from climate change. This is not a theory. You can go out and meas-ure it with equipment that is not very different, again, from what a middle school with an aquarium would use to measure pH in the aquarium. People measure something else in our oceans also. They measure the rise in ocean temperature. For decades, the oceans have absorbed over 90 percent of the excess heat trapped in the atmos-phere by greenhouse gas emissions. The heat that comes in, that gets trapped in our thin atmosphere when the Sun’s warmth gets trapped by these green-house gasses, lands in a variety of places. The Antarctic ice sheet gets two-tenths of a percent of the heat. The Greenland ice sheet gets two- tenths of a percent of the heat. Arctic sea ice gets eight-tenths of a percent of the heat. Glaciers and icecaps take up nine-tenths of a percent of the heat. All of our continents together, the land mass of the Earth, take up 2.1 percent of the added heat from climate change. The atmosphere, that thin membrane that allows us to live and breathe on this planet, has taken up 2.3 percent of the heat. All the rest of it, 93 percent, has been taken up by the oceans. They are our refrigerant. They are our cool-er. They are the air conditioner for the planet. But when you take up that much, things begin to change, and ocean heat is ramping up. A study published in the journal Na-ture Climate Change found that in the last 20 years—actually, less than 20, from 1997 to now, to be exact—the oceans absorbed the same amount of heat energy just in that 20-year period as they had in the previous 130 years. That is a dramatic increase in heat up-take by the oceans. It is our human ac-tivity, specifically our unfettered burn-ing of fossil fuels, that has made our oceans both warmer overall and more acidic. One result of this is the calamity now taking place in the world’s coral reefs. A healthy coral reef is one of the most productive and diverse eco-systems on Earth. It is an engine for the propagation of life. Coral depends on a symbiotic relationship with tiny, photosynthetic algae called zooxanthellae. They live in the surface tissue of the coral. Within a limited range of temperature, pH, salinity, and water clarity, this symbiosis can thrive, and it gives us reefs all over the world—these engines of life in the ocean. Living coral has evolved for mil-lions of years to maintain its symbiosis within that range. We are now measur-ably—not theoretically but measur-ably—altering the ocean in ways too fast for coral to adapt. Push corals out of their comfort range for very long, and the corals get stressed and they evict their algae. This process is what is known as coral bleaching. Because corals get most of their food out of that symbiotic rela-tionship with these algae, if the algae can’t be reabsorbed quickly, the corals die. Coral bleaching sounds benign, but it is like cardiac arrest for a reef. There is a good chance it dies and, even if it doesn’t, it is a long recovery. We are currently in the middle of a mas-sive bleaching of the world’s coral reefs—cardiac arrest at a global scale. Dr. Mark Eakin of NOAA’s Coral Reef Watch Program says of this coral cataclysm: ‘‘It very well may be the worst period of coral bleaching we have seen.’’ And when he says ‘‘we have seen,’’ he means that which we have ever seen in the human record. Worldwide, coral has already de-clined by approximately 40 percent. Closer to home, across the Caribbean and the Florida Keys, two key coral species have declined by an astonishing 98 percent in the last four decades. In my lifetime, I have seen once-radi-ant underwater ecosystems teeming with life become barren fields of white skeletons reaching into an empty ocean. One of my climate trips took me down to Monroe County, FL, where I met Mayor Sylvia Murphy, the Repub-lican mayor of Monroe County, home to the famous Florida Keys. I asked her how the reefs were off the Keys. ‘‘Beau-tiful,’’ she said, ‘‘unless you were here 15 years ago.’’ Australia’s Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral ecosystem on Earth. It is one of the seven wonders of the natural world. Severe bleaching is now hitting ‘‘between 60 and 100 percent of corals’’ on the Great Barrier Reef, according to Dr. Terry Hughes of James Cook Uni-versity in Queensland, Australia. Professor Hughes tweeted out a map of the current devastation, writing in the text: ‘‘I showed the results of aerial survey of bleaching on the Great Bar-rier Reef to my students, and then we wept.’’ As with many other effects of cli-mate change, it can be difficult to con-vey the magnitude of events when they aren’t taking place in front of our ter-restrial human faces. In his 2010 TED talk, one of the great marine scientists we have, leading coral ecologist Dr. Jeremy Jackson, tried to bring this coral bleaching calamity a little closer to home. He put it like this: Imagine you go camping in July some-where in Europe or North America, and you wake up the next morning, and you look around you, and you see that 80 percent of the trees, as far as you can see, have dropped their leaves and are standing there naked. And you come home, and you discover that 80 percent of all the trees in North America and in Europe have dropped their leaves. 
Remember, this is his example from July. 
And then you read in the paper a few weeks later, ‘‘Oh, by the way, a quarter of those trees died.’’ Well, that’s what happened in the Indian Ocean during the 1998 El Nino, an area vastly greater than the size of North America and Europe, when 80 percent of all the corals bleached and a quarter of them died. 
Jeremy came to speak to our caucus recently. He told us that every ocean ecosystem he studied in his career is gone, as he first found it, changed dra-matically from his first visit. Coral reefs are one of the first places that truly irreversible effects of cli-mate change seem to be manifesting themselves—the proverbial canary dying in the coal mine of our carbon- ridden planet. To say the ocean we knew in our childhood is already gone is not doomsaying or pessimism, it is a grimly realistic assessment of where we stand, sadly. In the Senate, there will likely be snickering about this. Some will say: Who gives a damn about coral reefs? If it can’t be monetized by a corporation, the hell with it, is too often our motto here. Well, God made these glories. God made them on our planet. In some cases, they have been growing for tens of thousands of years. We are wrecking them in a single generation, and if that doesn’t mean something to us, a long look in the mirror might be in order. Even those who can only see this tragedy through their monetizer gog-gles ought to know that a decline in healthy coral reefs is a huge blow to us all. According to an article last month in The Atlantic, coral reefs are home to 25 percent of the world’s fish bio-diversity. Reefs are incubators for ocean life, support systems for fisheries we depend on, tourist attractions for divers and snorkelers who fill local communities with their visiting and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.030 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2442 April 26, 2016 
their spending, and they are coastal protection for coastal infrastructure and homes against storm waves. It is not nice to fool with Mother Nature. As Pope Francis warned, ‘‘God always forgives; mankind sometimes forgives; nature never forgives. You slap her and she will slap you back.’’ As he says, we are sinning with our actions against nature, and nature will not forget. We just don’t have that right. We are making a mark on the Earth in this generation that will not go away. If mankind lasts 10,000 years, well, 10,000 years from now they will see and know the mark of this generation on our planet, and they will justly inquire: How could we have been such fools? How could we, in this generation, have been such greedy, reckless, self-infatu-ated fools? In 1954, the United States detonated a hydrogen bomb over the Bikini Atoll in the Marshall Islands. The explosion vaporized everything on three islands, raised water temperatures to as much as 55,000 degrees, and left a crater over a mile wide and 240 feet deep. More than 60 years have gone by and sci-entists observe the corals in this part of the Pacific flourishing again. If you give it a chance, life finds a way. Dr. Zoe Richards, one of the sci-entists involved in the study, said: ‘‘The healthy condition of the coral at Bikini Atoll today is proof of their re-silience and ability to bounce back from massive disturbances, that is, if the reef is left undisturbed and there are healthy nearby reefs to source the recovery.’’ So that is the caveat. Reefs can re-cover but not if we continue to stack the deck oceanwide against them by pumping so much heat and carbon pol-lution into the oceans. Senator S
CHATZ of Hawaii—not co-incidently another ocean State—intro-duced, along with me, the American Opportunity Carbon Fee Act last year to address climate change with a mar-ket-based solution built on principles espoused by leading Republican econo-mists. We went to Republicans—former Cabinet officials, former Members of Congress, economists, think tanks— and we said: How should we do this? If you don’t like the President’s plan, if you don’t like the regulatory way, what is your way? Virtually every sin-gle person on the Republican side who has thought this problem through to a solution has come to the same place, a revenue-neutral carbon fee with an ap-propriate border adjustment. So that is what we wrote. When you are ready, we are here. We did it your way. As a Senator, John F. Kennedy once said: 
Let us not despair but act. Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic an-swer but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past—let us accept our own responsibility for the future. 
This is particularly true for our oceans. As one Florida mayor put it: ‘‘The ocean is not Republican, and it’s not Democratic . . . it’s a nonpartisan ocean,’’ and that nonpartisan ocean is screaming warnings at us that we ought to heed in nonpartisan fashion. We have a clear scientific under-standing of the problem, and we have a moral obligation to act. Time is not on our side. We need to pay attention to the evidence. We need to accept the re-ality of our predicament as it is com-municated to us by the laws and signs of nature—God’s signals to us on this Earth. That is what healthy coral looks like under the water. Here it is bleached out and dying. It is our ocean. It is our responsibility. I urge this body to wake up and lead. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRIBUTE TO DR . EMILY LEMBECK  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I come to the floor of the Senate to do some-thing I periodically like to do when a citizen of my State deserves recogni-tion for the contributions they have made to my State and the citizens of my State. Today is such a day. Dr. Emily Lembeck is the super-intendent of the Marietta City Public School System. Recently, she was in-ducted into the Hall of Fame for Edu-cation, and her palm print is embedded in the walk around Glover Park Square in Marietta, GA. I am close to Emily in more ways than one. When I chaired the State board of education in 1996, she was an elementary school principal at Dunleith Elementary in Marietta, GA. She had been at West Side, she moved on to Marietta Middle School, and later became superintendent of the Marietta Public Schools—8,900 stu-dents, 1,200 employees—a challenge but a wonderful community. Throughout her career, she has gifted more to children in our community than any person I know of. In par-ticular, she has taught those who didn’t know how to read to read. She has made reading a passion in our com-munity. She has made children’s abil-ity to read and comprehend and under-stand and move forward in life a re-ality, in a place where at one time it was no reality at all. In fact, let me tell you, when I was chairman of the State board of edu-cation we were working hard to make Reading First a movement in this country. She came forward with this idea about adopting something called Marietta Reads. It was a very simple program but a program where leaders in the community, such as I, would come to elementary schools in Mari-etta, GA, sit down ‘‘Indian style’’ on the floor with first graders and teach them to read, read with them, and help them identify with the joy of reading and the understanding of reading. From that day, I gained a greater ap-preciation for the challenge every teacher faces as they teach our chil-dren in classrooms. Emily Lembeck has been awarded al-most every award you can possibly get, from the chamber of commerce to the Kiwanis Club, to the Rotary. She has received the Living the Dream Award from the NAACP during King Week a few years ago, she received the Whit-ney M. Young Jr. Service Award from the Boy Scouts for her leadership. Time and again, Emily Lembeck has been represented to be the great person she is—a leader in education, a leader of children, somebody our community is proud of. So on this day in Wash-ington, DC, on the floor of the Senate, I want the name of Emily Lembeck to ring from one corner to the other for all she has contributed and all she has done to make our community a better, more wholesome, and more meaningful community, and for what she has done to make the lives of our community’s children just a little bit better. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, for years now, patients on Indian reservations in the Great Plains area have been receiv-ing substandard medical care. The most recent example of the In-dian Health Service’s failure occurred in December of 2015, when I was noti-fied that two federally operated Indian Health Service facilities in my State were at risk of losing their Medicare provider agreements. In other words, these two facilities have been deliv-ering such a poor level of care, the gov-ernment isn’t sure it is willing to con-tinue paying these facilities to care for Medicare patients. In February, at the request of several Senators, myself included, the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs held a hearing to address the state of patient care at the Indian Health Service in the Great Plains area. Thanks to the graciousness of our colleague from Wy-oming, Senator B
ARRASSO , who chairs the Indian Affairs Committee, I was able to participate in this hearing and question several Indian Health Service officials. I wish I could report that this hearing reassured me that the Indian Health Service is on track to solve the problems facing patients on the res-ervations, but it just left me more con-cerned. The hearing underscored the government’s massive failure on this issue: its failure to deliver quality care, its failure to ensure patient safe-ty, and its failure to live up to treaty responsibilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.031 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2443 April 26, 2016 
I have read the reports from the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices, and some of the stories really are beyond comprehension. Incredibly, a report of dirty, unsanitized medical equipment left exposed in an emer-gency room isn’t even the most shock-ing of those stories. One patient who had suffered a severe head injury was discharged from the hospital mere hours after checking in, only to be called back later the same day when his test results arrived. The patient’s condition was so serious that he was immediately flown to another facility for care. One health service facility was in such disarray that a pregnant mother gave birth on a bathroom floor—a bathroom floor—without a single med-ical professional nearby, which shockingly wasn’t the first time this had happened at this facility. I wish I were able to stand here today and report that conditions are getting better. Unfortunately, I cannot. Since February’s hearing, we have been made aware of another tragic event that oc-curred at Pine Ridge Hospital. Reports from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services indicate that a 23- year-old patient complaining of nausea and cramping in his hands and lower extremities died from cardiac arrest 2 hours after he was discharged from the emergency department. An investiga-tion conducted by CMS verified that this young man failed to receive an adequate medical screening evaluation before his discharge. Even worse, the report indicated that there was no doc-umentation showing nurse and doctor communication. It hasn’t helped that Congress’s at-tempts to address these problems have been hampered by less-than-honest re-porting from the Indian Health Serv-ice. Time and again, we have found that conditions on the ground have not matched up to information reported to Congress. In 2014, I requested a status update from the then-Acting Director of the Indian Health Service. In her response, she stated that ‘‘the Great Plains Area has shown marked improvement in all categories’’ and that ‘‘significant im-provements in health care delivery and program accountability have also been demonstrated.’’ Significant improvements? Sending a man home with bleeding in his brain and having a mother give birth pre-maturely on a bathroom floor are not signs of significant improvements. On December 4, 2015, officials from the Indian Health Service stated that a majority of the concerns at Rosebud Hospital had been addressed or abated. Yet, mere hours later, I was informed that the Rosebud Hospital emergency department was functioning so poorly that emergency patients would be di-verted to other hospitals beginning the next day. It has now been 143 days, and the Indian Health Service leadership has been unable to reopen the Rosebud Hospital’s emergency department. For the last 143 days, incoming emer-gency patients have had to travel be-tween 44 and 55 miles to receive care. That is similar to requiring a resident of Harpers Ferry, WV, to travel to Washington, DC, to receive emergency services. And to date, the Indian Health Service has been unable to tell us when it anticipates emergency de-partment services will resume. The Rosebud Sioux Tribe informs me that since this emergency department has been on diverted status, six indi-viduals have lost their lives in ambu-lances while being transported to a hospital farther away. Six families are now left to wonder whether their loved ones could have been saved if the In-dian Health Service had been doing its job. This is unconscionable. The Indian Health Service has one last chance this Friday to reach an agreement with CMS to set the Rose-bud Hospital back on a path to compli-ance with basic safety and administra-tive requirements. If the Indian Health Service fails to do so, Rosebud will lose its status as a Medicare provider. Additionally, the Indian Health Serv-ice has until Friday to address Emer-gency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act violations found at Pine Ridge Hospital. The administration has drafted re-port after report promising to correct these issues, yet time and again it has failed to follow through. During the re-cent Indian Affairs Committee hearing, the former Principal Deputy Director of the Indian Health Service could not remember that he was in charge of im-plementing a 2011 report. Where is the accountability? Who is in charge? We have got to do better. Simply shifting staff between posi-tions and offices, as the Indian Health Service has done in response to these problems, is not enough. It is time for action. We must do everything within our power—we will do everything with-in our power—to hold the Indian Health Service accountable and to make sure this never happens again. I continue to work with my col-leagues in the Senate on a path for-ward to demand accountability from an agency that, by all accounts, is discon-nected and unresponsive to the needs of our Native Americans. I will also continue to consult with the nine tribes in South Dakota. Our tribes are in the best position to help figure out the path forward for their own health care, and I believe the In-dian Health Service must do a better job of consulting with our tribes when it comes to the care they receive. I am going to do everything I can within my power to get all of our tribal citizens the quality care they deserve. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. B
URRpertaining to the introduction of S. 2854 are print-ed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘State-ments on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. BURR. I thank the Presiding Of-ficer, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL  
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I rise today to speak on behalf of the one in three Ohioans who knows somebody who is struggling with addiction to heroin or prescription drugs. I rise today on behalf of the over 5,000 Americans who have lost their lives to a prescription drug overdose since the Senate passed the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act back on March 10. I rise today to talk about an epi-demic which is affecting my home State of Ohio, which is affecting all our States, whichever it is, and which is af-fecting our country and must be dealt with. This is the fourth time I have come to the floor of the Senate since we passed CARA, which is the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act, and I come to floor to talk about our legisla-tion and to ask the House of Represent-atives to please pass that legislation, which would then go to the President for his signature and could begin to help in communities all across the country. The legislation I am talking about is legislation that the Senator from New Hampshire, now who is the Chair right now, the Presiding Officer, has been in-volved with in a very deep way in her own State of New Hampshire and also here on the Senate floor. I appreciate all the hard work she has put into this, and I know she agrees with me that it is time for the House to act. We passed it on March 10. That means it has been 47 days since the Senate acted. About 120 Americans die every day of a drug overdose. It has been 47 days. That means we have lost 5,600 Americans to drug overdoses since the Senate passed this bill. By the way, it is not just about that tragic loss of life, it is about so many people who may not have overdosed but have this addiction and are not taking care of their families, are not able to work and be a productive citizen, are not achieving their God-given poten-tial. It is about those who have overdosed but have been saved by this miracle drug that police and fire-fighters and other first responders and sometimes family members now are ad-ministering called Narcan or naloxone. It means that since the Senate passed this bill, this epidemic is get-ting worse, not better. That is based on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.033 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2444 April 26, 2016 
all of the information I get back home. Last week in Lebanon, OH—it is a small town north of Cincinnati, OH, where my family has roots going back to the 1920s—in Lebanon, OH, a 34-year- old woman, who was engaged to be married, overdosed and died in front of her children, one aged 10 and one baby girl who was still learning to walk. By the way, that little girl’s father has now been arrested. Within days of her mother’s addiction—she has now lost both her mom and her father. Last week, from Tuesday afternoon to Wednesday morning—Tuesday after-noon to Wednesday morning—six peo-ple died of overdoses in one small town called Elyria, OH. It is not a big city; there are about 53,000 people in Elyria. We lost six people in 24 hours. That does not include the 14 people who were saved by this miracle drug I talked about, Naloxone, that reverses the ef-fects of an overdose. That is what has been happening. That is happening on our streets, and in the case of my home town of Cin-cinnati, it is happening in our parking lots. At noontime on Sunday, in my hometown, a man overdosed in the parking lot of the Museum Center in Cincinnati, OH. First responders moved quickly and were able to save his life. But it is happening in broad daylight, unfortunately, more and more fre-quently. Since 2007 drug overdoses have killed more people in Ohio than car accidents, making it the No. 1 cause of accidental death. I am told that nationally, now, it is the leading cause of accidental death in the country. It is not car acci-dents, which we would might have as-sumed, it is overdoses. They have more than tripled in Ohio from 1999 to 2010. We are told that 200,000 Ohioans are addicted to opioids—200,000 people. That is the size of a major city like Akron, OH. That is something which should concern us all. Last week there was a poll that showed that 3 in 10 Ohioans know someone who has abused prescription drugs, and 1 in 8 knows someone who has overdosed. We are talking about more than 1.3 million Ohioans. According to NIDA—the National In-stitute on Drug Abuse—the United States, even though we make up about 5 percent of the world’s population, consumes 75 percent of the prescrip-tions drugs, including the vast major-ity of the world’s prescription pain-killers, the narcotic painkillers. They say four to five of the people who are heroin addicts started on prescription drugs. We have heard more about this this week in the news, about the fact that so many people get addicted to the opioid, which is the prescription drug. Sometimes it is actually prescribed to them; sometimes they obtain it ille-gally. They turn to heroin as a less ex-pensive alternative and then end up overdosing. The results are tragic. If this is not an epidemic, I don’t know what is. It is affecting every area. It knows no ZIP Code. So when you think about drugs and drug abuse and the effects of it, you might think inner city. That is not so. It is every-where—in the suburbs, in the rural areas. It knows no ZIP Code. I mentioned that this legislation we worked on here for a few years passed the Senate. It was bicameral legisla-tion, meaning it was the House and Senate working together for 3 years. We had five conferences here in Wash-ington. We brought in experts on the issues of prevention and education and treatment and recovery and how to deal with our veterans who are coming back, who have a high rate of addic-tion, how to deal with women and their babies. In my home State of Ohio, we have had a huge increase in the rate of babies being born addicted, and what do you do about that? We put together this legislation in a comprehensive manner to handle not just one part or one sector but to be something that would deal with the ho-listic approach so that we could actu-ally get at this issue. In the House, by the way, the iden-tical legislation was introduced, and they now have over 120 cosponsors of that legislation in the House. Yet they have not been able to move on that leg-islation. Instead, they are moving on other legislation to deal with the issue. That is good. I am sure there are a lot of other things that can and should be done. Some of what they are doing is consistent with CARA. But we know CARA works. We know that if we can pass it, the President would sign it. We know it would help immediately in our communities. So I again call on the House to move quickly. Last week a subcommittee in the House chaired by J
OEPITTS marked up one dozen bills that have to do with how we fight this epidemic. J
OEPITTS is a man who cares a lot about this issue. He has a passion for it. This week my friend and full committee chairman F
REDUPTON is going to mark up those 12 bills. The House has a lot of good ideas. That is fine. That is good. I joined Congressman B
ILLJOHNSON  of Marietta, OH, who has been a pas-sionate advocate on this issue, to in-troduce something called the Pre-venting Abuse of Cough Medicine Act, which would restrict the sale of certain cough medicines that are frequently abused. That is good. It is a common-sense Ohio idea. I thank my friend and colleague for doing his part to help our constituents. That should be passed in addition to CARA, along with other legislation. I certainly respect my colleagues over there very much, as I said, but let’s just give CARA a vote, and then let’s move on this other legislation as well. It takes a while, as all of us are painfully aware, to get something through the process around here. This one went through with a 94-to-1 vote. It is comprehensive. It was introduced in both the House and the Senate. They have over 120 cosponsors. Let’s just move that. Then, if there are other things to be dealt with, like the one I talked about, we can work on those as well and find ways to work together to find common ground. I will support that. I cannot speak for all of my col-leagues, but I can speak for all of them—with the exception of one who voted the other way—to say that we will help get CARA to the President. In fact, it doesn’t need to come back to the Senate if they pass the CARA legis-lation. More and more Members in the House are focused on this issue. That is good. Tomorrow, the House Judiciary Com-mittee is also marking up legislation in this area. So this is a separate com-mittee—the Energy and Commerce Committee—and now the Judiciary Committee. They are going to mark up five related bills, including what they consider the alternative to CARA. It has some of the CARA provisions but not all of them. Let me tell you what the experts out there are saying. There are over 120 groups who have endorsed our legisla-tion, helped us to get our legislation through. Yesterday, the policy director of the Harm Reduction Coalition sent a letter to the Judiciary Committee saying that its alternative ‘‘omits vital provi-sions in CARA addressing recovery, collateral consequences, prevention, and education. These omitted provi-sions represent critical community pri-orities, which truly relate to the com-prehensiveness of CARA’s approach. CARA was developed through a thor-ough process of extensive consultation with dozens of stakeholders . . . and has secured the broad support of na-tional, state, and local addiction and recovery, public health, and criminal justice organizations. . . . The version of CARA passed by the Senate rep-resents substantial consensus among both community stakeholders and bi-partisan lawmakers.’’ The House Judiciary’s alternative to CARA does contain some of CARA’s best proposals. I appreciate that. But unfortunately it dropped out a number of really important ones as well. Some of the most important ideas that are missing include provisions expanding drug takeback programs. Again, we talked about this earlier. These pre-scription drugs are at the heart of this problem. These takeback programs get these prescription drugs off the bath-room shelf, allow us to pull these drugs away from our communities so that people are not using these drugs to get into more drugs, to get into heroin. That is not in there. There is also a heroin law enforce-ment task force that was dropped out and a drug court for veterans called the veterans court. That is a very impor-tant issue for all of us. The veterans’ testimony we got made it clear to us that these courts are working. I have toured some of these courts. I have had a chance to sit down at a roundtable discussion in Ohio with one of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.050 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2445 April 26, 2016 
great veterans courts to talk to vet-erans whose lives have been entirely turned around by these veterans courts. After years and years of bounc-ing around in the prison system or at the VA, finally they get into these drugs courts for veterans, where they are surrounded by other veterans and they are able to pull their lives to-gether, to get their families back to-gether, and in one case go back to school. There is one guy who is about to graduate from Ohio State University after years and years of not being able to find a way to move forward. Here is another one. Patty McCarthy Metcalf of Faces and Voices of Recov-ery wrote in a letter today that taking out the CARA recovery provisions ‘‘will prolong the crisis of addiction by not providing the critical support in communities across our nation where it is most needed. Recovery services provided by recovery community orga-nizations, including recovery coaching and emergency rooms and drug courts and recovery education and awareness, are desperately needed and highly ef-fective in getting people with addiction on a long-term path to recovery.’’ What does she mean by all that? She means that these recovery coaches and the services that are supported by the CARA bill help people who might go, as she said, to an emergency room be-cause they have an overdose to be con-fronted by somebody who says: Look, we can help you get better. You don’t have to do this again. You don’t have to overdose again. You don’t have to go through this near-death experience. We can get you into a program where you can get treatment and recovery. Someone has to provide the resources for those coaches. We want those coaches. All of us as citizens should want them. We don’t want people to keep overdosing again and again. We want to break that cycle. That is what our legislation would do. Patty makes the critical point that our response has to be comprehensive. I think she is right. She says: 
Prevention, treatment and enforcement cannot solve the opiate problem without re-covery supports. National experts on addic-tion, and millions of people in recovery, will agree that a comprehensive approach is crit-ical. 
That is what we do. CARA is com-prehensive. There are 71 recovery groups, including the Ohio State Uni-versity Collegiate Recovery Commu-nity, which sent a letter to the House Judiciary Committee and the Edu-cation and Workforce Committee today expressing concern that two sections of CARA which expand recovery supports for students in high school and in col-lege were dropped out. These are amaz-ing programs. I am so impressed with these brave young men and women who stand up and say: I have a problem. I have an addition. For other students at this high school or at this college, who, like me, have this addiction, have this disease, I want to help you. We should work together and come together in support groups. There did not use to be any of these hardly, as far as I know. Now there are a number of them. Ohio State Univer-sity is one of the places that took the lead in this. I am so proud of those stu-dents who stood up and said: Despite the stigma around this, I am going to stand up and say that I have this prob-lem, and I know many of you do too. If you do, come, and we can work to-gether to work through this problem. Again, what they say is, ‘‘We support a comprehensive approach to address-ing this epidemic, which must include providing recovery supports that en-able individuals to enter and sustain their recovery.’’ Again, CARA is com-prehensive. No other bill comes close. As this process moves forward, I hope we will insist that any final agreement represents a comprehensive approach because this epidemic has to be com-bated from all angles. The approach we took to writing CARA was to say we are going to take the best ideas regard-less of where they come from. We don’t care who brings them. We just care what the idea means to help address this problem. We had ideas from Democrats. We had ideas from Republicans. We had ideas from House Members, from Sen-ators, from experts in law enforcement, and from patients in recovery. We didn’t ask who had the idea, we asked if it was a good idea. That is how you cobble together good legislation that makes a difference in our communities. On Friday I was in Ohio chairing a hearing of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. It was at University Hospitals of Cleve-land, OH. We heard from law enforce-ment experts such as the attorney gen-eral, Mike DeWine, and the acting U.S. attorney, Carole Rendon. She was great, as was Senator DeWine. Law en-forcement, including the Fraternal Order of Police, has been strongly sup-portive of CARA because they believe this comprehensive approach works. We also provide training for the ad-ministering of this naloxone we talked about, the Narcan, and being sure that law enforcement has what they need to be able to help combat this issue. We also create these law enforcement task forces to combat heroin and methamphetamines. They want better tools, law enforcement does, so they can save lives. We owe them that. In Ohio I am that our first responders have used naloxone more than 16,000 times in the last year alone. Thank God for those first responders because they have saved thousands and thou-sands of lives. On Friday we also heard from Tracy Plouck from the Ohio Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services. We heard from Dr. Nancy Young of Children and Family Futures and Dr. Margaret Kotz, who is the director of Addiction Recovery Services at Univer-sity Hospitals in Cleveland, one of the experts we have relied on. They talked about the recovery process. Their point was that probably 9 out of 10 people who need treatment are not getting it. That is a clear sign the status quo is not working. Some of it is the stigma we talked about earlier, people are not coming forward. Some of it is not having treatment programs that are accessible. We heard about waiting lists, sometimes 3 or 4 days, sometimes 14 days, sometimes a couple of months—and people being at that point in their lives where they are will-ing to come forward and say: I need to solve this problem. Yet there is a wait-ing list. Last night I had a tele-townhall meeting. We had 25,000 Ohioans on at any one time. It was a big group. Peo-ple were talking about all kinds of issues, from the terrorist threat we face to energy and environment issues, to the jobs issue. One guy called in and he asked: What are you doing about treatment for peo-ple who have drug problems? So I told him about the CARA legis-lation and he seemed to have a quiver in his voice. I asked him: You seem to have a lot of interest in this and some informa-tion about it. Can you tell us your background? I thought perhaps he was a doctor or a treatment specialist. Unfortunately, he said what you hear more and more from parents, which is: I lost my child to addiction. She had an overdose. She died. And the reason I am so focused on treatment, Senator PORTMAN , is because we got her to the place in her life where she was willing to go, finally, to a treatment center and get the treatment and recovery services she needed to deal with this disease that had gripped her—and there was no room at the inn. There was a waiting list. We couldn’t get her in, and it was during that period that we couldn’t get her into the treatment center that would have helped her that she overdosed. This is a caller from last night who— on a call—was willing to say this in front of 25,000 people. I told him I ap-preciated the fact that he had the cour-age to call in and the courage to talk about it. Of course, I expressed my sympathy to him and his family but asked him to continue talking about it, to channel that grief into something positive. Until we get more people into treat-ment, this is going to continue to be a huge problem in every one of our com-munities. Until we change the law, until we get legislation passed in Wash-ington so we can be better partners, we are not going to be doing our part. Will Washington solve this problem? No. This problem is going to be solved in our communities, it is going to be solved in our families, and it is going to be solved in our hearts. We have to get people to pull away from this, to understand the dangers, better preven-tion and education. In our legislation, we have a preven-tion program to build awareness about the connection with prescription drugs and heroin. I bet most people listening 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.051 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2446 April 26, 2016 
right now didn’t know about that con-nection, a lot of people don’t. Why would you, if you hadn’t faced this issue? That awareness alone is going to make people make better decisions for themselves, for their children. Friday in Cleveland we had a man testify whose son died of an overdose. Do you know why? Because he had his molars—his wisdom teeth—taken out. When he had his wisdom teeth taken out, what happened? You know where I am going. They gave his son, a kid, Percocet— a narcotic, a painkiller. The rest of the story you know, which is he started taking more of those and more of those. Then he took some from the bathroom shelf of one of his relatives. He developed this addiction and even-tually turned to heroin and overdosed. Now his father, God bless him, is out there talking to high schoolers, talking to middle schoolers, talking to young people about the dangers. We can address this issue. We know we can. There has been success with other awareness programs. Think of smoking and teen smoking. We have made great progress there. We have to make progress on this one. This is about life and death. We heard testimony on Friday from Dr. Michele Walsh, the director of neonatology at University Hospitals. She talked about how she is increas-ingly seeing babies who are born with what is called neonatal abstinence syn-drome. That is a fancy way of saying these poor babies are born with an ad-diction. She said the symptoms are the same you would see with an adult. It is the fidgeting. It is the sweats. These are little babies. I have gone to these neonatal units, and I know some of my colleagues have. You see these babies. They are so small they can fit in the palm of your hand, and they are addicted. You have these doctors and nurses with incredible passion, such as Dr. Michele Walsh, who are taking care of them. In my home State of Ohio we have had a 750-percent increase in the last 12 years with babies born with neo-natal abstinence syndrome—a 750-per-cent increase. Every single neonatal unit in Ohio is facing this. I have been to Rainbow Babies & Children’s in Cleveland, which is at this hospital. I have seen what they do. I have been to St. Rita’s special care nursery in Lima, OH. I have been to Children’s Hospital in my own home-town. They are doing great work, but wouldn’t it be great if we didn’t have to deal with this issue because we had better prevention and education to let mothers know what the danger is when they are pregnant and they could have better treatment and recovery to get those women out of this grip of addic-tion so their babies can be born with-out these issues. Frankly, the long-term effects we talked about at our hearing, talking to experts and doctors, I don’t think peo-ple know what the long-term effects are—and of course that is scary. They basically take these babies through withdrawal. We have to provide babies with the medication at a lower level— but that you would provide an adult— to take them through the withdrawal process. CARA, the legislation we are talking about, would help these women. It would help these babies by expanding treatment for expectant and postpartum women as well as awarding grants to evidence-based treatment services and residential treatment pro-grams for pregnant women who are struggling with addiction. It would cre-ate a pilot program to provide family- based services to women who are ad-dicted to opiates in a nonresidential outpatient setting. It is what we learn from experts—how to help address this problem—that is in this legislation. I know there are other ideas out there, and that is great, but stripping out some of CARA’s core provisions just didn’t make any sense to me. Let’s keep it comprehensive. Let’s be sure and get this legislation done and then work on additional legislation. The House could simply put CARA on the suspension calendar and have a vote on it. That is the calendar where you have to have a two-thirds vote, but something like this with all the co-sponsors and all the interest in this issues now, I think it would pass. That means we are one vote away of getting this help to our communities. That is how close we are to a historic achievement to help begin to turn the tide, to make the Federal Government a better partner with our States, our local communities. Our great non-profits are out there in the trenches doing the work and our families. There is no reason it couldn’t happen today, tomorrow, or the next day before we go into another congressional recess. After 3 years of work, it doesn’t make sense to start from scratch and try to rewrite this. Let’s work together to come up with additional ideas that are course appropriate. Nobody has a monopoly on good ideas around here. Believe me, I know some of these House Members. They have the right intentions. They are trying to help. I appreciate that, but I also think we all need to appreciate the fact that this is a crisis. We are losing more and more Americans, 5,600 since CARA was passed in the Senate. Roughly every 12 minutes we lose someone else. People’s lives are on the line. Communities are being impacted. Families are being torn apart. It is time for us to act and act quickly. I appreciate the time today. I urge the House to move quickly on this leg-islation so we can begin to help our communities in need. I yield back the remainder of my time. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
‘‘EL FARO ’’ TRAGEDY  
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I come to the floor today to discuss, first of all, the successful location of the El Faro voyage data recorder by the NTSB. As you all recall, that was the ship that had sailed from Jacksonville and was lost at sea and everyone per-ished. Today, the NTSB found the data recorder. The U.S. Coast Guard, the U.S. Navy, and other search partners were also in-volved. That gives me hope that we will soon have more answers about this terrible disaster and how to prevent a similar one from happening again. So I want to thank the men and women of the investigative team who worked to-gether to find this important piece of the El Faro puzzle. Today we are also reminded of those who were lost on the El Faro and the loved ones they left behind. They re-main in our thoughts and prayers. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Madam President, on a different topic, I wanted to come to the floor today and talk again about the Zika virus. Once again there was an an-nouncement that there had been addi-tional cases identified in Florida. Just to recap where we stand now, Zika has now spread to over 43 coun-tries. There are 500 cases in U.S. terri-tories, most of them on the Island of Puerto Rico. In my home State of Flor-ida, there are now 93 cases—the most of any State—and the peak mosquito sea-son is directly ahead. A lot has happened regarding Zika. We have learned more and more about this disease. For example, we are now learning the virus has a direct link to Guillain-Barre syndrome, a very debili-tating, often fatal, illness, and it is striking people affected with it. We are learning through recent science that it is not just the first trimester of preg-nancy but also potentially in the sec-ond trimester that unborn children can be impacted by this, and the impacts are devastating. We are learning that of the two spe-cies of mosquitoes that spread the dis-ease, one of them has developed an im-munity, a resistance to the most com-monly used pesticide to remove them. So there is real concern as we head into the summer months and mosqui-toes begin to appear that soon we will wake up to the news that there has now been a mosquito-borne trans-mission within the continental United States. Here is the bottom line: We don’t know everything about this disease. We already know it is bad, but we don’t know how bad it is. Every day we find out more things. We know during these summer months it will be increasingly warm in many parts of the country where the two mosquito species that spread the virus can be found—in 30 out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.052 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2447 April 26, 2016 
of 50 States. We know those mosquitoes tend to grow even faster during warm seasons and when there is a lot of water on the ground. And we know one of the countries most impacted by it— Brazil—will soon host the Summer Olympic Games, which means there is going to be a tremendous amount of travel to and from Brazil, and, in fact, there already is. We know the disease is not just spread through mosquitoes, but it is also sexually transmitted. The result of all this is that there is a real concern about what direction we are headed. The President has asked for $1.9 billion in funding, and I am generally supportive of that request. I believe we need to deal with these issues on the front end as quickly as possible. We don’t want to wake up one morning to the realization that we are now in the middle of summer, this has become an epidemic or a catastrophe, and we didn’t do anything on the front end. Everyone here will have to explain what their position was at the time. I also think you can be for Zika fund-ing—you can even be for Zika funding at $1.9 billion—and you can also ask questions about how this money is going to be spent and, if possible, how we are going to pay for it because we are facing a debt situation in this country. I believe we can find $1.9 bil-lion to pay for it. I have suggested some of my own. What we don’t want to do is to play political games with this. I think it is important. On the one side, you can’t just say: Look, I am against anything they are asking for that comes up un-less you prove otherwise. I think it is important that we now admit this is a serious issue that needs to be con-fronted. But it is also not being an ob-structionist to ask: How is the money going to be spent? What programs will be funded? Where is the prioritization going to be? I think it is not too much to ask to have a level of detail about that $1.9 billion. What I am concerned about is some of the reports in the news that there are games being played with this. We have heard the news that the adminis-tration has redirected $44 million in emergency preparedness grants prom-ised to State and local governments this summer. Oftentimes in politics this is a very typical maneuver. What you do is, you cut money from an orga-nization somewhere and you blame it on congressional inaction—or in the States, on legislative inaction. And they say the reason you are losing this money is that someone is not doing what we want, so you find the most painful, alarming cuts and use them as a leverage point to get pressure built on Congress. So I want to make sure that this is not part of some game. We shouldn’t be playing games with this. I think it is also important to under-stand why, in addition to the $1.9 bil-lion, they are also saying on top of that we also have to repay the $510 mil-lion in Ebola funds since the Ebola sit-uation is now under control. These are all legitimate issues that need to be confronted. But in the end, we have to do something about this. I know the Senate and the Congress were not meant to move at warp speed, to say the least. It is a place in which ac-tion takes time, and I understand that. But there are things we don’t have time for. This issue has to be dealt with on the front end. Summer is here already. If you have been in South Florida, as I have on weekends, and back in my home State, as I will be again this Friday and into the week-end, it is already hot. That heat, com-bined with a wet season, means mos-quitoes. This is mosquito season. We have a disease that is already creating this catastrophic impact in countries neigh-boring us to the south. We know it is spread by mosquitoes. Mosquito season is rapidly approaching, and we have to get ahead of this. None of us wants to be in a position in June, July, and Au-gust where this thing breaks out and we start seeing cases in the continental United States, as we are already seeing in Puerto Rico and in Brazil, and we have no answer for why we did nothing during these months we were here. I don’t know what all the impedi-ments are. I know there are conversa-tions going on at the committee level, but I hope we can bridge this rather quickly. There are so many other issues we can argue about. There are so many other issues we can have debates about in the partisan season. But I don’t think a disease of this mag-nitude, with this level of risk, is one we should be playing games with. My hope is that cooler heads will pre-vail and that over the next few days we will find it within ourselves to find out how to appropriate the necessary money so we can begin to deal with this, at least on the front end. Maybe there is a chunk of money on the front end so we can begin to address it and then we can come back later and fund the rest of it. I think it is incumbent upon the administration and others to say ‘‘This is what the money is going to be spent on’’ so we can judge wheth-er the money and the funds are actu-ally going to things that work. But this needs to happen. This problem can’t wait, and it shouldn’t be a par-tisan fight. Combating Zika is an appropriate use of public dollars. It is an appropriate use of public dollars. I am for limited government. I am for a very limited Federal Government. But one of the things the Federal Government is tasked with is keeping our people and country safe, particularly from exter-nal threats. Traditionally, what that means is an invading army or some military threat from abroad or what-ever. In this case, this is a threat emerging from abroad, but it is coming toward the United States. There is nothing that prevents the United States from becoming like some of these other countries that have been impacted by this—nothing. Our people are not genetically immune to Zika. It is a matter of time. It is not a question of if, it is a question of when there will be a mosquito-borne transmission of the Zika disease here in the United States. And when that happens, if the posture of the Congress has been that we did nothing—nothing has happened on this; we are still debating over $200 million or $50 million—people will not be satisfied with that answer. So my hope is that this is dealt with according to the level of urgency it de-serves. As I said, in my home State of Florida we already have 93 cases, with 2 new ones over the weekend. Those numbers are only going to grow. It is just a matter of time before there is a mosquito-borne transmission some-where in the United States—the conti-nental United States, because, as I said, this has already occurred in Puer-to Rico—and I hope we get ahead of it before it is too late. As I speak to the appropriators and those involved in this, my hope is that we can find our way forward on this rather quickly. There are so many other issues to argue about; this should not be one of them. The money needs to be spent the right way, but it needs to be spent and it needs to be appro-priated, and we should endeavor to pay for as much of it, if not all of it, as we can. It needs to get quickly to the tar-get. We need to move from this process and on to those programs so we can get ahead of it in May and June, before we get into the summer, before we get into mosquito season, and before we have an outbreak in the United States. If not, we then will have to answer to the peo-ple as to why nothing happened when we knew the risk was growing and the threat was emerging. With that, Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, it has been nearly 9 months since the United States had an Ambassador to Mexico. The President’s nominee to that post, Roberta Jacobson, is eminently quali-fied for the post. The Arizona Republic noted in an editorial from March that ‘‘she’s quali-fied, respected and needed to do an im-portant job.’’ They are right. For more than 20 years, Ms. Jacobson has been immersed in the regional, po-litical, economic, and security issues related to the Western Hemisphere. In fact, as part of her extensive back-ground, she served for a time as Direc-tor of the Office of Mexican Affairs at the State Department. She is obviously 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.054 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2448 April 26, 2016 
fluent in Spanish and has earned the respect of her colleagues. She served for 3 years as Deputy Assistant Sec-retary for Canada, Mexico, and NAFTA issues within the Bureau of Western Hemisphere—experience that would later serve the United States well given that Mexico is America’s third largest trading partner, with bilateral trade totaling more than half a trillion dollars. However, she has been waiting for the Senate to confirm her nomina-tion since the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee reported it to the Senate in November of last year by a vote of 12 to 7. It should be incomprehensible to any-one around the country to have a post of the top diplomat to one of our most important bilateral relations open for this long, but for Arizonans, it is par-ticularly baffling. Arizona alone en-joyed a trade relationship with Mexico of nearly $17 billion last year. On the export side, Arizona exports about $9 billion in goods and services to Mexico every year, which, according to the Ar-izona Republic, ‘‘accounts for 41 per-cent of the state’s exports, and four times more than our state exports to our next biggest trading partner, Can-ada.’’ According to the Arizona-Mexico Commission: 
With an economy that now surpasses $1.3 trillion, Mexico ranks as one of the top 20 economies in the world. Mexico’s economy has been increasingly focused on manufac-turing, particularly since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) in 1994. 
More than $1 billion in goods are ex-changed between the United States and Mexico every day. But the U.S.-Mexico relationship is about more than just our economies; transportation issues, security threats, and natural resource management are just some of the fronts on which we cooperate with Mexico. The Arizona Republic notes that ‘‘the Arizona Department of Transportation recently signed a memorandum of un-derstanding to study ways to improve the trade corridor that spans the bor-der.’’ Arizona alone shares six ports of entry with Mexico, and Phoenix’s Sky Harbor Airport facilitates 122 flights a week to and from Mexico. All of this cooperation requires a close partner-ship between our two countries. The longer the United States goes without having an Ambassador to Mexico, the greater that partnership will suffer. To my knowledge, the holdup in this process is not based on any concrete concerns with the qualifications of this specific nominee. She enjoys over-whelming support. There is no reason not to move forward with this nomina-tion. If there is opposition, then Mem-bers should have the opportunity to ex-press it. As such, I will be asking unan-imous consent for a time agreement with a rollcall vote on her confirma-tion. There is simply no reason we should not have an Ambassador to Mexico when we have a candidate as qualified as Roberta Jacobson. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that, at a time to be determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the Democratic leader, the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 365; that there be 30 minutes for debate only on the nomination equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session without any intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I agree that the U.S.-Mexico relationship is one of our most important bilateral re-lationships. We do need an ambassador in Mexico City who has a track record of effectively advancing U.S. interests. I do, however, have serious questions about the policies that Assistant Sec-retary Jacobson has pursued during her tenure in the Western Hemisphere Bu-reau. I have had conversations with the administration and others, such as Senator CORKER , about the concerns, and I remain hopeful that we can find a way to resolve this issue in the very near future, but until then, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I plan to return frequently for as long as it takes to shed a light on this nomina-tion and to make sure it moves for-ward, so I expect to be here tomorrow to do the same. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
WORLD INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY DAY  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the United States is one of the most dy-namic and innovative countries in the world. Our Nation’s success in areas such as agriculture, manufacturing, computer technology, and medicine can be traced in large measure to our respect for, and protection of, intellec-tual property. Every year on this day, April 26, we have the opportunity to recognize the important role of intellectual property rights in the fabric of our society when we celebrate World Intellectual Prop-erty Day. Nearly 230 years ago, our Founding Fathers recognized the importance of intellectual property and made provi-sions for its promotion and protection in the Constitution. Article I, section 8, clause 8 empowers Congress ‘‘to pro-mote the Progress of Science and Use-ful arts, by securing, for limited Times, to Authors and Inventors, the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.’’ Since that time—and stemming from these values—intellectual property has played a vital role in our economy, supporting jobs and advancing creative and scientific industries. In our modern, innovation economy, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other forms of IP are more critical than ever. As the Global Intel-lectual Property Center recently point-ed out in their broad survey of Intellec-tual Property in America, IP-intensive industries employ over 40 million Americans, accounting for 38 percent of total U.S. gross domestic product. Workers in IP-intensive industries are paid better than the national average, earning an average salary of over $50,000 compared to those in non-IP-in-tensive sectors where the average is roughly $39,000. In fact, intellectual property is so important to the Amer-ican economy that the collective worth of all of the intellectual property in the United States is now above $5.8 trillion. In Iowa, we have seen how intellec-tual property has become an integral part of our economy. Our system of strong intellectual property protection has led to $11.2 billion in annual IP-re-lated exports from the State, a total of 667,557 IP-related jobs, and 19.9 percent higher wages for direct IP workers than non-IP workers. Just as Iowans utilized strong IP laws 75 years ago when they were discovering how to feed the world through cutting-edge science, today’s Iowans benefit from our system of IP protection as they start companies and create new tech success stories. The Judiciary Committee plays an important role in protecting intellec-tual property. The committee exercises jurisdiction over our Nation’s intellec-tual property laws including those gov-erning patents, trademarks, and copy-rights. We consider legislation that helps to ensure that intellectual prop-erty rights continue to promote jobs and innovation. The committee also exercises important oversight of the Patent and Trademark Office, ICANN, the Office of the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, and various law enforcement entities charged with protecting IP. Some recent examples of important legislation that helps promote intellec-tual property rights are the PATENT Act of 2015 and the Defend Trade Se-crets Act of 2016. The PATENT Act, which passed the committee by a vote of 16 to 4 last June, takes important steps to stop abusive patent litigation practices. As bad actors are exploiting the high costs of litigation and using deceptive tactics to prey on businesses, it is important that this legislation be considered in the Senate. Just 3 weeks ago, the Senate unani-mously passed the Defend Trade Se-crets Act of 2016, sponsored by Senators H
ATCH and C OONS . Building upon the bipartisan consensus generated in the Judiciary Committee, the bill passed on the Senate floor by a vote of 87 to 0. It is estimated that the American economy loses 2.1 million jobs and over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.056 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2449 April 26, 2016 
$300 billion in economic losses every year because of trade secret theft. The Defend Trade Secrets Act brings much- needed uniformity to trade secret liti-gation. This will allow the creators and owners of trade secrets to more effec-tively address the growing problem of trade secret theft. The House of Rep-resentatives is expected to pass our bill this week and I hope it will be imme-diately signed by the President. Tomorrow, the Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on counterfeits and their impact on consumer health and safety. We will hear from a panel of ex-perts, including witnesses from the Patent and Trademark Office, U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, and industry. These businesses include companies that provide home health care products and equipment to our troops. They will discuss how counter-feits can harm consumers and what their impact is on the economy. We will hear how law enforcement is ad-dressing this problem as well as how stakeholders are educating consumers to protect themselves from counter-feits. The focus of this year’s World Intel-lectual Property Day is ‘‘digital cre-ativity.’’ As the World Intellectual Property Organization notes, the cur-rent era of Internet connectivity is transforming how consumable culture such as films, TV, music, books, art, and other cultural works are created and distributed. This has led to radical changes in the way we access content and in how businesses operate. As chal-lenges emerge as to how we protect in-tellectual property rights in these new economic models, we must continue to search for effective solutions that pro-mote creativity across different medi-ums. So on this World Intellectual Prop-erty Day, it is important to once again recognize the significance of our Na-tion’s robust system of intellectual property protection and enforcement. This system has helped create the United States’ enduring role as a lead-er in innovation and creativity. As the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, I will continue to embrace my role as a promoter of intellectual prop-erty rights and American jobs. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Susan M. Collins, Lamar Alexander, Cory Gardner, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Bill Cassidy, John-ny Isakson, Lisa Murkowski, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Lindsey Graham, Thad Cochran, Roger F. Wicker, Steve Daines, Rich-ard C. Shelby. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call under rule XXII be waived with respect to the cloture vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BART ELLEFRITZ Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am not sure of the man’s name, but I want to thank a public policy professor at Western Illinois University. About a decade ago, this astute pro-fessor was talking with one of his best graduate students about his future. The professor knew that the young man was hoping to put his talent and training to good use working as a city planner or city manager in a small Illi-nois town—maybe a town like the one in which the young man had grown up. The professor suggested another pos-sibility. He asked his student: ‘‘Have you ever considered going to Wash-ington and working on Capitol Hill? I think you might like it, and you’d be good at it.’’ Fortunately for me and for countless others in my State of Illinois, that young man Bart Ellefritz, loves new challenges and adventures, so he de-cided to trust his professor’s advice. He moved to Washington and landed a job as an intern in Senator HARRY  R
EID’s personal office. That is when my office first became aware of him. Before long, I hired Bart to work as a staff assistant on my Judiciary Com-mittee staff. Bart mastered that job in no time flat and was ready for his next chal-lenge, so he moved home to Illinois to work in my Springfield office doing casework. For those who may be unfamiliar with that term, ‘‘casework’’ is a word we use to describe efforts by our staff members who work to help people with specific problems—to try to cut through red tape and make government work better for people. Bart Ellefritz is a master of casework because he is smart and he believes that government can be a force for good. Most of all, he cares about peo-ple. In 2009, Bart got an offer that was too good to turn down. It was the begin-ning of President Obama’s first term. Former Illinois Congressman Ray LaHood was the new U.S. Secretary of Transportation, and he asked Bart to come work for him, so he left—with my blessing. About 5 years ago, I succeeded in hir-ing Bart back to be the director of my Springfield office, which serves all of downstate Illinois. Let me tell you, being my downstate director is no 9-to-5 job for Bart Ellefritz. Somedays, it is a 5-to-9 job— from 5 in the morning until 9 at night. Bart is my representative—my eyes and ears—for a large part of my State. He drives hundreds of miles every week in his Mitsubishi Outlander Sport— made in Normal, IL—to meet with peo-ple on my behalf, listen to their ideas and concerns, and try to help them solve their problems. I can’t begin to count the number of people whom Bart has helped, but let me tell you about one of them. Judy—I won’t use her last name— works as a housekeeper at a motel where I often stay, and we have become friends. Several years ago, Judy confided to me that she was 62 years old and had never in her whole life had health in-surance—not for a single day. She had worked her whole life in manual labor, working as a cook, a waitress, a house-keeper, and she had never known the security of having health insurance. I asked Bart to see if there was some way to help Judy. Bart spend hours and hours talking on the phone with Judy, driving to see Judy in person, talking with folks at Medicare and Medicaid. A final hurdle came when Judy need-ed an email account to sign up for health care. Judy had never used email before, so Bart helped her set up her account. Finally, at the age of 62, because of Bart’s persistence and the Affordable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.029 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2450 April 26, 2016 
Care Act, Judy was able to afford health insurance. She was able to sleep more easily knowing that she was no longer just one bad illness or accident away from total financial ruin. I am sorry to report that Bart Ellefritz is leaving my office again next month. He is off on another great challenge. He will be working for CTA, the Chicago Transit Authority, one of the largest transit systems in the world, in one of the greatest cities in the world. I want to thank Bart publicly for the countless ways in which he has helped me and, more importantly, helped the people of Illinois. I also want to thank Bart’s wife, Ash-ley, and their son, Charley, who is just 21 months old, for sharing Bart with the people of Illinois. Bart and Ashley are what some folks in Washington refer to as a mixed mar-riage. Ashley Messick was working as as-sistant secretary of the Senate Repub-lican caucus, helping Senator M
CCON-
NELL run the Senate floor, when she and Bart met. Bart was sharing a house in Wash-ington with some other young profes-sionals—one of whom happened to be a close friend of Ashley’s. They met at the house, and hit it off immediately. I also want to thank Bart’s parents, Keith and Terri Ellefritz, for raising two wonderful sons. Their other son, Bart’s brother Ben, is a minister. Keith and Terri raised their two boys in west central Illinois, in a town called Carthage, population 2,605. Bart played on his high school foot-ball team, the Carthage Blueboys, in 1998, the year they won the State foot-ball championship. Keith and Terri Ellefritz raised their boys to have big hearts and small-town values. Somewhere along the way, Bart also developed a passion for traveling, meeting new people, and seeing the world through their eyes. He has visited all seven Wonders of the World. He took 3 months off after he left the Department of Transportation to hike through sub-Saharan Africa. He ended that trip in Tanzania, where Ashley met up with him and together, they climbed more than 19,000 feet to the top of Mount Kilimanjaro. Bart once took his mom skydiving in Australia. This past October he spent 2 weeks hiking in Ethiopia. When Charley was born 21 months ago, his parents got him a passport, along with his birth certificate. At 7 months old, Charley got his passport stamped for the first time—for a trip to Colombia, South America. Bart Ellefritz pours his whole heart into whatever he does, whether he is riding a camel in the desert, spending time with Ashley and Charley, or lis-tening to people of my State and help-ing to solve problems. And he is almost always smiling. In closing, I want to thank Bart again for the great skill, caring, and tenacity he has always brought to his job as a member of my staff, and I want to wish him the best of luck as he be-gins his next professional adventure with CTA in Chicago. f 
TRIBUTE TO PAUL DETTMAN Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, after dec-ades of committed service to the im-portant cause of providing public hous-ing for those in need, Paul Dettman is retiring this month as executive direc-tor of the Burlington Housing Author-ity. Throughout Paul’s career, he has worked tirelessly in the field of public service. Public housing has not been a fashionable cause for many years, and our communities have certainly seen the effects of this sometimes forgotten priority. Paul Dettman was never de-terred by these attitudes, however, and has been dedicated to finding creative solutions to provide for our most vul-nerable friends and neighbors. Paul’s leadership has resulted in a se-ries of public-private partnerships and innovative initiatives have helped revi-talize communities across the Green Mountain State. Before joining the Burlington Housing Authority as its executive director in November 1995, Paul served for many years with the Vermont State Housing Authority. It was here that Paul created the State’s first lead hazard reduction program, which now stands as a model for pro-viding families of all incomes with safe housing. Since the beginning of Paul’s tenure at Burlington Housing Authority 20 years ago, Vermont’s oldest and largest municipally based housing authority, the organization has grown vastly in size and scope. The Burlington Housing Authority has taken on new develop-ment projects, improved homebuyer education, and negotiated critical agreements to prevent homelessness in recent years. Under Paul’s direction, the Burlington Housing Authority has upheld a strong mission to support all residents, including refugees, those in transition, or in need of long-term sup-portive services. Paul’s commitment also resulted in a critical partnership with another local organization, Women Helping Battered Women, to create Sophie’s Place. To-gether, these two organizations devised a plan to provide victims of domestic violence easier access to public housing subsidies so that they could move di-rectly from violent homes into safe transitional housing. This solution si-multaneously eased suffering, stream-lined services, and saved money. This program now functions as a key com-ponent of the local economic justice and housing plans and serves as a model for valuable partnerships in my home State. This program is only one of many that I could provide as ref-erence to Paul’s great work in Bur-lington and beyond. Like his many colleagues and friends, I know that the Burlington Housing Authority and the greater housing community will miss Paul’s expertise, spirit, and compassion. Marcelle and I extend our best wishes as Paul begins his retirement after a long and distin-guished career. I surely hope that Paul will take time to enjoy one of his greatest hobbies in the years ahead— sugarmaking among the sweet sugarbush. Paul Dettman’s standard of distinc-tion should be an inspiration to others, just as it has been to the city of Bur-lington and the State of Vermont. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I was unable to vote today on three amend-ments to the Energy and Water Devel-opment Appropriations bill, H.R. 2028. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on Senator M
ERKLEY ’s amendment No. 3812, to provide addi-tional funding for wind energy projects, and yes on Senator R
EID’s amendment No. 3805, to fund water conservation programs in the Colorado River Basin. Lastly, I would have voted no on Sen-ator F
LAKE ’s amendment No. 3820, as it decreases funding for Army Corps of Engineers construction projects, which include flood and storm damage reduc-tion, shore protection, and ecosystem restoration projects that are vital to numerous areas in Virginia.∑ 
f 
AMENDMENT NO. 3202 TO THE EN-ERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION BILL Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I am very pleased with the Senate’s show of support for the Isakson-Bennet amend-ment, which was a modified version of the Sensible Accounting to Value En-ergy Act. We have been working on this bill together for more than five years. The SAVE Act simply creates a vol-untary program to encourage people to include energy efficiency in the pur-chase price of a new or existing home. It allows sellers the option of providing a HUD-qualified energy efficiency re-port to prospective buyers who are ap-plying for a home mortgage. If that loan is backed by FHA, the energy effi-ciency of the home and the cost of a borrower’s future energy bills will be taken into account by the mortgage lender. Builders and manufacturers are con-stantly creating new energy efficient products and features, but the en-hanced value and energy savings achieved by these innovations are not fully realized by the market. The pas-sage of this amendment will for the first time provide a mechanism to ac-count for those saving and unlock de-mand for new energy efficient products 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.035 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2451 April 26, 2016 
and significantly reduce homeowner’s utility bills. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, would the Senator yield for a question? I would like to commend my col-leagues for their support for energy ef-ficiency programs that reduce residen-tial energy consumption. Expanding the use of these technologies in our ev-eryday lives is a commitment to our future and will create jobs in Ohio. However, I am also concerned that adjusting underwriting or appraisal re-quirements without sufficient protec-tions to ensure a family has the ability to repay their loan could have unin-tended consequences that put our hous-ing market at risk, which I know is not the intention of the sponsors. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I would like to associate myself with the com-ments made by the Senator from Ohio. I also support the need for greater en-ergy efficiency and applaud the spon-sors of this amendment for promoting greater energy efficiency. At the same time, I do have some concerns. Specifically, I am concerned about whether and how potential energy sav-ings can safely be incorporated as part of the mortgage underwriting process at the FHA, especially when there may not be a consensus on how to define and accurately quantify future energy savings. Another concern is the interaction of estimated energy savings in the under-writing and appraisal processes. This could happen because the SAVE Act re-quires expected energy cost savings to be used as an offset to certain regular expenses, such as property taxes, while also requiring the estimated energy savings of a home to be added to the home’s appraisal. While not the intent of the authors, I am concerned that this could tilt the mortgage market to-wards more expensive products without adequate safeguards to protect bor-rowers. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, we would ask the sponsors of this amendment to work with us to ensure that we can ac-complish our shared goals of encour-aging investment in energy efficient homes while also maintaining a safe and sound mortgage market for home-buyers. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, moving forward, we intend to work with the Senate Banking Committee and HUD to address any technical or substantive concerns that have arisen. Specifically, it is our intention to ensure that FHA has the ability to insure loans for en-ergy efficient homes while also includ-ing protections to maintain accurate evaluations of a borrower’s ability to repay. Additionally, as this amendment is being implemented, we understand that HUD’s ability to test and modify the savings that may be counted should be considered. In fact, we considered these concerns while drafting this legisla-tion. The methodology we included for measuring energy efficient savings is an ANSI certified standard and the most widely accepted technology in to-day’s marketplace. Over 1 million homes have already been energy rated using this technology. And this is the same underlying technology success-fully utilized by the EPA’s Energy Star program. Again, we are pleased that the Sen-ate passed our amendment, and we look forward to working with the Banking Committee and HUD on im-provements. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am deeply disappointed that my Repub-lican colleagues continue to play poli-tics with our judicial system. There are currently 79 judicial vacan-cies in this country—28 of which are ju-dicial emergency vacancies. In each of these districts across the country, Americans are waiting for their cases to be heard, but instead of justice, they are left hanging in the lurch. I have said it before, and I will say it again: Justice delayed is justice de-nied. Senate Republicans refuse to act to confirm Judge Merrick Garland—who has more Federal judicial experience than any other Supreme Court can-didate in history—to the Supreme Court, and they refuse to act on the 20 judicial nominees who were reported out of the Judiciary Committee by voice vote. It is outrageous that Senate Republicans stubbornly refuse to move these nominations forward, letting these accomplished and qualified nomi-nees languish. One of those judges is Mark Young, an excellent nominee for the Central District Court of California, which is ranked 11th in the Nation in weighted case filings per judgeship. We need to fill this seat as soon as possible, and Judge Young is an ex-traordinary candidate. I was honored to introduce him at his nomination hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee last October and go over his impeccable resume. He has served as a Los Angeles Coun-ty Superior Court judge since 2008 and has 10 years of experience as a pros-ecutor in the U.S. attorney’s office in Los Angeles. He holds degrees from the University of California, Los Angeles, and the Uni-versity of Southern California Gould School of Law; and he has won numer-ous awards from organizations includ-ing the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, Drug Enforcement Administra-tion, and the Attorney General’s Dis-tinguished Service Award—one of the Department of Justice’s highest hon-ors. The people of the Central District of California need his leadership, and the overworked judges of the Central Dis-trict need his help. We also have two additional can-didates from California who are await-ing Judiciary Committee hearings. Judge Paul L. Abrams was nomi-nated by President Obama in December 2015 to serve as the U.S. District Court Judge for the Central District. Judge Abrams is currently a U.S. magistrate judge for the Central District, a post he has held since 2002. He began his career in private prac-tice and then worked as a legal aid law-yer before serving in the Federal public defender’s office, eventually becoming a supervising deputy Federal public de-fender. He holds degrees from the Uni-versity of California, Berkeley, and Boalt Hall School of Law. Judge Lucy Koh, currently serving in the Northern District, was nominated by President Obama for the Ninth Cir-cuit Court in February of this year. The daughter of Korean immigrants and a Harvard graduate, Judge Koh began her legal career as a Women’s Law and Public Policy Fellow for the Senate Judiciary Committee. At the U.S. Department of Justice, she served as a special assistant to the Deputy Attorney General before spend-ing 3 years as a Federal prosecutor in Los Angeles, where she was awarded the Federal Bureau of Investigation Di-rector Louis J. Freeh Award for Dem-onstrated Excellence in Prosecuting a Major Criminal Case. She then spent 9 years in private practice. She served on the Superior Court for Santa Clara County until 2010, when she was ap-pointed to the Northern District, be-coming the first Korean American woman to serve as a Federal district court judge. Each of these excellent candidates has flawless credentials, broad support, and they are ready to serve. So what are we waiting for? The American peo-ple cannot wait for justice—and they shouldn’t have to. Let’s move forward with giving each of these excellent judicial candidates the consideration and vote that they deserve. 
f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RE-LEASE OF THE CHURCH COM-MITTEE REPORT Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I wish to commemorate the 40th anni-versary of the release of the report by the Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities, better known as the Church Committee. On this day in 1976, the first of five books detailing egregious abuses of power by the intelligence community was released by the Church Committee. The report was the first ever com-prehensive oversight study of the intel-ligence community, which had oper-ated largely without any oversight since its founding during World War II. Prior to this study, the Intelligence Committees did not exist in either the Senate or the House, and there was no formal apparatus to check the actions of the Nation’s intelligence commu-nity. The Church Committee truly was the first of its kind. It grew out of extraor-dinary circumstances during a period 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.047 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2452 April 26, 2016 
of national soul-searching in the shad-ow of the Vietnam war and Watergate scandal. In the early 1970s, a series of abuses were revealed in the press, in-cluding an expose alleging that the CIA had been spying on antiwar activists around the country. The American people were under-standably outraged, and in response, the Senate convened a committee to conduct a comprehensive review of all intelligence activities. The committee—under the chairman-ship of Idaho Senator Frank Church, with Texas Senator John Tower as vice chairman—was comprised of 11 Sen-ators and 133 dedicated staff members. Over the next 15 months, the staff poured over millions of CIA and FBI records to produce a 2,500-page report broken into 6 unique books, each cov-ering a different topic including for-eign assassinations, domestic spying, and an investigation into the killing of President Kennedy. What they discovered was shocking, including vast abuses both domestic and abroad that showed the intel-ligence community operated outside the framework of the Constitution and undermined the Bill of Rights. The committee found that, in the decades leading up to and including the 1970s, the CIA and FBI had been con-ducting a massive, illegal domestic spying operation, which included the following: The CIA opened and photo-graphed over one-quarter million pieces of domestic mail, the FBI main-tained extensive files on over half a million American citizens, and the NSA wiretapped all international calls from the United States and docu-mented the callers. In addition to mass data collection, the agencies conducted targeted oper-ations as well. Civil rights leader Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., was the subject of an aggressive surveillance program overseen by FBI Director J. Edgar Hoo-ver. Hoover sought to compile a de-tailed record of King’s personal life in order to blackmail and delegitimize him as a public figure. King’s phone was tapped without a warrant, for ex-ample. The NAACP, Black Panthers, and antiwar groups were also all spied upon. In fact, President Eisenhower on several occasions received advanced copies of NAACP speeches from inform-ants. The abuses didn’t stop at our border. The Church Committee uncovered evi-dence that the CIA had plotted or en-gaged in assisting in the assassination plots of the leaders of Cuba, the Congo, the Dominican Republic, Chile, and South Vietnam. In the Congo, the CIA reached the final stages of a plot to assassinate Patrice Lumumba and had even deliv-ered poison to its agents. However, be-fore the plan was carried out, Lumumba was executed following a coup. Most infamously, the United States conspired in numerous plots against Fidel Castro, though none were ever carried out. The public airing of these—and other—allegations shook our country and our partners abroad and prompted swift action by Congress and the execu-tive branch. On February 18, 1976, President Ford issued Executive Order No. 11905, ban-ning all assassinations. The order has stood ever since. Within months of the release of the Church Committee report, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence was formed by a vote of 72 to 22. The com-mittee was established to conduct con-stant and vigorous oversight over the intelligence community. In addition, in 1978, Congress passed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act which established the FISA Court to oversee requests for intelligence warrants within the United States. The Church Committee study re-vealed to the world the danger of al-lowing intelligence agencies to operate in the shadows and with unchecked power. Our duty to conduct oversight is one I take very seriously. As the chairman of the Intelligence Committee from 2009 to 2015 and as vice chairman since 2015, I have undertaken this responsi-bility with the awareness that, without the efforts of the Church Committee, congressional oversight of the intel-ligence community would never have been possible. We must also remember that the Church Committee and its re-ports had their vocal and adamant op-ponents. Oversight is, at times, re-sisted, a fact we discovered firsthand in completing and declassifying as the Committee’s Study of the CIA’s Deten-tion and Interrogation Program. The legacy of the Church Committee report lives on in the study the Intel-ligence Committee released in 2014. The study reviewed over 6.3 million cables, emails, memoranda, and tran-scripts. It is a documentary history of the CIA’s words and actions in the years during which the CIA conceived of, carried out, and made representa-tions about its Detention and Interro-gation Program. The public is familiar with the report’s 500-page executive summary and findings and conclusions that were declassified and released. The full study is over 6,700 pages long and includes 38,000 footnotes. To this day, critics of the study have not dem-onstrated a single factual inaccuracy. Among many revelations, the study showed that, contrary to the CIA’s claims, the use of torture was brutal and did not result in otherwise unavail-able intelligence that ‘‘saved lives.’’ It also demonstrated that the CIA pro-vided inaccurate information about the program to the White House, the De-partment of Justice, to Congress, and the public. Much like the Church Committee re-port before it, the study demonstrated the important role oversight plays in securing our country’s commitment to the rule of law. The importance of the work the Church Committee did back in 1975 and 1976 cannot be understated. Our gov-ernment operates on the basis of trust from the American people. The oath each of us take in public service is to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. The actions of the intelligence com-munity leading up to the Church Com-mittee violated that trust and must never be repeated. Senator Church and his committee, in shedding light on these dark times, helped right the ship of American de-mocracy and set an important example for all future Members of this body of how to conduct vigilant and thorough oversight. 
f 
101ST ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 101st anniversary of the Armenian genocide. Between 1915 and 1923, the Ottoman Empire executed a deliberate massacre of more than 1.5 million Armenians. Over the course of 8 years, Armenians were marched to their deaths in the deserts of the Middle East, murdered in concentration camps, drowned at sea, and forced to endure unimaginable acts of brutality. These barbaric acts were systematic, methodical, and inten-tional. More than 100 years have passed since the start of that horrific mas-sacre, which an overwhelming number of academics and institutions have rec-ognized as genocide, and there are countless testimonies from victims who lived to tell of their harrowing ex-periences. Pope Francis called the massacre against the Armenians ‘‘the first geno-cide of the 20th century,’’ declaring that ‘‘concealing or denying evil is like allowing a wound to keep bleeding without bandaging it.’’ However, despite an irrefutable body of evidence, the U.S. Government has refused to call the deliberate massacre of the Armenians by its rightful name: genocide. For years, I have urged both Demo-cratic and Republican administrations to acknowledge the truth of the Arme-nian genocide. Today I reiterate my call, and I hope that, this year, the United States will finally correct this century-old injustice. By affirming the Armenian genocide, the United States would join more than 20 countries across the globe—in-cluding Russia, France, and Germany— as well as the Vatican and 43 U.S. States standing on the right side of history. Recognizing the Armenian genocide is much more than a symbolic gesture. It will provide solace and relief to the descendants of the victims, particu-larly the hundreds of thousands of Ar-menian American citizens and resi-dents. It will support a more equitable reconciliation between the Turkish and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.043 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2453 April 26, 2016 
Armenian people. And most impor-tantly, it will reaffirm U.S. leadership in preventing and responding to similar atrocities and in advancing the rights of vulnerable populations around the world. This year, as we take time to remem-ber and honor the victims of the Arme-nian genocide, I hope the United States will finally stand on the right side of history and affirm the incontestable fact of the Armenian genocide. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REAR ADMIRAL STEPHEN P. METRUCK Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I wish to honor U.S. Coast Guard RADM Stephen P. Metruck and highlight his service to country and his contribution to the State of Delaware. Rear Admiral Metruck retired on April 22 from com-manding the Fifth Coast Guard Dis-trict after 34 years in the U.S. Coast Guard. The fifth district includes North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, New Jersey, Delaware, Washington, DC, and much of Pennsylvania. Rear Admiral Metruck led 67 units made up of 2,475 Active Duty members, 1,010 Re-servists, 6,800 auxiliary members, and 120 civilians. One of Rear Admiral Metruck’s most notable accomplishments occurred dur-ing his tenure at both Sector San Diego and Sector Seattle. In these dual roles, Rear Admiral Metruck was re-sponsible for advancing Coast Guard operations in a post-9/11 environment. He forged interagency partnerships to enhance safety and security measures in each port and coordinated the sen-sors and systems into a common oper-ational picture to allow all agencies to coordinate and understand potential threats in the maritime environment. Rear Admiral Metruck and I got to know each other well during harsh, back-to-back winters that damaged navigation aids along the Delaware River, which assisted ships traveling to and from Wilmington, DE. From this experience, I learned that it is not easy budgeting for ice flows. Being an expert at budgeting and solving problems, he and his team forged solutions that re-placed damaged buoys and aids to navi-gation without a huge burden on tax-payers. The result was ships could again travel safely to ports in Pennsyl-vania, New Jersey, and Delaware. Rear Admiral Metruck is a very hum-ble man, and he will be the first to un-derstate his contribution to the U.S. Coast Guard and leadership of the men and women under his command. Never-theless, I have found him to be an ex-tremely devoted public servant and skilled at working with other agencies, solving problems, and being responsive to inquiries from Senators. Rear Admiral Metruck also spent 2
1⁄2 years serving this great institution as a fellow with then-Senator John Kerry. He worked on policy issues related to the Commerce Subcommittee on Oceans and Fisheries and also sup-ported Senator Kerry’s staff on envi-ronmental, maritime, and Coast Guard issues and legislation. Prior to arriving at the Fifth Coast Guard District, he was the assistant commandant for resources and chief fi-nancial officer for the U.S. Coast Guard. During this assignment, he was responsible for all Coast Guard finan-cial management and resource activi-ties including planning, programming, budgeting, and execution of the serv-ice’s $10 billion annual appropriation. While he has been a friend of com-merce and the environment on the Delaware River, his career has resulted in him living in and serving a number of other States. He has served in Coast Guard Headquarters; Portsmouth, VA; Brownsville, TX; Tampa, FL; Buffalo, NY; San Diego, CA; and Puget Sound, WA. Rear Admiral Metruck also helped oversee Coast Guard missions across waterways encompassing the states of California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, and the offshore waters of Mexico and Cen-tral America. Additionally, he served as U.S. Coast Guard Liaison to the U.S. Mission to the United Nations in New York City. Rear Admiral Metruck is from Massena, NY, and graduated in 1982 from the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, where he earned a bachelor of science degree in ocean engineering. He was awarded a master’s degree in public ad-ministration from Harvard Univer-sity’s John F. Kennedy School of Gov-ernment. He has also served as a mili-tary fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Wash-ington, DC, and the Coast Guard fellow on the Chief of Naval Operation’s Stra-tegic Studies Group based in Newport, RI. There are many of us in this Cham-ber who have worked with him and his staff on important issues over the years. Today I express our collective gratitude to him for devoting his ca-reer to keeping us safe. I speak for many in the Senate, in Delaware, and around our Nation in wishing Rear Ad-miral Metruck and his wife Peggy Duxbury a great next chapter in their lives. f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL MICHAEL FRANCIS Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a man who has served faithfully for 27 years in the U.S. Air Force, with the vast majority of that service in the Missouri Air National Guard. It is a big loss, but Col. Michael Francis is scheduled to depart the 131st Bomb Wing at Whiteman Air Force Base on May 15, 2016, after a long and distinguished record of service in the unit beginning July 28, 1998. I think it is important to note that Colonel Francis has been associated with a unit whose history has spanned over nine decades and whose former members have included the likes of aviation pioneer Charles Lindbergh. Colonel Francis commissioned in the U.S. Air Force in 1989 as a graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy and, after almost a decade, transitioned from Ac-tive Duty to the Air National Guard, continuing his dream of a career as a fighter pilot in the F–15 Eagle. Throughout Colonel Francis’s service at the 131st, he has seen the unit tran-sition from the F–15, the Nation’s pre-mier homeland defense and air superi-ority aircraft, to the B–2, the Nation’s lethal stealth bomber involved in glob-al missions. Since being chosen to com-mand the first B–2 Operations Group in the Air National Guard when the 131st transitioned from the F–15 Eagle to the B–2 Spirit, Colonel Francis has been a standout leader in the nuclear commu-nity. His achievements boast nothing less than perfection. As the present wing commander, Colonel Francis paved a new path for the National Guard by leading his unit to be the first bomb wing certified for full-spec-trum nuclear operations and was en-trusted with strategic nuclear deter-rent operations for our country. Throughout his long career at the 131st, Colonel Francis remained dedi-cated to the vital missions of the Air National Guard. However, he also never forgot his commitment to his wife, Jane, and sons, Greg and Brian. While Colonel Francis might be leav-ing the 131st Bomb Wing, he will con-tinue his selflessness in service to this great country. Colonel Francis will be reassigned to the Missouri National Guard Headquarters and promoted to brigadier general. Again, I wish to extend Col. Michael J. Francis my sincere congratulations upon his new assignment and thanks for the years of service he has rendered to the 131st Bomb Wing, the State of Missouri, and the Nation. f 
ALASKA MISSION 6 HONOR FLIGHT Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize six veterans from Alaska who are in Washington this week as part of the Alaska Mission 6 Honor Flight. These veterans are here to witness and experience our Nation’s most hallowed memorials—built to honor their service and sacrifice and that of their brothers and sisters in arms. On behalf of Alaska’s congressional delegation, our State, and our country, I welcome these heroes to Washington and extend to them my sincere grati-tude for their service. Participating in the Alaska Mission 6 Honor Flight are John J. Boulette and William K. Zimmer, U.S. Navy vet-erans of the Korean war; Alexander Crockett Blanchard and Alfred Dawkins, U.S. Army veterans of the Vietnam war; Neal Henry Dallman, a U.S. Navy veteran of the Vietnam war; and Arnold Patrick McDonald, a U.S. Marine Corps veteran of the Vietnam war. Without the sacrifices of these six men and so many others, defending peace and liberty in some of the most dangerous corners of the world during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.036 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2454 April 26, 2016 
harrowing and dark times, we would not be able to enjoy the prosperity and freedom that are hallmarks of our great Nation to this day. Since 2005, more than 170,000 veterans have participated in Honor Flights to Washington. Giving veterans the op-portunity to make this trip is a small endeavor in comparison to the gravity of the challenges they faced, but it is an important gesture to let them know that their fellow Americans have not forgotten the hardships they endured on our behalf, nor the many men and women in uniform who made the ulti-mate sacrifice for our freedom. Honor Flights are made possible principally thanks to the generous donations of patriotic Americans who want to give veterans the honor they deserve. On behalf of all Alaskans, I wish to extend my sincerest thanks to the Alaska Mission 6 veterans, for the self-less dedication they have shown to our country, the often unheralded sac-rifices of their families, and the endur-ing example they have given to future generations. May God bless these vet-erans, the great State of Alaska, and the United States of America. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CRAIG BOBZIEN Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the outstanding serv-ice of Black Hills National Forest su-pervisor, Craig Bobzien, as he retires from the U.S. Forest Service. Craig was placed in charge of managing the Black Hills National Forest in May 2005, and for more than 10 years, the Black Hills National Forest has been under Craig’s direct supervision. Craig began his path to South Da-kota as a 1973 graduate of Raytown South High School in Raytown, MO. After high school, he pursued his bach-elor’s degree in forest science at Colo-rado State University and then went on to a serve in many roles in conserva-tion and forestry. Previous to his ap-pointment at the Black Hills National Forest, he served in other capacities for the U.S. Forest Service in Idaho, Montana, Washington State, and at the U.S. Forest Service headquarters in Washington, DC. Since being appointed to oversee the Black Hills National Forest, Craig has been its longest serving supervisor. Over his tenure of almost 11 years, Craig has done an exceptional job as a steward of the Black Hills National Forest’s 1.2 million acres in South Da-kota and Wyoming. He managed those 1.2 million acres of forestland during some of the toughest fire seasons in re-cent memory. Craig’s leadership during the Rocky Mountain Region’s devastating pine beetle epidemic has been instrumental as he coordinated with other Federal, State, and private stakeholders to combat one of the largest epidemics of this pest since the 1900s. Craig initiated the first large-landscape management area in the Black Hills National Forest for mountain pine beetle treatment, which has set an example of topline management others are now following. Over the years, I have appreciated the cooperation of Craig and his team of over 300 employees in our efforts to assess and address the many threats to the health of the Black Hills. Craig, thank you for your service to South Dakota and our Nation. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO HUGH M CDONALD ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Hugh McDonald, president of Entergy Arkansas, as he prepares to retire. Hugh McDonald is a resident of Lit-tle Rock and has been with Entergy since 1982. He holds a bachelor’s of science degree in construction manage-ment from North Dakota State Univer-sity and a master of business adminis-tration degree from the University of New Orleans. Hugh began his career at Entergy over 30 years ago in Louisiana, where he rose through the ranks before being promoted to director of regulatory af-fairs for Entergy Texas and then senior vice president of energy retail oper-ations. He came to Arkansas 16 years ago to accept his current position. Entergy Arkansas provides elec-tricity to approximately 700,000 cus-tomers in 63 counties and is a sub-sidiary of Entergy Corporation. As the head of Arkansas’ largest utility, McDonald demonstrated excellent lead-ership during his 16-year tenure. He led its decision to withdraw from the sys-tem agreement that forced Arkansas ratepayers to partially bear the cost of producing electricity in other Entergy States. He also spearheaded the movement to join the Midcontinent Independent System Operator, which allowed great-er access to economic generation re-sources and saved Arkansas customers $46 million in the first year of partici-pation. Hugh is a past board member and board chair of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. He also serves on the boards of the Arkansas State Chamber of Commerce, the Arkansas Research Alliance Board, the Little Rock Re-gional Chamber of Commerce, and Fifty for the Future. In addition, Hugh serves on the boards of the University of Arkansas Sam Walton College of Business Advisory Board, the UALR College of Business Advisory Council, the UAMS BioVentures Advisory Board, and the Nature Conservancy of Arkansas. Let me reiterate how grateful I am for Hugh McDonald’s management and vision during his time at the helm of Entergy Arkansas. His guidance and stewardship of the company has re-sulted in vital, reliable electricity for thousands of Arkansans across the State. I thank Hugh for his distin-guished career and wish him well in re-tirement.∑ TRIBUTE TO MARY LORRAINE WOOD BORMAN ∑Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I would like to honor Mary Lorraine Wood Borman of Fayetteville, AR, as this week’s Arkansan of the Week for her commitment to the National Down Syndrome Society as a self-advocate ambassador for the great State of Ar-kansas. Her advocacy to improve the quality of life for those living with down syndrome is noteworthy, and she is a joy and inspiration to many across the state. Outside of her work as an activist, Mary is an involved and multitalented junior at Fayetteville High School in Fayetteville, AR. Not only does she excel academically—as indicated by her track record as an honor roll stu-dent—but she is also a gifted athlete and has won awards in swimming events at the Arkansas State Special Olympic Games for 3 years. Mary is also a talented dancer and actress, spe-cializing in hip-hop, jazz, and the waltz. I recently had the pleasure of meet-ing Mary when she visited my Wash-ington, DC, office while in town for the Buddy Walk hosted each year by the National Down Syndrome Society. Be-cause of Mary’s advocacy and compel-ling reasoning, I cosponsored the ABLE to Work Act of 2016 shortly after our meeting. This bill will help persons with disabilities save additional amounts in their ABLE accounts. Mary has big dreams, and I am con-fident she will achieve them. I look for-ward to keeping track of her many ac-complishments. Arkansas is lucky to have someone like Mary Borman fighting to make our State a better place, and I applaud her for her work. Her story is a testi-mony of the spirit of Arkansans, and I am certain it will inspire others to take action on causes that they believe in.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUFFALO NATIONAL RIVER ∑Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, in honor of the National Park Service’s 100th birthday year, I want to recognize the Buffalo National River, America’s first national river. The Buffalo, nestled in within the picturesque Ozark Moun-tains, runs across four Arkansas coun-ties and remains one of the few undammed rivers in the entire United States. It spans 135 miles and boasts many outdoor trails along which visi-tors experience beautiful bluffs, adven-turous rapids, and have the oppor-tunity to take part in a whole host of outdoor recreational activities. Un-doubtedly, visitors to the Buffalo Na-tional River leave with an under-standing of why Arkansas is proudly billed as ‘‘the Natural State.’’ This year the Buffalo National River has planned several celebratory events to commemorate the National Park Service’s 100th birthday. These include 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.041 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2455 April 26, 2016 
the Centennial Iron Ranger Challenge 2016, which is taking place in all Ar-kansas national parks this year. The challenge seeks to encourage good health and fitness by asking people to take up a physical activity of their choice and complete 100 miles of that activity in any of Arkansas’ National Parks. If you need a place to begin your centennial year challenge, I high-ly recommend the Buffalo National River. In the spirit of the National Park Service’s centennial motto, ‘‘Find Your Park,’’ I encourage everyone to find the Buffalo National River and enjoy the outdoor adventures and relaxation that awaits in the Natural State. ∑ 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF ASSOCI-ATED LOGGING CONTRACTORS, INC., OF IDAHO ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 50th Anniversary of the Associated Logging Contractors of Idaho. The Associated Logging Contractors, Inc., of Idaho, ALC, have an important voice in advocating for policies that support an essential sector of Idaho— the logging and wood-hauling industry. Throughout the past 50 years since its organization, the association has worked to serve its purpose of ‘‘devel-oping programs that are instrumental in helping members to reduce costs of operation and to craft creative solu-tions to problems confronting the in-dustry.’’ ALC represents nearly 400 independent logging contractor busi-nesses from across Idaho. From Endangered Species Act re-form, to boosting rural economies, to addressing forest health and much more, the ALC has been involved in a wide range of discussions central to Idaho. I value the organization’s and its members’ input and involvement in shaping solutions to our natural re-sources challenges. We have much work ahead, but progress is being made on public lands issues to the benefit of Idahoans and our economy. Positive developments in job opportunities and more timber identified for harvest for the betterment of forest health are the result of the State and Federal Govern-ment working more closely with pri-vate landowners and the logging com-munity to make progress toward the removal of salvage timber from last year’s fires. While challenging, collaboration is working, and ALC members have been instrumental in advancing this effort. The organization has much to be proud of for its efforts in bringing folks to-gether to achieve solutions and work-ing toward their implementation. Col-laboration is difficult but indispensable work, as it brings lasting advance-ments for habitats, recreation, rural economies, and job production. I have greatly valued ALC member’s support of local collaborative efforts. Congratulations to the members of the Associated Logging Contractors of Idaho on 50 years of accomplishments. Thank you for your hard work building up our great State and Nation. I wish you all the best for continued success. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the Committee on Armed Services. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5223. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Burma that was declared in Executive Order 13047 of May 20, 1997; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5224. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5225. A communication from the Regu-lations Specialist, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Subsistence Management Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska; Rural Determina-tion Process’’ (RIN1018–BA62) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5226. A communication from the Regu-lations Specialist, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Subsistence Management Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska; Rural Determina-tions, Nonrural List’’ (RIN1018–BA82) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5227. A communication from the Regu-lations Specialist, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Subsistence Management Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska; Rural Determina-tions, Nonrural List’’ (RIN1018–BA82) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5228. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country regarding any possible affects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over mili-tary threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0544); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5229. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country regarding any possible affects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over mili-tary threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0559); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5230. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country regarding any possible affects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over mili-tary threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0543); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5231. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country regarding any possible affects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over mili-tary threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0538); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5232. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–131); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5233. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–145); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–5234. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–001); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5235. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–131); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5236. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–143); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5237. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0055 - 2016–0063); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5238. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress Federal Traumatic Brain Injury Program, Fiscal Years 2014–2015’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5239. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Financial Report for fis-cal year 2015 for the Prescription Drug User 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.038 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2456 April 26, 2016 
Fee Act (PDUFA); to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5240. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Financial Report for fis-cal year 2015 for the Generic Drug User Fee Amendments; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5241. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Performance Report for fiscal year 2015 for the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA); to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5242. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Per-sonal and Home Care Aide State Training (PHCAST) Demonstration Program Evalua-tion; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5243. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 Performance Report to Con-gress for the Medical Device User Fee Amendments’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5244. A communication from the Chair-man, Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2015 annual report rel-ative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5245. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department of De-fense’s Evaluation of the TRICARE Program for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5246. A communication from the Chair-man of the Nuclear Weapons Council, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the President’s budget requests for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5247. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commercial Fishing Vessels Dispensing Pe-troleum Products’’ ((RIN1625–AC18) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0195)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5248. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tonnage Regulations Amendments’’ ((RIN1625–AB74) (Docket No. USCG–2011– 0522)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation . EC–5249. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0246)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5250. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; Columbia River, Kalama, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA11) (Dock-et No. USCG–2016–0237)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5251. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Wy-Hi Rowing Re-gatta; Detroit River, Trenton Channel; Wy-andotte, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0209)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5252. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Charleston Race Week, Charleston Harbor, Charleston, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 1055)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5253. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Chesapeake Bay, be-tween Sandy Point and Kent Island, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 1126)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5254. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Hebda Cup Rowing Regatta; Detroit River; Trenton Channel; Wyandotte, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0208)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5255. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Daytona Beach Grand Prix of the Seas; Atlantic Ocean, Daytona Beach, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1108)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5256. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Re-curring Marine Events and Fireworks Dis-plays within the Fifth Coast Guard District’’ ((RIN1625–AA00 and RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0854)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5257. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Urbanna Creek, Urbanna, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0174)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5258. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Sunken Vessel, North Chan-nel, Boston, MA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0127)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5259. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Intracoastal Waterway; Lake Charles, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1086)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5260. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Newtown Creek, Queens, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0100)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5261. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River 321.4 to 321.6; Quincy, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2016–0155)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5262. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Santa Cruz Harbor Shoaling, Santa Cruz County, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0194)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5263. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Hudson River, Tarrytown, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0226)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5264. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Little Calumet River, Chi-cago, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0148)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5265. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River Mile 95.7 to 96.7; New Orleans, LA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0189)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.010 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2457 April 26, 2016 
EC–5266. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Chincoteague Bay, Chincoteague, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 0483)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5267. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Victoria Barge Canal, Bloomington, TX’’ ((RIN1625– AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0952)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5268. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Saginaw River, Bay City, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Dock-et No. USCG–2015–0934)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5269. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Regulations; Connecticut River, Old Saybrook, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA01) (Docket No. USCG–2012–0806)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5270. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Regulations; Port of New York’’ ((RIN1625–AA01) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0038)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–159. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Tennessee urging the United States Congress to mandate, and provide an adequate budget for, the Depart-ment of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to establish rules for manufac-turing, siting, and licensing of small mod-ular reactors and liquid core molten salt re-actors to be built and operated in the United States by private industry for the production of energy and medical isotopes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. H
OUSE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 507 Whereas, Tennessee has many finite nat-ural energy resources; and Whereas, world energy demand and usage are expected to increase; and Whereas, is vital to the country’s energy future to provide abundant base-load power and peaking energy-on-demand power affordably; and Whereas, extending Tennessee’s current energy boom will require the creation of a long-term energy plan and the development of clean and affordable energy technologies such as liquid core molten salt reactors and small modular reactors; and Whereas, the United States of America possesses a nearly inexhaustible supply of thorium and uranium (more than a billion years’ supply of energy) that dramatically exceeds all known potential energy reserves; and Whereas, the elements thorium and ura-nium have the practical potential to provide unlimited energy resources for Tennesseans and Americans on demand in the near future and to provide many other tangible benefits; and Whereas, better utilization of thorium and uranium in specially designed reactors such as molten salt reactors, including liquid flu-oride thorium reactors, can provide energy security from other nations by utilizing Ten-nessee coal and a reactor’s nuclear heat en-ergy to produce an abundance of synthetic liquid transportation fuels. These synthetic fuels can be produced for many future gen-erations of Tennesseans in a safe, affordable, and most environmentally friendly manner; and Whereas, the efficient use of thorium or uranium in a specially designed molten salt reactor allows for greatly increased environ-mentally friendly energy production that improves the economics of many recycling technologies and raises the standard of liv-ing; and Whereas, it is incumbent upon this body to be forward-thinking in addressing the future energy challenges for the next generation of Tennesseans; and Whereas, Tennessee is uniquely capable to commercialize small modular reactors, liq-uid core molten salt reactors, and integral fast reactors with its research and develop-ment assets of the Oak Ridge National Lab-oratory, where such technology was first de-veloped, and other private companies and nonprofit organizations that specialize in nu-clear technology development in Tennessee; and Whereas, the academic, scientific, manu-facturing, and business communities in Ten-nessee have some of the best talent and re-search and development records in the world. Development of this groundbreaking and economic game-changing technology would serve Tennessee’s and America’s economics better than current federal efforts to develop this technology in partnership with China; and Whereas, advanced technology using tho-rium and uranium can affordably provide medical isotopes of materials for medical uses such as treating cancer and HIV/AIDS, diagnostic procedures, and improved health care; and Whereas, S.99, the ‘‘American Medical Iso-topes Production Act of 2011,’’ was signed into law by President Barack Obama on Jan-uary 2, 2013, and mandates a reliable domes-tic supply of molybdenum-99 for medical im-aging and diagnostics; and Whereas, molybdenum-99 is used in more than sixteen million medical procedures an-nually in the United States; and Whereas, no domestic supply of molyb-denum-99 currently exists, and present sup-pliers use old reactors that result in frequent supply disruptions; and Whereas, the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, charged with licensing nuclear reac-tors, is not well-funded for establishing pro-cedures for new, advanced reactor designs based on different architectures from today’s fleet of light water reactors; and Whereas, small modular reactors and liq-uid core molten salt reactors represent a business opportunity that Tennessee’s manu-facturing base is well-suited to exploit. This could potentially result in creating forty thousand manufacturing jobs in total within Tennessee, because these jobs have the abil-ity to complement Tennessee’s coal indus-try, oil industry, and natural gas hydraulic fracturing industry by increasing jobs in those industries: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Ninth General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, the Senate Concurring , That the General Assembly supports the cre-ation of a long-term energy plan that ad-dresses the long-term energy needs of the state; and be it further Resolved, That the General Assembly en-courages and supports the research and de-velopment of liquid-core-molten-salt-reactor and small-modular-reactor technologies as a long-term solution to Tennessee’s energy needs; and be it further Resolved, That the General Assembly urges the Congress of the United States to man-date, and provide an adequate budget for, the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission to establish rules for manufacturing, siting, and licensing of small modular reactors and liquid core molten salt reactors to be built and operated in the United States by private industry for the production of energy and medical isotopes; and be it further Resolved, That the General Assembly sup-ports investing in, acquiring grants for, im-plementing programs for, encouraging Ten-nessee institutions of higher learning to con-duct research into, and attracting companies for the development of future technologies that will provide greater energy resources more affordably, abundantly, and in a more environmentally friendly manner than is being done at present; and be it further Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives transmit certified copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, the Secretary of the United States Department of Energy, the Commis-sioners of the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, the Presi-dent Pro Tempore and Secretary of the United States Senate, and each member of the Tennessee Congressional delegation. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2680. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide comprehensive men-tal health reform, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Col. Mark A. Baird, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Thomas F. Spen-cer, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. Greg-ory S. Champagne, to be Major General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Marshall B. Webb, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Col. Daniel J. Swain, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. James J. Keefe, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Andrea D. Tullos, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Bradley C. Saltzman, to be Brigadier General. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.012 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2458 April 26, 2016 
Air Force nomination of Col. Andrew E. Salas, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Craig D. Wills, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Tamhra L. Hutchins-Frye, to be Brigadier General. *Army nomination of Gen. Curtis M. Scaparrotti, to be General. Army nomination of Col. William J. Prendergast IV, to be Brigadier General. Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. William P. Barriage and ending with Col. Stephen E. Strand, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 14, 2016. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Paul J. Verrastro, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Tim-othy J. White, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nominations beginning with Rear Adm. (lh) Kyle J. Cozad and ending with Rear Adm. (lh) Timothy G. Szymanski, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 15, 2016. *Army nomination of Gen. Vincent K. Brooks, to be General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Bradley A. Heithold, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Leon S. Rice, to be Lieutenant General. *Air Force nomination of Gen. Lori J. Rob-inson, to be General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Stephen M. Twitty, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. John G. Rossi, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Robert B. Brown, to be General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Kenneth D. Jones, to be Major General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Arlan M. DeBlieck, to be Major General. Army nomination of Col. Rodney L. Faulk, to be Brigadier General. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Martin T. Mitch-ell, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Laura S. Barchick and ending with Kevin J. Wilkinson, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 17, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Michelle D. Aastrom and ending with Cyn-thia J. Weidman, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 17, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Laird S. Abbott and ending with Christopher J. Zuhlke, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 17, 2016. Air Force nomination of Albert E. White, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Jonathan M. Letsinger, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Lloyd Travis A. Arnold and ending with Konstantina Zuber, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 14, 2016. Air Force nomination of Kristie L. Partin, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Aimee D. Safford, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Tracey A. Gosser, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Air Force nomination of Todd R. Howell, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Larss G. Celtnieks and ending with Paulette V. Bur-ton, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 14, 2016. Army nomination of Eric Danko, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Steven N. Carozza and ending with Noah C. Cloud, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 14, 2016. Army nomination of Ramit Ring, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Geoffrey E. Anderson, to be Major. Army nomination of Bruce H. Robinson, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Mat-thew B. Booth and ending with Donald W. Moyer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 17, 2016. Army nomination of Robert L. Cronyn, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Darrell W. Collins, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Devon D. Nudelman, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Calvin C. Thomas, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Stephen G. Cruys and ending with Gregory J. Long, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 5, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Edward S. Barnett and ending with Lynn J. Wilson, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 5, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Tim-othy G. Bonner and ending with James S. Welch, Jr., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 5, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Krystal D. Bean and ending with Justin R. Schlanser, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 5, 2016. Army nominations beginning with George A. Barbee and ending with D013078, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 5, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Gabrielle M. Andreanifabroni and ending with Young J. Yauger, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 5, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Terryl L. Aitken and ending with D010908, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 5, 2016. Army nomination of Travis H. Owen, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Joshua T. Ade and ending with D012875, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on April 7, 2016. Army nomination of Timothy R. Teague, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Eric E. Halstrom, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Brian D. Bobo and ending with Anthony D. Fournier, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 7, 2016. Army nomination of Dennis N. Snelling, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Kodjo S. Knoxlimbacker, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Lori R. Schanhals, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Drew R. Conover, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Bradley D. Osterman, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Francisco J. Lopez, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Tim-othy D. Aiken and ending with James R. Weakley, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 14, 2016. Army nomination of George A. Rollins, to be Colonel. Army nomination of McArthur Walker, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Tim-othy D. Covington and ending with Eric A. Kennedy, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 14, 2016. Army nomination of Nilson Orozcooviedo, to be Major. Army nomination of Pierre E. Saintfleur, to be Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of John A. Yukica, to be Major. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Matrix W. Elias and ending with Nicholas J. Tazza, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Navy nomination of Brian D. Hennessy, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Donald C. King, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Stephanie M. Simoni, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Jennifer L. Shafer, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Justin K. Conroy and ending with Rebecca L. Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 17, 2016. Navy nomination of Brice A. Goodwin, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Brian J. Hamer, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Scott F. Gruwell, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Shannon D. Lorimer, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Danielle M. Barnes and ending with Mark R. Thomas, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 5, 2016. Navy nomination of William A. Hlavin, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Phillip G. Cyr, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Donald E. Speights, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Luis A. Bencomo, to be Commander. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.015 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2459 April 26, 2016 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 2850. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 2851. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual cost-of- living adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for sur-vivors of certain service-connected disabled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE): S. 2852. A bill to expand the Government’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and in-novation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 2853. A bill to provide for the repair, re-capitalization, and certification of dry docks at Naval shipyards; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 2854. A bill to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PETERS: S. 2855. A bill to increase outreach for women and minority-owned businesses under the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ): S. Res. 440. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate about the importance of effective civic and government education programs in schools in the United States; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. K
ING, Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ): S. Res. 441. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that, during Public Serv-ice Recognition Week, public servants should be commended for their dedication and con-tinued service to the United States; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to pro-vide States with the option of pro-viding services to children with medi-cally complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 430 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 430, a bill to prohibit the marketing of electronic cigarettes to children, and for other purposes. 
S. 629 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 629, a bill to enable hospital-based nursing programs that are affiliated with a hospital to maintain payments under the Medicare program to hos-pitals for the costs of such programs. 
S. 677 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 677, a bill to prohibit the application of certain restrictive eligibility requirements to foreign non-governmental organizations with re-spect to the provision of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage under the Medicare program of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. BALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1169, a bill to reauthor-ize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1503, a bill to provide for en-hanced Federal efforts concerning the prevention, education, treatment, and research activities related to Lyme dis-ease and other tick-borne diseases, in-cluding the establishment of a Tick- Borne Diseases Advisory Committee. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to re-quire group and individual health in-surance coverage and group health plans to provide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less fa-vorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider. 
S. 2056 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2056, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System. 
S. 2068 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2068, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-clude automated fire sprinkler system retrofits as section 179 property and classify certain automated fire sprin-kler system retrofits as 15-year prop-erty for purposes of depreciation. 
S. 2120 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2120, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pro-gram to support veterans in contact with the criminal justice system by discouraging unnecessary criminaliza-tion of mental illness and other non-violent crimes, and for other purposes. 
S. 2205 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2205, a bill to establish a grant program to assist tribal govern-ments in establishing tribal healing to wellness courts, and for other purposes. 
S. 2219 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Colorado 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.018 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2460 April 26, 2016 
(Mr. B ENNET ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2219, a bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2448 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2448, a bill to provide for the appoint-ment of additional Federal bankruptcy judges, and for other purposes. 
S. 2487 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2487, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide preven-tion programs and metrics that are ef-fective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the railroad track main-tenance credit. 
S. 2598 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2598, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 2679 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2679, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions re-lating to exposure to burn pits. 
S. 2702 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2702, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow individuals with disabilities to save additional amounts in their ABLE accounts above the current annual maximum contribu-tion if they work and earn income. 
S. 2707 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Sen-ator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2707, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to nullify the proposed rule regarding defining and delimiting the exemptions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer em-ployees, to require the Secretary of Labor to conduct a full and complete economic analysis with improved eco-nomic data on small businesses, non-profit employers, Medicare or Medicaid dependent health care providers, and small governmental jurisdictions, and all other employers, and minimize the impact on such employers, before pro-mulgating any substantially similar rule, and to provide a rule of construc-tion regarding the salary threshold ex-emption under the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. S. 2708 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2708, a bill to provide for the ad-mission to the United States of up to 10,000 Syrian religious minorities as refugees of special humanitarian con-cern in each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
S. 2756 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2756, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iranian persons responsible for knowingly engaging in significant ac-tivities undermining cybersecurity, and for other purposes. 
S. 2765 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2765, a bill to provide for the overall health and well-being of young people, including the promotion of comprehensive sexual health and healthy relationships, the reduction of unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections (STIs), includ-ing HIV, and the prevention of dating violence and sexual assault, and for other purposes. 
S. 2790 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2790, a bill to provide requirements for the ap-propriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a deposi-tory institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for addi-tional requirements related to sub-poenas issued under the Financial In-stitutions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes. 
S. 2794 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2794, a bill to establish a process for the submission and consid-eration of petitions for temporary duty suspensions and reductions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2838 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2838, a bill to improve the HUBZone program. S. 2843 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as cosponsors of S. 2843, a bill to provide emergency supplemental appropriations to address the Zika cri-sis. 
S. 2846 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Ha-waii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2846, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellec-tual property education and training for small businesses, and for other pur-poses. 
S.J. RES. 33 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S.J. Res. 33, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘fiduciary’’ and the conflict of interest rule with respect to retirement investment ad-vice. 
S. RES. 349 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 349, a resolution congratulating the Farm Credit Sys-tem on the celebration of its 100th an-niversary. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3861 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3861 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2028, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 2854. A bill to reauthorize the Em-mett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, today I, along with Senator L
EAHY , Senator M
CCASKILL , and Senator B LUNT , will introduce the reauthorization of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.020 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2461 April 26, 2016 
To give a little bit of history for my colleagues on this, this really stems from 1955, and it was the summer of 1955 when a young 14-year-old left Chi-cago, IL, and traveled to Mississippi to visit relatives. While on that trip, he made a grave mistake. He whistled at a White woman. Because of that, Em-mett Till was killed. The investigation that resulted from his death cul-minated in a 67-minute deliberation by a jury that found both men and acquit-ted them. Both individuals, Roy Bry-ant and J.W. Milam confessed to the murder in 1956. In our criminal justice system, when you are found not guilty, you can’t be retried. There was an in-justice that was done. In this par-ticular case, the injustice was done to Emmett Till, a 14-year-old. Without an understanding of how many people might have been affected by the same lack of justice applied equally, there was a self-taught indi-vidual that became an activist. His name was Alvin Sykes. Alvin Sykes be-came a civil rights advocate. He was a cold case researcher. Through the frus-tration of trying to get a bill to the U.S. Senate that my good friend Tom Coburn held up, Alvin Sykes did what most people don’t do in this town. Rather than hold a press conference to talk about a civil rights bill, he called Tom Coburn and said: I would like to see you. He sat down with Tom Coburn, and Tom said: What is it you are trying to do? The two bonded at that point, and they rewrote the bill to reflect what Tom felt was the right legislative ap-proach to create in this country—and fund, I might add—an effort to look back at all potential civil rights cases that were pre-1969. Since the bill’s passage, I think in 2008, the Department of Justice, along with the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, along with local law enforcement, has gone through 113 cases. I might add that 15 are still open, and in one they found a reason to convict an individual in the year 2010 from a case pre-1969. So let me say for my colleagues, we will introduce a bill to reauthorize this act. Why? Very simply, because just last year, the Cold Case Justice Initia-tive at Syracuse University identified 196 potential cases that weren’t caught when the Justice Department and the FBI looked at their cold case files. Now, when Senator Coburn and Alvin Sykes put this legislation together, they funded the effort with a mere $13 million. With that $13 million, it cre-ated an effort within the Justice De-partment in the Civil Rights Division and in the FBI. What we found is that it is never too late to go back and fix mistakes that you make. So I will ask my colleagues at some point in the not too distant future, probably by unanimous consent, to pass the Emmett Till Civil Rights Crime Reauthorization Act of 2016. What this does differently than what the original piece of legislation did that Tom Coburn and Alvin Sykes hammered out is that it reauthorizes within the existing offices of the FBI and the Department of Justice and it more clearly delineates the responsi-bility of the deputy crime chief of the DOJ Civil Rights Division and provides for a joint task force for enhanced col-laboration. It eliminates the pre-1970 date, and says that if the law was ap-plied unequally, it doesn’t matter when it was, and we should look at it. It eliminates the sunset provision on the Emmett Till law. This is a permanent piece of legisla-tion, where the DOJ and FBI will con-sult with civil rights organizations, universities, and other entities to reach out and pull in potentially any other cases that should be reviewed. Of course, it allows for the Department of Justice to reopen certain cold cases that merit a second review as nec-essary, and it maintains the current funding levels. It is a very worthy bill to support. As much as I would really like to make my comments about Emmett Till, I can fill in a number of poten-tially different names. But the name I want to come to the floor to talk about is Alvin Sykes. Alvin Sykes is a self- taught civil rights advocate, a person who taught himself how to do these in-vestigations into civil rights cases, a guy who is passionate about trying to bring justice to individuals who are no longer here. We are lobbied on Capitol Hill all the time by people who have an interest— it could be personal or it could be pro-fessional—in a particular issue. Alvin Sykes had nobody lobbying. They were dead. Alvin Sykes saw a potential in-justice in our judicial system and spent a lifetime passionately pursuing how he as one individual could make this right. This is a tremendous success story about something that Congress has done that is good. What we need to do is extend the good work of Tom Coburn and, more importantly, the passion of Alvin Sykes to say that not only was this needed then but it is needed now and into the future. So I come to you today to give you a preview before this bill is presented and to thank my cosponsors, Senator L
EAHY , Senator M CCASKILL , and Sen-ator B
LUNT , but more importantly, to thank Alvin Sykes. Without Alvin Sykes’ passion and commitment, this injustice wouldn’t have been brought to the attention of Tom Coburn, and Tom Coburn wouldn’t have used his in-credible passion to pass this bill origi-nally. It is my hope that we can make not only Alvin Sykes proud of the work of the Senate but that, in a small way, it might send a message to those who are related to Emmett Till and to the hun-dreds of others who might have been served an injustice and so that their relatives can understand that they did have value and that value is for oth-ers—that they may not be exposed to an injustice in the future. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am proud to be part of the bicameral and bipartisan introduction for the Em-mett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act of 2016. There has been no stronger advocate on this bill than my friend, JOHNLEWIS, and I am proud to stand with him on this effort. In 2008, we passed this bill to strength-en the Federal Government’s ability to investigate and prosecute unsolved murders from the civil rights era. The bill expires in fiscal year 2017, but it is important that we reauthorize the bill prior to its expiration so that the De-partment of Justice can continue its work on these unsolved cases, uninter-rupted. More than 60 years ago, Emmett Till, a 14-year-old African-American teen-ager, was brutally murdered, but no one was ever punished for it. His death was a pivotal—and tragic—moment in the Civil Rights era, and it continues to serve as a reminder that too many families suffer from the unsolved mur-ders of their loved ones during the civil rights era without receiving justice. The way to best serve these families is to provide our Federal Government with the tools it needs to investigate these unsolved crimes, and to hope-fully, bring some sense of closure for these families. The bill we are intro-ducing today does just that. Since the bill’s passage in 2008, the Justice Department and others have been assisting families in their quest for justice in resolving these unsolved murders. Specifically, the Civil Rights and Restorative Justice Project of Northeastern University and the Cold Case Justice Initiative at the Syracuse University College of Law have both served as invaluable resources and guides for these families. I thank them for their work on these cases, as well as their input in improving this bill. Besides reauthorizing the bill, we have made some changes to address the issues that the families and the organi-zations have raised. This bill will im-prove coordination between the various law enforcement branches and the or-ganizations involved; increase trans-parency and accountability; and con-tinue to resolve these cases without concern of the legislation sunsetting. I thank Congressman L
EWIS for his tireless work on behalf of the families of these victims of unsolved murders from the civil rights era. I also thank Senator M
CCASKILL of Missouri, Sen-ator B
URRof North Carolina, and Sen-ator B
LUNT of Missouri, who have joined us in introducing this bipartisan bill. I hope that Senators B
URR and B
LUNT can convince the Republican Chairman to move this bill through the Judiciary Committee and Republican Leadership to give this bill a vote on the floor. The road to justice can be long and winding, but we must continue to do our part to help these families obtain justice and closure for their losses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.022 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2462 April 26, 2016 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 440—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE ABOUT THE IMPOR-TANCE OF EFFECTIVE CIVIC AND GOVERNMENT EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS IN SCHOOLS IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 440 Whereas civic and government education is essential to the preservation and improve-ment of the constitutional government of the United States; Whereas civic and government education programs foster understanding of the history and principles of the constitutional govern-ment of the United States, including prin-ciples that are embodied in certain funda-mental documents and speeches, such as the Declaration of Independence, the Constitu-tion of the United States, the Bill of Rights, the Federalist Papers, the Gettysburg Ad-dress, and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech; Whereas research shows that too few peo-ple in the United States understand basic principles of the constitutional government of the United States, such as the natural rights set forth in the Declaration of Inde-pendence, the existence and functions of the 3 branches of the Federal Government, checks and balances, and other concepts fun-damental to informed citizenship; Whereas, since the founding of the United States, schools in the United States have had a strong civic mission to prepare stu-dents to be informed, rational, humane, and involved citizens who are committed to the values and principles of the constitutional government of the United States; Whereas a free society relies on the knowl-edge, skills, and virtue of the citizens of the society, particularly the individuals elected to public office to represent the citizens; Whereas, while many institutions help to develop the knowledge and skills and shape the civic character of people in the United States, schools in the United States, includ-ing elementary schools, bear a special and historic responsibility for the development of civic competence and civic responsibility of students; Whereas student learning is enhanced by well-designed classroom civic and govern-ment education programs that— (1) incorporate instruction in government, history, law, and democracy; (2) promote discussion of current events and controversial issues; (3) link community service and the formal curriculum; and (4) encourage students to participate in simulations of democratic processes; and Whereas research shows that the knowl-edge and expertise of teachers are among the most important factors in increasing student achievement: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) civic and government education is es-sential to the well-being of the constitu-tional government of the United States; (2) comprehensive and formal instruction in civic and government education would provide students a basis for understanding the rights and responsibilities of citizens in the constitutional government of the United States; (3) elementary and secondary schools in the United States are encouraged to offer courses on the history and theories of the constitutional government of the United States, using— (A) innovative programs and curricula; or (B) programs and curricula with a dem-onstrated effectiveness in fostering civic competence, civic responsibility, and a rea-soned commitment to the fundamental val-ues and principles underlying the constitu-tional government of the United States; and (4) all teachers of civics and government are well served by having access to adequate opportunities to enrich teaching through professional development programs that en-hance the capacity of teachers to provide ef-fective civic and government education in the classroom. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 441—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT, DURING PUBLIC SERVICE RECOGNITION WEEK, PUBLIC SERVANTS SHOULD BE COMMENDED FOR THEIR DEDICA-TION AND CONTINUED SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. K ING, Ms. M
IKULSKI , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 441 Whereas the week of May 1 through 7, 2016, has been designated as ‘‘Public Service Rec-ognition Week’’ to honor employees of the Federal Government and State and local governments and members of the uniformed services; Whereas Public Service Recognition Week provides an opportunity to recognize and promote the important contributions of pub-lic servants and to honor the diverse men and women who meet the needs of the United States through work at all levels of govern-ment and as members of the uniformed serv-ices; Whereas millions of individuals work in government service, and as members of the uniformed services, in every State, county, and city across the United States and in hun-dreds of cities abroad; Whereas public service is a noble calling involving a variety of challenging and re-warding professions; Whereas the ability of the Federal Govern-ment and State and local governments to be responsive, innovative, and effective depends on the outstanding performance of dedicated public servants; Whereas the United States is a great and prosperous country, and public service em-ployees contribute significantly to that greatness and prosperity; Whereas the United States benefits daily from the knowledge and skills of the highly trained individuals who work in public serv-ice; Whereas public servants— (1) defend the freedom of the people of the United States and advance the interests of the United States around the world; (2) provide vital strategic support func-tions to the Armed Forces and serve in the National Guard and Reserves; (3) fight crime and fires; (4) ensure equal access to secure, efficient, and affordable mail service; (5) deliver benefits under the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), including ben-efits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); (6) fight disease and promote better health; (7) protect the environment and parks in the United States; (8) enforce laws guaranteeing equal em-ployment opportunity and healthy working conditions; (9) defend and secure critical infrastruc-ture; (10) help the people of the United States re-cover from natural disasters and terrorist at-tacks; (11) teach and work in schools and librar-ies; (12) develop new technologies and explore the Earth, the Moon, and space to help im-prove knowledge on how the world changes; (13) improve and secure transportation sys-tems; (14) promote economic growth; and (15) assist veterans of the Armed Forces; Whereas members of the uniformed serv-ices and civilian employees at all levels of government— (1) make significant contributions to the general welfare of the United States; and (2) are on the front lines in the fight to de-feat terrorism and maintain homeland secu-rity; Whereas public servants work in a profes-sional manner to build relationships with other countries and cultures in order to bet-ter represent the interests and promote the ideals of the United States; Whereas public servants alert Congress and the public to government waste, fraud, and abuse, and of dangers to public health; Whereas the individuals serving in the uni-formed services, as well as the skilled trade and craft employees of the Federal Govern-ment who provide support to their efforts— (1) are committed to doing their jobs re-gardless of the circumstances; and (2) contribute greatly to the security of the United States and the world; Whereas public servants have bravely fought in armed conflicts in the defense of the United States and its ideals, and deserve the care and benefits they have earned through their honorable service; Whereas public servants— (1) have much to offer, as demonstrated by their expertise and innovative ideas; and (2) serve as examples by passing on institu-tional knowledge to train the next genera-tion of public servants; and Whereas the week of May 1 through 7, 2016, marks the 32nd anniversary of Public Service Recognition Week: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of the week of May 1 through 7, 2016, as ‘‘Public Service Recognition Week’’; (2) commends public servants for their out-standing contributions to the United States during Public Service Recognition Week and throughout the year; (3) salutes government employees, and members of the uniformed services, for their unyielding dedication to, and enthusiasm for, public service; (4) honors government employees and members of the uniformed services who have given their lives in service to their country; (5) calls upon a new generation to consider a career in public service as an honorable profession; and (6) encourages efforts to promote public service careers at every level of government. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3875. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.023 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2463 April 26, 2016 
amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3876. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 pro-posed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3877. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3875. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 23, line 15, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of such amount $10,000,000 shall be available to carry out an energy efficiency materials pilot program.’’. 
SA 3876. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER  (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5, line 22, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds provided herein, for any Corps of Engineers project located in a State in which a Bureau of Reclamation project is also located, any non-Federal project regulated for flood control by the Secretary of the Army located in a State in which a Bureau of Reclamation project is also located, or any Bureau of Reclamation facilities regulated for flood control by the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Army shall fund all or a portion of the costs to review or revise operational documents, including water control plans, water control manuals, water control diagrams, release schedules, rule curves, operational agree-ments with non-Federal entities, and any as-sociated environmental documentation.’’. 
SA 3877. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. The Wind and Water Power Technologies Office of the Department of En-ergy shall— (1) collaborate with industry to support the development of main shaft and gearbox bearing technologies used in wind turbines; and (2) consider providing funds for the devel-opment of new technologies that advance critical bearing and gearbox technologies used in wind turbines. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 26, 2016, at 10 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on April 26, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 26, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Navigating Business Tax Reform.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 26, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Need for More Timeliness and Transparency: Oversight of the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits (PSOB) Program.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 26, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON WESTERN HEMISPHERE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Western Hemisphere be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 26, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Resources, Priorities and Programs in the FY 2017 State Depart-ment Budget Request.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Ricky Gandhi, have privileges of the floor for the remainder of today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE ABOUT THE IMPOR-TANCE OF EFFECTIVE CIVIC AND GOVERNMENT EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS IN SCHOOLS IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 440, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 440) expressing the sense of the Senate about the importance of effective civic and government education programs in schools in the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 440) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING PUBLIC SERVANTS DURING PUBLIC SERVICE RECOGNITION WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 441, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title: The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 441) expressing the sense of the Senate that, during Public Serv-ice Recognition Week, public servants should be commended for their dedication and con-tinued service to the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.025 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2464 April 26, 2016 
table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 441) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, April 27; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate then re-sume consideration of H.R. 2028, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two managers or their des-ignees; finally, that the filing deadline for all second-degree amendments to both the substitute amendment No. 3801 and the underlying bill, H.R. 2028, be at 10:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 27. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:16 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, April 27, 2016, at 10 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DARRYL A. WILLIAMS 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. THOMAS D. WALDHAUSER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.061 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE581 April 26, 2016 
RECOGNIZING CAROL ARENDS 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of a friend, men-tor, and dedicated public servant who changed the community of Bremerton for the better: Carol Arends. As the longest serving woman on Bremerton’s City Council, Mrs. Arends guided Bremerton’s downtown revitalization and was instrumental to breaking down bar-riers for women seeking local public office. Mrs. Arends’ career path is a testament to her capabilities, innate knack for problem solv-ing, and lifelong commitment to serving the public. Growing up in Tenino, Washington, Carol graduated second in her high school class and entered college to study business. She then embarked on a career at the Depart-ment of Natural Resources before relocating to Bremerton, Washington with her husband, John. Carol came to Bremerton ready to pull her sleeves up and get to work, and it wasn’t long before she was an invaluable member of the community and serving the City of Brem-erton on a number of advisory committees. Mrs. Arends’ determination and vision for the city is ultimately what led to her recruit-ment in 1997 to run for Bremerton City Coun-cil. After her successful bid, Carol went on to serve four terms on the Bremerton City Coun-cil, including three years as council president. One doesn’t have to look far to see the fruits of Mrs. Arends’ labor. During her tenure as Councilmember, the City of Bremerton saw the approval of the Kitsap Conference Center, Harborside Fountain Park, a public safety bond, and a transit tunnel to better connect Washington State Ferries to our community. What Carol knew was that great leadership is the capacity to translate vision to reality. And with her guidance, she empowered us all to be part of that reality. Mr. Speaker, I have been encouraged by Mrs. Arends’ leadership and I am honored to have considered her a partner and a friend. During good times and during her battle with illness, she was always there with a smile, a quip, and a desire to keep at it. Our commu-nity is stronger and more vibrant thanks to her thoughtful leadership and I am honored to rec-ognize Carol Arends today in the United States Congress. 
f 
HONORING MR. WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ TURGEON FOR HIS EXEMPLARY SERVICE TO RIVER BEND MID-DLE SCHOOL 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Bill Turgeon for his contributions to his community both inside and outside the classroom at River Bend Middle School. The positive influences he has had in running the youth after school program on young children go well beyond the classroom in preparing children as they face the challenges of real life. Parents and others in his community are proud to call him their own and there is no question, he is very deserving of their praise. Mr. Turgeon is a fine example to his fellow citizens of dedication, selflessness, and com-mitment to the common good around the world. I thank him for his devotion to above and beyond the call to mentor the youth of Sterling, Virginia. f 
CELEBRATING OUTGOING DEPART-MENT PRESIDENT MRS. KAREN HOOVER OF THE PENNSYLVANIA VFW AUXILIARY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, It is my honor to recognize Mrs. Karen Hoover on the occa-sion of her departure as 2015–2016 Depart-ment President for the VFW Auxiliary Depart-ment of Pennsylvania. Spanning 31 years, Karen’s countless contributions in my district and state reflect her dignity, honor, and dedi-cation to improving her community and the lives of all Veterans of Foreign Wars. Karen joined the VFW Auxiliary in 1985, under the eligibility of her father, who served in the Army during WWII, and subsequently became a life member in 1999. She was elect-ed the Auxiliary President in 1988 and served a total of eight terms. Since 2000, Karen has served as a Senior Vice President, Junior Vice President, Secretary, and in her current role as Treasurer. Auxiliary chairmanship positions she has occupied include Americanism, Mem-bership, Cancer, and Safety. Karen has also acted as the District 18 Chief of Staff, Color Bearer, Extensions Chairman, and Treasurer for the Voice of Democracy program. Beyond her formal positions in the VFW, Karen has always understood the value of community engagement. She is a member of Saint Paul’s Lutheran Church, the American Legion, Women of the Moose, Relay for Life Team, United Way Fundraising, and Valley Lanes Bowling League. Karen is a lifetime member of the National Home for Veterans Children and was a life member of the Scot-land School for Veterans’ Children until its clo-sure in 2009. Additionally, Karen is a dedi-cated supporter of the Halifax Cat Rescue As-sociation. Whether volunteering at the food stand during the Shippensburg Community Fair or spending valuable time with her family, Karen embodies the values and principles that are essential to the functioning of a productive community. Her departure will be accom-panied by quality time with her daughter Ni-cole, who is also an active member of the Auxiliary, her two stepsons, and three grand-children. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize Mrs. Karen Hoover for her tireless dedication and excellence serving as 2015–2016 Depart-ment President for the VFW Auxiliary Depart-ment of Pennsylvania. Karen’s career achieve-ments have produced profound effects in our community and her example of selfless leader-ship will continue to inspire the next genera-tion of Veterans advocates. It is with gratitude and appreciation that I recognize Mrs. Hoover on the occasion of her departure and wish her all the best in her next endeavor. f 
CONGRATULATING JOSHUA CROWNOVER ON HIS ELECTION AS SGA PRESIDENT AT THE UNI-VERSITY OF SOUTH ALABAMA 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joshua Crownover on being elected the 51st Student Government Associa-tion (SGA) President at the University of South Alabama in Mobile, Alabama. Joshua has an impressive record, both in the classroom and in the community. He was a 2014 Valedictorian at Satsuma High School and served as a page for the Alabama State Senate. Since arriving on campus, Joshua has been deeply involved in the South Alabama commu-nity. He served as an SGA Senator, SGA Comptroller, and a member of First Year Council. He has participated in South Ala-bama’s Honors program, was selected a Mitchell Scholar, and is a member of Alpha Tau Omega fraternity. Mr. Speaker, I am also proud to say that Joshua interned in my Mobile office during the summer of 2015, and he was a strong asset to my Congressional team. I also want to rec-ognize Joshua’s parents, Mitchell and Angela Crownover, who have raised an outstanding young man. So, on behalf of my constituents in South-west Alabama, I want to congratulate Joshua once again and wish him all the best as he serves the students at the University of South Alabama. 
f 
MICHELLE MORWAY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Michelle Morway for receiving the Adams County May-ors and Commissioners Youth Award. Michelle Morway is a 12th grader at North Valley School for Young Adults and received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.001 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE582 April 26, 2016 
this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome ad-versities. The dedication demonstrated by Michelle Morway is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Michelle Morway for winning the Adams Coun-ty Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GREATER SACRAMENTO URBAN LEAGUE 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Greater Sacramento Urban League. As the Urban League’s members and friends celebrate its accomplishments and its signifi-cant impact on our community at the 2016 An-nual Unity Ball, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Urban League as a positive force for change in Sacramento. Since 1968, the Greater Sacramento Urban League has been a community advocate for the underserved in our Sacramento region. The Urban League offers a wide variety of services, including youth development, tutor-ing, and classes. It has assisted thousands of people by giving them the tools to become more empowered and educated, which strengthens the workforce in our community and improves the bonds that tie Sacramento’s neighborhoods together. Being honored tonight with the Legacy Award is James Shelby, former President and CEO of the Greater Sacramento Urban League. Mr. Shelby is legendary among those who work for social change; for over twenty years under his leadership, the Greater Sac-ramento Urban League grew and thrived. Re-placing Mr. Shelby at the head of the Greater Sacramento Urban League is Cassandra Jen-nings, a well-known community leader who I have worked with in the past. Scott Syphax, President and CEO of Nehemiah Corporation of America, receives the Community Em-powerment Award; and Kathy McKim, Vice President of External Affairs of AT&T, is being honored with the Community Impact Award. Finally, Laura Murrell receives the Young Pro-fessional Award tonight. All are leaders in our community and are deserving of these honors. Mr. Speaker, as the members of the Greater Sacramento Urban League celebrate the orga-nization’s accomplishments and value to our Sacramento community, I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring its work in Sac-ramento. HONORING THE PLACEMENT OF ‘‘JOSEPHINE CITY’’ IN BERRYVILLE, VIRGINIA ON THE NATIONAL AND STATE REG-ISTERS OF HISTORIC PLACES HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the Josephine Street community in Berryville, Virginia, has been officially des-ignated a place of national historical signifi-cance and that the story of this proud African- American community has now been perma-nently included in the history of the Common-wealth of Virginia and of our nation. On February 9, 2015, as the newly elected member of Congress representing the North-ern Shenandoah Valley, I submitted a letter enthusiastically endorsing the community’s ap-plication to the Virginia Department of Historic Resources and the National Park Service, to be placed on the state and national registers of historic places, and within months I re-ceived word that both designations had been granted. What an incredibly inspiring place the Jose-phine Street community has been since its es-tablishment in 1870, when the 24 founders— former slaves and free blacks—purchased 31 one-acre lots from the Clermont Farm property owned by Ellen McCormick and turned the land on either side of the mile-long street into a thriving community. In June of 2014, I was privileged to have been a part of an extraordinary walking tour of the community and will never forget the won-derful presentations by the elders of the com-munity such as Viola Brown and Geneva Jackson. During this walking tour, I learned that the history of ‘‘Josephine City’’ is the story of a proud, resilient and resourceful people who, despite the ongoing negative effects of slavery and adversity of segregation, used their own talents, energies, and good will to build a remarkably self-sufficient and caring community that thrives to this day. Through the amazing energy and positive attitude of those early residents, a community had been created by the early 20th century that included a grade school and a high school, two churches, two public wells, two restaurants, stables, boarding houses (includ-ing one for teachers), a barber shop and gas station, a hat shop, a slaughterhouse, a club-house and a baseball team. I want to thank the many committed people who have been involved in obtaining this im-portant historical designation, including Ms. Dee Dee Liggins, Reverend James Page, Jr. and Mr. Kenny Liggins of the Josephine Im-provement Association; the leaders of the Jo-sephine School Community Museum, including Dorothy Davis, Helen Carr, and Norma John-son; the elected officials of Clarke County and Berryville; the Board of Directors of the Clarke County Historic Preservation Commission; and especially, Maral Kalbian, the architectural his-torian of Clarke County. All of these individuals and organizations have helped to ensure that future generations of Virginians and Americans will be inspired by the hard work and indomitable spirit of the residents of Josephine City who, despite ad-versity, created a thriving, caring, self-suffi-cient community that is a model for us all. HONORING LUCILLE LOVETTE HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a driven and ambi-tious woman, Ms. Lucille Lovette. Lucille has shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to serve others. Lucille Lovette, a resident of Anguilla, Mis-sissippi, is the ninth of 15 siblings born into a family who believed in hard work and didn’t believe in handouts. Lovette earned a bachelor of science in ele-mentary education degree from Mississippi Valley State University at Itta Bena, followed by a masters degree in educational leadership and supervision and a specialist degree in educational leadership and supervision, both from Delta State University in Cleveland, Mis-sissippi. She began her career as an office manager in 1978 for the South Delta School District (formerly known as Anguilla Line Consolidated School District) under the direction of a great superintendent who encouraged her to go a little further. Lovette was employed by the South Delta School District from 1978–2009, serving as curriculum director, federal pro-grams director and principal. During her time as principal, she led in an elementary school with a starting enrollment of some 740 stu-dents and 90 faculty members. During her ten-ure, the students’ grade level reading score on state assessments increased more than 38.4 percent and math scores on state assessment increased more than 70 percent. The school achieved an Exemplary and High Performing School rating. Also while as principal the South Delta Elementary School received the Torch Award granted by the Mississippi De-partment of Education. In 1994 she was one of 13 teachers who were chosen by the state of Mississippi for a six week study with NASA. Prior to serving as principal of South Delta Elementary School, Lovette worked as edu-cational technologist as South Delta Middle School, and has served as an adult education teacher at Mississippi Delta Community Col-lege in Moorhead. From 2009–2010 Lovette served as an edu-cational leadership consultant at Dollarway Middle School in Pine Bluff, Arkansas and Eliza Miller Junior High School in Helena, Ar-kansas. She was employed as school im-provement coordinator with the Indianola School district from 2010 until 2011 and from 2011 until 2013; she served as educational leadership consultant for the Jackson Public School District and the Senatobia Public School District. Among the awards she has garnered during her years in education are: the Mississippi School Board Association’s School Improve-ment Beacon Award in 2009; the Mississippi Success for All School Reading Award in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007; the South Delta School District Administrator of the Year Award in 2007; Delta State University Edu-cational Leadership Sabbatical in 2001; Mis-sissippi Teacher of the Year State Finalist; Mississippi Second Congressional District Teacher of the Year in 2000; and South Delta Middle School and School District Teacher of the Year in 1998 and 2000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.005 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE583 April 26, 2016 
Lovette joined the Yazoo City Municipal School District in 2013, where she served as assistant superintendent and as federal pro-grams director. In February 2015, the Yazoo City Municipal School District School Board named Lucille Lovette the district’s interim su-perintendent. Lucille says, ‘‘Service is the rent we pay for being allowed to live on this earth. We’re sup-posed to give back, so that’s key for me.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Lucille Lovette for her pas-sion and dedication to educate our youth and desire to make a difference in the lives of oth-ers. 
f 
MCKENZIE D IGIALLONARDO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud McKenzie DiGiallonardo for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. McKenzie DiGiallonardo is a 6th grader at Silver Hills Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by McKenzie DiGiallonardo is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to McKenzie DiGiallonardo for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE POMPEO 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 162 and 163, I was unable to cast my vote in person due to a previously scheduled engage-ment. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN HENRY B. GONZALEZ 
HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Congressman Henry B. Gon-zalez, a treasured son of San Antonio and leg-endary Latino leader. May 3 of this year marks the 100th anniversary of Congressman Gon-zalez’s birth, a milestone I look forward to celebrating with his family and the broader San Antonio community. From an early age, Gonzalez took an inter-est in academics. He was an avid reader, and a graduate of Jefferson High School, San An-tonio College, and St. Mary’s University Law School. After graduating law school, Gonzalez dedicated his talents to helping his city and its residents. He served as Bexar County Chief Juvenile Probation Officer and worked for the San Antonio Public Housing Authority. In 1953, with a broad base of support, Gon-zalez was elected to the San Antonio City Council where he served as mayor pro-tem for part of his first term. He was a courageous fighter for justice, leading the successful effort to desegregate all city facilities, protecting residents from undue utilities rate increases, and inspiring his peers. Some of Gonzalez’s most notable stands against injustice occurred during his 1956– 1961 tenure in the State Senate. He led the longest filibuster in the history of the Texas Legislature, speaking out against 10 racial segregation bills for 22 hours. Later, he filibus-tered for 20 hours against a bill seeking to cir-cumvent the Supreme Court’s Brown v. Board of Education ruling against segregated schools. Gonzalez’s legislation reflected his commitment to the people of San Antonio. He sponsored bills for a state minimum wage, for the establishment of a medical school in San Antonio, for the creation of a domestic rela-tions court for Bexar County, and for author-izing urban renewal in our city. Gonzalez was not just a principled state legislator, he was a prolific one too. A total of 42 of the bills he sponsored, cosponsored, or handled in the Texas Senate became law. Following his time in the state legislature, Gonzalez went on to become the first Hispanic representative from Texas to serve in the United States Congress. For a remarkable 37 years, he was the voice of San Antonians in Washington. His ‘‘20th Century Program for the 20th District’’ helped markedly improve life for folks in our city. Gonzalez’s tireless efforts bolstered our local universities, supported small businesses, and grew our military instal-lations, bringing thousands of new jobs to San Antonio. He fought poverty, spearheaded projects like HemisFair that spurred our city’s tourism industry, expanded San Antonio kids’ access to early education, and stood up for our veterans, particularly with the construction of Audie Murphy Veterans Hospital. More broadly, Gonzalez supported and contributed to landmark legislation that fundamentally changed our nation for the better, including the Civil Rights Act, the Fair Housing Act, and the Equal Opportunities Act. Beyond his work in legislative chambers, Gonzalez took care to connect personally with his constituents. He kept the people of San Antonio well-informed of his work, and he made sure each individual’s problem received the time and attention needed to be resolved. In a touching tribute to the dedication Gon-zalez showed his city throughout his career, the people of San Antonio lined the streets to view his funeral procession and pay their re-spects after his death in 2000. Henry B. Gonzalez’s legacy has been a guiding light throughout my career, and it is an honor to serve in the seat he once filled as the current representative for Texas’ 20th District. I offer my best wishes to his family and to the entire San Antonio community as we take time on this anniversary to celebrate his illustrious life. THE OCCASION OF THE RETIREMENT OF DR. ROY CHURCH HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my very dear friend, Dr. Roy Church. Dr. Church, who has faithfully and de-terminedly served our community as President of Lorain County Community College since 1987, recently announced he will retire June 30, 2016. Today, the community will honor him in a tribute to his remarkable tenure. Like many retirements, Dr. Church’s will be a bittersweet one. For the past 29 years we have relied on his bold leadership, thoughtful vision and unquestioned commitment to higher education—and while professionally he will certainly be missed, Dr. Church’s legacy and more so friendship will remain a part of the fabric of our community forever. Though Dr. Church refuses to take credit for much, his work ethic and sense of service began at an early age and was found in an unassuming place, far from academia. ‘‘I milked cows morning and night for the first 18 years of my life’’, Dr. Church once said. He was the youngest of six children growing up on a 230-acre dairy farm south of Syracuse, N.Y. He attended college not far from there, graduating from State University of New York at Cortland and it was here where Dr. Church began his 45 year commitment to higher edu-cation. Not long after Dr. Church received his Master’s Degree in education from St. Joseph College of Florida, where he taught health sciences, he was given opportunity to become the dean of students at only 25 years of age. Soon after pursuing a doctorate in higher education administration from Florida Atlantic University, Dr. Church’s meteoric rise through the world of higher education continued. From dean of academic affairs at Broward Commu-nity College in Fort Lauderdale to vice presi-dent and chief academic officer of St. Peters-burg College and eventually and thankfully landing him in Lorain County, Ohio as the fifth President of our community’s college, in 1987. Back then, LCCC was a straight-forward, conventional community college of 5,000 stu-dents, offering associate degrees in basic coursework, in a few disciplines. Today, it is one of the top schools of its kind in the coun-try and is a leader in innovation, entrepreneur-ship, and higher education. It didn’t take long for Dr. Church to see the connection between a higher education and good jobs, under-standing the need to not only prepare and train students for their future, but to also help foster entrepreneurship that create good-pay-ing jobs. It was through Dr. Church’s vision and lead-ership that LCCC helped launch innovative and ground breaking initiatives such as the nationally recognized University Partnership Program, that provides four-year and graduate degree programs from local universities or Early College that allows for high school stu-dents to earn college credit. Other creative initiatives include the Innova-tion Alliance, an effort to improve access to science, technology, engineering and math de-grees and GLIDE (the Great Lakes Innovation and Development Enterprise), the county’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.003 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE584 April 26, 2016 
technology incubator, which to date has awarded more than $28 million to 44 compa-nies, the FabLab, an innovative ‘‘makerspace’’ and the SMART Center for Microsystems and sensor technology. Since Dr. Church’s time at LCCC, its trans-formation is and has been ahead of its time. In President Obama’s last visit to LCCC—he visited the college twice—he spoke of the need for community colleges to become com-munity career centers, so people who are looking for a new job or a better-paying job can learn the skills that businesses need right now. That is what Dr. Church has done: he has helped create and lead one of the nation’s premiere institutions, always with a root and focus on the student and academics, but mindful of its true role and responsibility. ‘‘As the community’s college, we serve all . . . students, companies, organizations, resi-dents,’’ Dr. Church once said. ‘‘We are a re-source for the entire community.’’ It is difficult to estimate how many lives Dr. Church has touched—how many single moth-ers relying on an affordable education to pro-vide a better life for their children—how many laid-off steelworkers who were retrained to once again have an opportunity to work—how many companies and business startups that created new and good-paying jobs—how many first generation college students were given the opportunity to climb out of poverty? Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor and pleasure today, to pay tribute to a visionary leader and community partner, Dr. Roy Church, and join the tens of thousands who thank him for his service and commitment to our community. 
f 
HAILEY INNES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Hailey Innes for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Hailey Innes is an 8th grader at Moore Mid-dle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Hailey Innes is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Hailey Innes for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
HONORING STAN KELLY 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives and resi-dents of the District of Columbia to join me in celebrating Stan Kelly and his lifetime achieve-ments in the ballroom dance community over the past 60 years. Mr. Kelly is a proud and distinguished lifelong resident of Ward 4 in the District of Columbia. Mr. Kelly’s career as a ballroom dance in-structor started in the District of Columbia at the Dunbar Dance Studio in the 1950s. Mr. Kelly combined his passion for the arts and an eye for business, founding his own dance stu-dio—the Stan Kelly Dance Studio. It was the first African-American owned ballroom dance studio in the District of Columbia, which was located at 1867 Kalorama Road NW. Mr. Kelly would also make weekly appearances on Channel 5’s (WTTG-TV) Capitol Caravan tele-vision show, as well as entertaining and edu-cating the public about ballroom dance as the host of Saturday night mambo sessions at the Caravan Ballroom. Mr. Kelly and his wife, Norma, are both currently members of the Banneker Ballroom Dance Club, where Mr. Kelly served as an accomplished instructor for nine years. Mr. Kelly’s work has been instrumental in exposing Washingtonians to modern dance forms. Through his life’s work, Mr. Kelly has contributed to the heartbeat of this city, help-ing to make the District of Columbia one of the great cultural centers of the world. His love for the arts and passion for sharing it with others serve as an example to us all. In coordination with the Friends of Stan Kelly Celebration Committee, Mr. Kelly will be honored at Gallaudet University on Sunday, May 15, 2016. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House, residents of the District of Columbia and all lovers of the arts, to please join me in celebrating Stan Kelly’s legacy in the dance community. f 
HONORING MOUND BAYOU PUBLIC SCHOOLS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable edu-cational institution, the Mound Bayou Public School District in Mound Bayou, Mississippi. The early settlers in Mound Bayou recog-nized the value of education in building a com-munity. Early in 1888, I.T. Montgomery and his sister, Virginia Montgomery, began holding classes for children in his home. This school developed into the Mound Bayou Public School. Ms. Montgomery, the first principal, served until 1896. During the early years school was held in the first church, Green Grove, now First Baptist. Rev. J.L. Brandfort succeeded Virginia Montgomery as principal. As joint principals Professor R.J. Jarrett con-tinued the school in Green Grove, while Pro-fessor James Wilson held classes in Bethel A.M.E. Church. Mrs. Gertrude Jones Bryant became the principal in 1904 and served until 1915. A local Board of Trustees ran the school, but it was responsible to a county board that was not so willing to appropriate money for the school, even though this school had an enrollment of 200 by 1910. In 1892, Montgomery and Green donated a tract of land for educational purposes, ‘‘de-signed to supplement the inadequate cur-riculum of the public schools’’. The Mound Bayou Normal and Industrial Institute was built on this tract of land, with the assistance of the American Missionary Association. The school was largely supported by tuition but continued to receive some financial assistance from the American Missionary Association, which was responsible for providing the first principal and teacher, Mrs. Annie Randolph. The second principal was Miss Mary E. Crump, who was succeeded by Miss Minnie S. Washington. A complete high school course was added under the leadership of Professor B.F. Ousley. Voca-tional instruction in music and domestic arts and science was offered. Professor Ousley served as principal for a period of 16 years. Upon his resignation, Professor F.M. Roberts became principal and was assisted by Pro-fessor Robert Ross. In 1912, while working with Booker T. Washington, Montgomery and Charles Bank secured a $1000 donation from Julius Rosen-wald to build a school. Andrew Carnegie was persuaded to donate $4000 for the construc-tion of a library. Booker T. Washington said that Mound Bayou was ‘‘not merely a town, but at the same time and in a very real sense of the word, a school. It is not only a place where a Negro may get inspiration . . . but a place, also, where he has the opportunity to learn some of the fundamental duties and re-sponsibilities of social and civic life.’’ In 1920 all of the public schools in the vicin-ity of Mound Bayou and the Mound Bayou Normal and Industrial Institute consolidated to form the Mound Bayou Consolidated Public School and County Training School. A local Board of Trustees administered the school with responsibility to the County Super-intendent of Education. The members of the first Board were I.T. Montgomery, Chairman, B.W. Bryan and John W. Francis. The second Board included B.A. Green, Chairman, D.J. Hill, T.S. Morris, John Tharpe, Sr., Rev. Jim Jones, and P.M. Smith. The three-story brick structure was com-pleted and the first classes started in 1921. It was located in Mound Bayou on about four acres of land. It served an area of thirty square miles with 16 classrooms and an audi-torium with a seating capacity of 700. The av-erage annual enrollment was 850. Classes were held nine months a year. This building served all the students of Mound Bayou and the surrounding vicinities until 1960, when I.T. Montgomery Elementary School was erected. The three-story brick building, Mound Bayou High School, was closed in the fall of 1964, when a new building, John F. Kennedy Memo-rial High School, was opened. Principals who served the Bolivar County Training School were J.H. Moseley, J.H. Pow-ell, A.R. Taylor, C.M. Green, Mrs. Olevia Holmes-Ryles, Richard Williams, Mrs. Richard Williams, Rev. Hardin, and B.T. Johnson. B.T. Johnson was the last administrator designated as a principal for the Bolivar County Training School. Mr. Calvin J. Jones was selected as the first superintendent of Bolivar County School District Number Six, following a county reorganization, after the 1954 Supreme Court decision overruling the practice of segregation in public schools. Others who have served as district superintendent are Arthur Holmes, Jimmy Langdon, Shelton Wilder, Linder Howze-Campbell, Linda Perry Robinson, and William Crockett. Principals who have served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.006 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE585 April 26, 2016 
the elementary school since the county reor-ganization include Ruth Scott, O.W. Howard, Samuel McGee, Arthur Jackson, Arthur Holmes, Jr., Legora M. Norwood, Joe Jen-nings, Sammy Armstrong, Linda Perry Robin-son, Willie E. Norwood, Sr., and Johnnie Vick. Montresia Cain is the current elementary school principal. Principals who have served the High School are A.L. Moore, Sr., Willie Gates, Eltea Lambert, Robert Latham, Shelton Wilder, Jackie Campbell, Dr. I.D. Thompson, and Dr. Wanda C. Stringer. Shaneequa Beal is the current high school principal. Mound Bayou Public School District was merged with North Bolivar School District in July, 2014, forming the new North Bolivar Consolidated School District. Mr. Johnnie Vick is the current Superintendent. Mound Bayou has a rich and strong edu-cational history. It has had and continues to have dedicated administrators and teachers. The students demonstrate the ability to achieve at all levels, and graduates compete, globally, in a wide cadre of professional fields. The Mound Bayou Public School System was definitely a successful educational organiza-tion. It is anticipated to have a continued high level of achievement for the students at I.T. Montgomery Elementary School and John F. Kennedy Memorial High School. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing an extraordinary educational in-stitution the Mound Bayou Public School Dis-trict. 
f 
JOAL MARTINEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Joal Martinez for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Joal Martinez is a 10th grader at Vantage Point High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Joal Mar-tinez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Joal Martinez for winning the Adams County May-ors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
HONORING THE MACEDONIA MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special church in the Central Kentucky Area. Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church, located in Keene, Kentucky, was organized in February of 1867. This year they will celebrate their sesquicentennial with one hundred and fifty years of ministry. The original members of this church first worshipped as a part of a white congregation at Mount Pleasant Church. As they desired to form a church of their own, a committee of black members was formed. The church held its first services in a one room log cabin which also served as a school. The present building was constructed in 1874. Over the last one hundred and fifty years, the church has grown physically with additions and upgrades of the buildings. Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church has been pastored by many fine ministers, starting with Rev. Peter Johnson in 1867 and leading to today’s pastor, Rev. Reginald C. Davis. Many lives have been changed by the ministry of the pas-tors and the members of this church. Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church has been called one of the best rural churches in Kentucky. As they celebrate this historic one hundred and fifty year anniversary, they con-tinue their ministry to worship and serve God through Jesus Christ. I am proud to have vis-ited the church and I am honored to recognize the historic Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church before the United States House of Representatives. f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF FIRE AND RESCUE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge the achievements and the 50th anniversary of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue. In January of 1966, Prince William County hired its first paid firefighter, Phil Ponder. Ponder was the first of what is now over 600 Fire & Rescue per-sonnel. Prince William County holds a number of records such as the first jurisdiction on the east coast to implement a 911 system and the first jurisdiction in the state and national cap-ital region to implement a physical agility exam for career firefighters. In addition to those achievements, the department hired the first female fire chief of a metropolitan-sized de-partment. I had the pleasure of meeting with Prince William County Department of Fire and Res-cue Chief Kevin McGee recently where we talked about how the Department has evolved. Chief McGee always challenges his team to be on the cutting edge of firefighting and emergency rescue. Time and again Prince William County Fire and Rescue personnel have used their skills not only to help the peo-ple of Prince William County but also the citi-zens of Northern Virginia and beyond at their time in need. Over the years, Prince William County Fire and Rescue has assisted with incidents like the 9/11 attacks on the Pentagon and with rescue efforts following Hurricane Katrina. Today, the department has 555 uniformed and 60 civilian staff providing service around the clock. It is one of three jurisdictions in the Commonwealth with a delegated training au-thority for the Virginia Department of Fire Pro-grams and is a partner in the National Capital Region Incident Management Team. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to ac-knowledge the achievements of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Res-cue over the last 50 years and thank all of the staff, both past and present, for protecting the lives and property of the region. I offer sincere gratitude for their service to the community, the Commonwealth, and the nation over the past 50 years and know that high quality serv-ice will be engrained in the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue for generations to come. f 
HONORING MELVIN V. PRIESTER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Councilman Melvin V. Priester, Jr., who is a proud alum of Murrah High School (valedictorian, class of 1997). In 2001, Councilman Priester graduated from Harvard College magna cum laude with a de-gree in social studies. Councilman Priester wrote his honors thesis on the use of religion by progressive political activists. While at Har-vard, Mr. Priester was active: in the Black Stu-dents’ Association and student government; he was a jazz DJ at WHRB; and he served as a research assistant for then, director of the Children’s Studies Program, Kiku Adatto. Concilman Priester obtained his juris doc-torate from Stanford Law School in 2004. While at Stanford, Councilman Priester was a member of the board of the Stanford Tech-nology Law Review and participated in Stan-ford’s civil rights clinic under noted scholar, Michelle Alexander, and the cyber law legal clinic under internet privacy activist, Jennifer Granick. Upon graduating from law school and until he joined Jackson’s Priester Law Firm in 2008, Councilman Priester was a litigation as-sociate in the San Francisco office of Morrison & Foerster LLP, where he advised clients in fi-nancial services, intellectual property, and governmental investigations. Councilman Priester has done pro bono and volunteer work for clients including: the Innocence Project of Northern California, the North Mid-town Art Center, and numerous indigent cli-ents. At Priester Law Firm, a family firm, which has been opened since 1988, Councilman Priester represents a diverse set of clients in business litigation, governmental affairs, real estate, personal injury law, family law, and medical malpractice. Since 2011, Councilman Priester has been a regional producer for the Figment Arts Festival (www.figmentproject.org), a nationwide arts festival with significant events in New York City, Boston, Detroit, Jackson, Washington, D.C., and Pittsburg. Councilman Priester is licensed to practice law in Mississippi and California. He is a member of the Charles Clark Inns of Court, the American Bar Association, the Magnolia Bar Association, and the Capital Area Bar As-sociation. In 2013, Councilman Priester graduated from the Mississippi Black Leadership Insti-tute. He is a proud member of New Hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.008 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE586 April 26, 2016 
Baptist Church in Jackson and resides in the Woodhaven neighborhood of Jackson’s Ward II. In his free time, he enjoys working at his studio in the North Midtown Arts Center and mentoring local school children. Mr. Priester’s priorities for the council include: updating Jackson’s stormwater master plan to address flooding, potholes and infrastructure; and pro-viding quality educational enrichment opportu-nities for children. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Councilman Priester for giving back to the community in which he was born and reared. 
f 
JORDYN ASHBURN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jordyn Ashburn for receiving the Adams County May-ors and Commissioners Youth Award. Jordyn Ashburn is an 8th grader at Mon-terey Community School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Jordyn Ashburn is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jordyn Ashburn for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO OHEV SHALOM 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, for two generations, Ohev Shalom of Bucks County has served a family of congregants and in-spired many Jewish lives, both children and adults. As you celebrate this 40th anniversary we recognize your many contributions to the greater community. Your 40-year history began with the first Ohev Shalom Purim held March 1976 in Southampton, Bucks County. The current building, the synagogue, was pur-chased two years later in Richboro, North-ampton Township. Ohev Shalom is known to have an outgoing and growing community of congregants who share many enjoyable events and forge long lasting relationships. They also have a loving enthusiasm for each other that has translated into sharing and helping their community. On this milestone an-niversary, you are warmly wished many years of continued success, devoted spiritual leaders and faithful congregants. Heartiest congratula-tions. Mazel tov. IN TRIBUTE TO DOROTHY EARL JOHNSON HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in tribute to Dorothy E. Johnson who passed away on April 16, 2016. Mrs. Johnson was born Doro-thy Earl Haralson on April 19, 1929 in Lena, Mississippi. She was the fifth of fourteen chil-dren born to Dovie and Ollie Haralson. Mrs. Johnson received both her early and high school education in Lena, Mississippi. She married I.W. Johnson in 1946. They moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1948 fol-lowing the great migration of the north after Mr. Johnson secured employment at the Pat-rick Cudahy Packing House. Mrs. Johnson worked for the next three decades for varied employers; she was a salad maker extraordinaire for some of Milwaukee’s finest hotels and culinary establishments such as the Knickerbocker Hotel, Fleur de Lis formerly lo-cated in the Cudahy Tower and Angie’s Res-taurant formerly on Water Street. She also worked for Globe Union. Mrs. Johnson’s last employer was Milwaukee County from which she retired in 1990 after 15 years of service as a Food Service Worker. Dorothy and I.W. Johnson raised 11 chil-dren in Milwaukee: Erma, Margie, Donna, Wayne, Barbara (deceased), Sharon, Kirk, Lynn, Vincent, David and Deon. She was a great support system for all of her children and their families. She leaves behind a won-derful legacy which includes: 30 grandchildren, 27 great-grandchildren, and 7 great, great- grandchildren. Mrs. Johnson will also be sore-ly missed by numerous beloved extended fam-ily members and friends. Dorothy Johnson was an avid reader. She also loved traveling, the theater and music. She was able to combine her love of family, travel, theater and music on her last big trip. She traveled to Toronto in 2012 to watch one of her granddaughters perform as a musician with Cirque du Soleil. She also enjoyed watching political pro-graming on television with C–SPAN being one of her favorites. She kept current with local and national politics and believed in making sure her vote counted. Even when encoun-tering an illness before her passing Mrs. John-son was adamant about exercising her fran-chise. She utilized curbside voting on April 5, 2016 for the Presidential Primary and General local and statewide elections. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Mrs. Dorothy Earl Johnson. She has been a tre-mendous asset to the Fourth Congressional District. 
f 
JOSHUA RAMIREZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Joshua Rami-rez for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Joshua Ramirez is a 12th grader at North Valley School for Young Adults and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome ad-versities. The dedication demonstrated by Joshua Ra-mirez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Joshua Ramirez for winning the Adams Coun-ty Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedica-tion and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
HONORING GLORIA COLEMAN DOTSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Gloria Coleman Dotson. Gloria Coleman Dotson grew up and lives in Claiborne County as the oldest of seven chil-dren of Curtis Coleman and Ethel Allen in the town Ulysses S. Grant said was ‘‘Too Beau-tiful to Burn.’’ She is a 1973 graduate of Port Gibson High School. She received her Bach-elor of Science Degree in Business Education from Jackson State University in 1977. After graduation, Ms. Dotson was employed by the Claiborne County Board of Supervisors in the Chancery Clerk’s Office. She worked under the supervision of two Chancery Clerks: Mrs. Stella Jennings-Greenwood and Mr. Frank Wilson. She worked in the Chancery Clerk’s Office for twenty-five years as Deputy Chancery Clerk prior to being elected Chan-cery Clerk in 2000. She is currently serving her fourth term as Chancery Clerk. Ms. Dotson is a member of First Christian Disciples of Christ Church, a choir member and Sunday School Treasurer. She is involved in several civic organizations including: Port Gibson Main Street, MS Cultural Crossroad Board of Directors, Mississippi Delta Strategic Compact, a member of NAACP and the Chan-cery Clerk’s Association. Ms. Dotson has been married to Joe Dotson, Jr. for twenty-two years. They are the proud parents of three children: JaBari, JaNetra, and JoKevy. They have an eleven year old granddaughter, KaMeryal and a one year old grandson, KaMari. The title ‘‘Chancery Clerk’’ does not ade-quately describe the various duties and re-sponsibilities that Ms. Dotson has attended to in the office. The Chancery Clerk’s Office has a multitude of duties and functions which are governed by an assortment of statutes and court rules, along with following guidelines es-tablished either by the State Department of Audit or the Department of Finance and Ad-ministration. The Chancery Clerk’s position is a four year elected term. Ms. Dotson often states, ‘‘I thank God for al-lowing me to serve as a Public Official. I love my job. When I’m not serving my constituents, I spend time with my family and friends, work in the yard and reading.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Gloria Coleman Dotson for her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.011 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE587 April 26, 2016 
dedication and support to the Claiborne Coun-ty Community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF EARLE C. WILLIAMS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Earle C. Williams of McLean, Virginia. Earle was a Northern Virginia business, tech-nology, philanthropic, and community leader and friend to so many throughout the Com-monwealth. I am so honored to have known Earle as a friend and valued advisor. He was an insightful and gifted leader who accom-plished so much and gave so much back to his community. Earle was chairman of the Naval Research Advisory Committee, the Fairfax County Eco-nomic Development Authority, and was a per-manent director and past international chair-man of the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association. Earle began his storied career a leader in the Washington, D.C. area and was a man who truly cared for his employees and all those around him. He was someone who believes in a strong culture of education and the arts and worked tirelessly to promote these endeavors in his life. His career as President and CEO of BDM International lasted from 1972 to 1992, during which he founded both the Professional Serv-ices Council and the Northern Virginia Tech-nology Council. These organizations have since become major fixtures in the Northern Virginia region and Earle’s work with them will forever impact our community. The Northern Virginia Technology Council appropriately named its annual lifetime achievement award, ‘The Earle C. Williams Lifetime Achievement Award’ and it is given to a person whose life-time personal and professional endeavors have made a significant impact on the North-ern Virginia technology community. His profes-sional accomplishments were many and cele-brated and he did it all with his wife and family always surrounding him and celebrating with him and giving back with him. He passed away peacefully, blessed with his dear wife, June, by his side. She and her daughters and family had been faithfully keeping vigil the final several weeks and never left his side. Earle also worked extensively with Wolf Trap in Vienna, always valuing a culture of in-novation as key to success in the arts. In 2015, he received the Jinx Hazel Arts Award for leadership and advocacy in the arts for his work with Wolf Trap and continued to work through the rest of his life to improve Wolf Trap so our entire community can benefit. In 1994, Earle was inducted into the Ala-bama Engineering Hall of Fame and from 1991 to 2004 was a part of the Auburn Univer-sity Foundation Board, serving as its chairman the final two years. Earle’s work ethic and passion for helping those around him was unrivaled, and was shown in his continued service to the community. He will always be a role model not just to me, but to those in his community, his wife June, his three daughters Carol, Sharon, and Gayle, and his seven grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I hope everyone joins me in honoring the life of Earle C. Wil-liams. KEANNA SMITH HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Keanna Smith for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Keanna Smith is an 11th grader at Bollman Technical Education Center and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Keanna Smith is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Keanna Smith for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM BRADEN 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I wish to honor a man whose service to his community and commitment to the lives of many young men has brought great distinction to East Tennessee and this Nation. Mr. Jim Braden was originally a resident of Ripley, West Virginia, before finding perma-nent roots in East Tennessee’s City of Far-ragut where I am glad he stayed. Jim Braden has devoted fifty-two years of his incredible life to coaching baseball as an unpaid volunteer. His impact on the Farragut community can be seen through organizing and implementing the countywide Knox Coun-ty Middle School Baseball League and raising funds for facilities that support Farragut base-ball. Coach Braden worked with young men who would later go on to be team members of col-lege, minor and major league teams. Mr. Braden has worn many hats in life on top of his baseball cap. He bravely served our Country during Vietnam War as a member of a United States Navy helicopter squadron. He is the husband of Catherine who contributed to the success of Knox County and Farragut athletics. He is the father of two Farragut High School Alumni, Mark and Laura. He is the leg-end that the Farragut High School Dugout Club will name an award after. The Farragut High School Dugout Club rec-ognizes an outstanding player each season by recognizing them with a ‘‘Mr. Baseball’’ award. On the occasion of the name of this award being changed to the ‘‘Coach Jim Braden Mr. Baseball Award’’ I call to the attention of my colleagues and other readers to celebrate his contribution to countless lives on and off the baseball field. Coach Braden looks forward to passing along the love of the game to his grand-children while instilling the importance of com-munity involvement. He is a shining example of a true Tennessee Volunteer. I hope you will join me in celebrating his life and legacy. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,198,172,774,532.79. We’ve added $8,571,295,725,619.71 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 60TH PAS-TORAL ANNIVERSARY OF REV-EREND & MRS. I.J. JOHNSON 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Reverend I. J. Johnson and his wife, First Lady Betty Johnson as they celebrate their Di-amond Anniversary of sixty years in pastoral service. The congregation of St. Mark’s Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Toledo, Ohio cele-brates the milestone this month. Incredibly, I stood in this chamber ten years ago to recog-nize Pastor and First Lady Johnson’s fiftieth jubilee. As I noted then, born in Troy Alabama, one of eleven children of Mary and Levi Johnson, ‘‘Reverend Johnson entered the ministry at age twelve. By nineteen, he began pastoring in his home state of Alabama. He received his Bachelor of Theology degree from Easonian Baptist Seminary in Birmingham Alabama, and served four churches until coming to Ohio in 1955. In July of that year, he was invited by Dr. Israel Walker to conduct a revival at St. Mary’s Baptist Church. During this visit he met the woman who would become his wife. On August 26, 1958, Reverend Johnson and Mother Betty Rae Johnson were married. To-gether they raised four children: Reverend C.L. Johnson, Reverend Michael Johnson, Denisee Williams and Angela Taylor. In Octo-ber of 1955, Pastor Johnson founded and or-ganized St. Mark’s Missionary Baptist Church. Started with just three members, the church grew over the half-century to more than 2,000 souls.’’ Pastor Johnson is a man devoted to the Gospel. In addition to his spiritual leadership at St. Mark’s, Reverend Roberts has con-ducted revivals throughout the Eastern half of the United States. Many have been called to Christ through him and he has given wise counsel to countless people. His legacy con-tinues through his sons, both called to preach in their own right. A leader in our community as well, Pastor Johnson has served the Baptist Ministers Con-ference, the Fairside Community Organization, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.014 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE588 April 26, 2016 
Northwestern Ohio Missionary Baptist Asso-ciation, Lucas County Mental Health Board, Interracial Interfaith Committee, Evangelical Board of the National Baptist Convention, and NAACP. A beloved father, grandfather, great-grand-father, friend and mentor, Reverend Johnson has been a guiding light in our community for generations. Always alongside him, First Lady Johnson has been a nurturing mother, grand-mother, great-grandmother, friend and con-fidant. Their union is a dynamic partnership which has been a beautiful example to all. Together, Pastor and First Lady Johnson have turned hearts toward Jesus Christ and his message of Love. They exemplify the words of Thessalonians 1:3, ‘‘We remember before our God and Father your work pro-duced by faith, your labor prompted by love, and your endurance inspired by hope in our Lord Jesus Christ.’’ The congregation of St. Mark’s, their family and our community cele-brate Rev. I.J. and Mrs. Betty Johnson in their life’s work. We congratulate you, reminisce with you, and look toward the future together. 
f 
KARINA ROSALES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Karina Rosales for receiving the Adams County May-ors and Commissioners Youth Award. Karina Rosales is an 11th grader at Mapleton Expeditionary School of the Arts and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Karina Rosales is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Karina Rosales for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ASIAN-PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in observance of Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month. I extend my warm wishes to all Asian-Pacific Americans (APA), whose con-tributions to our society cannot be under-stated. From our unique culture, culinary prac-tices and art, to the construction of vital infra-structure and contributions to science and technology, APA’s have always been at the forefront of American innovation. We as Congress have the ability and duty to recognize these important contributions to our society, and it is my honor and privilege to do so. In 1977, Congress declared the first week of May as Asian-Pacific American Heritage week; and in 1992 passed a resolution that set aside the entire month to recognize APA’s and the many contributions that they have made to American culture, science and indus-try. As the Senior, APA Republican in Con-gress, I want to take this opportunity to cele-brate Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month. I could not be more proud of the influence and contributions of those who came before me. It is their memory and sacrifices that drive me while performing my duties as the Member of Congress who represents American Samoa and I look forward to continuing the important work that they began. Mr. Speaker, I ask all Members of the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in recog-nizing the many contributions that APA’s have made to this great nation and I ask that we carry this spirit throughout the entire year. f 
HONORING MELVIN LEE LOPER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a self-motivated lead-er and innovator of the community, Mr. Melvin Lee Loper, who was born on March 16, 1920 in Finkbine, Mississippi, which is no longer on the map. It was a logging camp for the loggers which was his father’s occupation. His par-ents, the late Marshall and Mamie Loper, later moved to Raymond, Mississippi where they worked as sharecroppers. His only sibling was a younger brother, Otis Loper, who is now de-ceased. In those days, rural schools did not go fur-ther than 8th grade. He lived with a cousin in Jackson, Mississippi to attend high school, and graduated from Lanier High School in 1939. He entered Tougaloo College but was drafted in the United States Army in World War II. He served for four years with a tour of duty in Europe. He returned to Tougaloo Col-lege and completed his studies in 1948 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics. In 1973, he received a Master’s Degree in Administration from Jackson College, after many years of attending summer school and taking classes on Saturdays. That was the way of life to further your education back in the day. He began his teaching career in Smith county; later Sumner Hill High School and Jackson Public Schools. After thirty-three years of teaching he retired in 1985. He con-tinued teaching several years after retirement because Mathematics teachers were always in demand. He has been an active member of Farish Street Baptist Church for 55 years. He served as: Sunday School teacher, a Member of the Boy Scout Committee, and attended Wednes-day night Bible Study faithfully until his recent illness. He has been in the choir for fifty years, and served as Church Treasurer for thirty- three years. He was an original member of the Jackson Tougaloo Alumni Club, organized by the late Mrs. Thelma Sanders forty-four years ago. He was serving as President when the club spon-sored the Broadway play, ‘‘Aint Misbehavin’’ which was a great success. He worked for years with the committee sponsoring the Ebony Fashion Show. He is a loyal supporter of Tougaloo College with his funds and pres-ence, when able. He is married to Gwendolyn Nero Loper and they have three children: Rodney, Larry and Gerrilyn; ten grandchildren and eleven great- grandchildren. His secret to longevity is hard work, attend-ing to your business, being an avid sports fan, and marrying a good cook. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Melvin Lee Loper. f 
LEYDA BELMONTE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Leyda Belmonte for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Leyda Belmonte is a 10th grader at New Heights Academy and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Leyda Belmonte is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Leyda Belmonte for winning the Adams Coun-ty Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CONDEMNING RUSSIAN AGGRESSION 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn recent actions taken by Russia that threaten to destabilize an al-ready tenuous international order. Putin’s interventionist policies that seek to reestablish the Russian Federation as a world power have incited chaos and conflict along NATO’s southern flank. Post-Soviet states once free from the yoke of oppression have been thrust back into civil and economic instability by Rus-sian policies designed to sow discord and dis-trust along NATO’s vulnerable underbelly. Moscow’s invasion of Georgia set in motion what has become an increasingly obvious pat-tern. Russia’s illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014 and ongoing military campaign in the eastern parts of Ukraine have made it clear that Russia is openly proclaiming the redraw-ing of Europe’s borders. Equally troubling, NATO members in Central, Eastern, and Southern Europe continue to face antagonism from Russia, including a substantial military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.018 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE589 April 26, 2016 
buildup in Armenia where Putin has deployed advanced fighter aircraft and attack helicopters just 25 miles from the Turkish border. This is the same NATO border that Russian military aircraft have regularly violated, culminating in the downing of a Russian bomber by Turkish defense forces. I need not remind this House that Turkey is an indispensable ally in the fight against ISIL, and the effort to restore stability in the Middle East. Unnecessary Russian provocations such as this increase the risk of miscalculation and escalation between nuclear powers, and are intended to drive a wedge between NATO allies. Just last week, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg made a symbolic trip to Washington, D.C. where he met with the President and members of the Senate Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committees to discuss the threats posed by an increasingly assertive Russia. I myself moderated a NATO Parliamentary Assembly Panel, where our partners from around the world raised con-cerns about a resurgent Russia, and whether the United States will continue to play its indis-pensable role in ensuring a stable world order. Mr. Speaker, on the bleached bones of great civilizations and nations are written the pathetic words: ‘‘Too little, too late.’’ Ladies and gentlemen, I call on Members of Con-gress to heed these words, and to stand un-daunted in the face of Russian aggression be-fore it is too late. Putin’s escalating aggression in his efforts to project power is a direct threat to our NATO allies and U.S. interests abroad. We must stand with our NATO allies now, more than ever, to ensure that security in the region is maintained. We must pursue peace and diplomacy for the sake of future genera-tions. That peace will only come through uni-fied strength. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JEFFREY E. ‘‘JEFF’’ PHILLIPS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to use this time in recognition of Jeffrey E. ‘‘Jeff’’ Phillips, an extraordinarily gifted lead-er from Leesburg, VA. Mr. Phillips is retiring from the United States Army as a Major Gen-eral in the Army Reserve. Currently, as the Executive Director of the Reserve Officers As-sociation of the United States, Mr. Phillips serves over 50,000 members in promoting the development of national security-minded mili-tary policy to ensure future American security. Prior to joining the ROA, Jeff served his country proudly for nearly 37 years in various positions in the U.S. Army. Mr. Philips was commissioned in the Regular Army in 1979 as a second lieutenant of armor, and eventually commanded an M–1 Abrams tank company in the 2nd Armored Division. Having been de-ployed overseas to Afghanistan, the Balkans, Egypt, Honduras, Israel, Iraq, and Germany, Mr. Phillips always conducted himself in a manner in which he highlighted the American ideals. Years of hard work and dedication to his country led to Mr. Phillips being appointed by President George W. Bush as the Deputy As-sistant Secretary for Public Affairs and White House Liaison for the Department of Veterans Affairs For his service, he has been awarded two Legions of Merit, Two Bronze Stars, an Army Parachutist Badge, and shares the 1988 Nobel Peace Prize for his work with the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Mr. Jeff Phillips for his service and dedication to the United States of America. He is a true patriot, and I wish him all the best on his future endeavors. f 
MATTHEW DE LOA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Matthew De Loa for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Matthew De Loa is a 12th grader at West-minster High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Matthew De Loa is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mat-thew De Loa for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedica-tion and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
HONORING THE CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Corinthian Yacht Club of San Francisco in honor of its 130th anniversary. Located in Tiburon, California, the CYC is the second-oldest yacht club in the western United States, and continues to serve as a premier cultural and sporting center in the Bay Area. Founded in 1886, the CYC sponsors local and international races, hosts more than 35 social events annually, and serves hundreds of members and guests at its dining sites. In particular, the club is known for its Opening Day on the Bay and Blessing of the Fleet events, as well as its spectacular views of the San Francisco Bay. The CYC also participates in and supports several philanthropic causes in Northern Cali-fornia and beyond. They host scholarship fundraising events through their Wooden Boat Show and hold an annual regatta to raise money for lung cancer research. Additionally, they convene sailing seminars for women and an educational speaker series that covers a range of educational and environmental topics. With a record of business success, commit-ment to yachting and boating, and involvement in the community, the historic Corinthian Yacht Club remains a cultural cornerstone that ex-tends beyond the Town of Tiburon. Mr. Speak-er, it is fitting that we honor the Corinthian Yacht Club of San Francisco on their 130th Anniversary for their ongoing contributions to Marin County and the Bay Area. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE EDGEWOOD CHIL-DREN’S RANCH 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the broad impact and faithful service of the Edgewood Children’s Ranch during the past 50 years. As a residen-tial facility in Central Florida that provides a home and education for boys and girls in trou-bled family circumstances, the Edgewood Chil-dren’s Ranch has made a remarkable impres-sion on the lives of the young people who have been under their care. The vision for the Edgewood Children’s Ranch began in 1966 when Juvenile Court Judge D. Arthur Yergey identified the need for a residential home where boys could be placed after displaying negative social behav-iors due to family situations. This realization led Judge Yergey into contact with John W. ‘‘Jack’’ Lynd, who subsequently opened the Edgewood Boys Ranch in Orlando, Florida. Today, 50 years later, the residents Edge-wood Children’s Ranch consist of both boys and girls ages 6–17, with a capacity for 70 children at a time. The Ranch encompasses 110 acres, thanks to the generous donation of ‘‘Aunt’’ Minnie Rouse in 1968. The sprawling acreage is a small symbol of the many hearts and lives that have been changed through the impact of the Edgewood Children’s Ranch. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF GHOST ARMY MEMBER, MR. WALLACE WATSON 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. Wallace Wat-son. Wallace was born in Alpine, Texas and joined the U.S. Army in March 1943 at the age of 19. He was chosen to be a member of the 23rd Headquarters Special Troops, recognized today as the ‘‘Ghost Army’’. The Ghost Army’s World War II operations consisted of deceiving German reconnaissance aircraft and radio interceptors by using only their creativity and a handful of props. The heroic actions of Wal-lace Watson and his fellow soldiers afforded the U.S. Military invaluable positioning throughout the war and saved countless American lives. Upon the conclusion of the war, Wallace moved to Monahans, Texas, where he contin-ued to serve his community by taking on lead-ership roles on the local school board and in his church. On behalf of the 23rd Congres-sional District of Texas, I want to thank Wal-lace for his contributions to the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.021 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE590 April 26, 2016 
and for his dedication to service. May he rest in peace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GENTLE’MEN AGAINST DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND THE SHELTER FOR ABUSED WOMEN AND CHILDREN IN NAPLES 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize three Naples men who have trav-eled 1,256 miles by bicycle from Naples, FL to Washington, DC to raise awareness for Gen-tle’men Against Domestic Violence (GADV), an initiative of The Shelter for Abused Women and Children in Naples, FL. GADV calls on men to stand as equal partners with women to end domestic violence. GADV seeks to prevent the generational cycle of abuse through prevention programs such as Raising Gentle’men, a school-based curriculum, which teaches boys and young men that strength does not equal violence and true gentle’men exhibit the traits of respect, loyalty, honesty and accountability. GADV dis-pels myths of masculinity as based on aggres-sion, and is working toward a cultural shift that will eliminate domestic violence. GADV is associated with The Shelter for Abused Women and Children in Naples, which does excellent work as well. The shelter not only operates as a haven for survivors of do-mestic violence, but performs outreach and operates prevention programs in the commu-nity. The work that the shelter does has touched countless lives, strengthened the community, and drawn praise from various sectors of the South Florida community, in-cluding schools, police officers, and those in-volved with the judicial system. According to the National Council Against Domestic Violence, one in four women have been victims of some form of physical violence by an intimate partner in their lifetime. Num-bers like that are far too high. We have a re-sponsibility to continue to create policy that prevents, protects and prevails over domestic violence. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Colin Estrem, Gordon Kellam and Glen Schwesinger for their mission to raise aware-ness for the Gentle’men Against Domestic Vi-olence program and The Shelter for Abused Women and Children in Naples, and I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to this worthy cause. 
f 
SUPPORTING EARTH DAY 2016 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate Earth Day, the day set aside to honor our planet and formerly renamed as International Mother Earth Day, in 2009 by the United Nations. For more than four decades, Earth Day has brought Americans together to honor our moral responsibility to preserve our planet, protect our environment, and address the pressing challenge of climate change. Across the country, families and students spend this day serving their communities, cleaning up their neighborhoods, promoting conservation, and participating in the effort to ensure clean air, clean water, and a cleaner planet. The first Earth Day was celebrated on April 22, 1970, originating in the United States, and becoming recognized worldwide by 1990. On the very first Earth Day, 46 years ago, 20 million people gathered in the streets of America to protest the environmental damage caused by industrialization and gave birth to the environmental movement. Every year on April 22, men, women, and children collect garbage, plant trees, clean up coral reefs, hold teach-ins, sign petitions, and plan for a better future for our planet. I commend the schools and communities celebrating Earth Day for a whole week to ex-pand the time frame that people focus on the earth and how they can preserve it. On Earth Day 2012, more than 100,000 people rode bikes in China to reduce CO2 emissions and save fuel. In an Earth Day celebration in 2011, 28 mil-lion trees were planted in Afghanistan by the Earth Day Network. In Panama, 100 endangered species of or-chids were planted and maintained to prevent their extinction in honor of Earth Day. This Earth Day we must take the oppor-tunity to act to keep America number one in science, technology, and renewable energy. For Congress, Earth Day must be a moment to build on American efforts to invest in clean energy jobs, to strengthen industries of inno-vation, to decrease harmful emissions, to cut energy costs for consumers, and to reduce our dependence on foreign oil. This day must represent a clarion call to renew our commitment to defend our natural resources and reverse the ill effects of climate change. On Earth Day, Democrats and Republicans should commit to working side-by-side with the American people to create a future of sustain-ability for our children and grandchildren, pros-perity and opportunity for our families and communities, and security and energy inde-pendence for generations to come. I urge all Members to join me in celebrating our planet and assuring a longer and healthier life for all creatures inhabiting her bountiful realm. f 
HONORING CALVARY M. B. CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a church family whose desire is to do God’s will, Calvary M. B. Church. Calvary M. B. Church has served the Yazoo County community over a century through faith and service. Calvary M. B. Church desire is to bring peo-ple closer to the Lord. They want to build the foundation of faith in young people and remind the Yazoo community that anything is possible through love, faith and prayer. Calvary, located on Broadway, began wel-coming the community to its services over 100 years ago. November 15, 2015 will mark 131 years of praise, prayer and worship. On April 1, 1889 a small group purchased a lot for $50 which became the site of Calvary. For an additional $35, another lot was pur-chased along with the original and this site would later develop into the modern day church. According to church history notes the first pastor was Rev. Phillips. As the years pro-gressed the congregation grew, even amidst growth, there were challenges. Small fires struck the church. Over the years several pas-tors called Calvary home. But it seemed like perfect timing when Pastor RaSean O. Thom-as arrived at Calvary in 2009. Pastor Thomas is a product of Calvary. Calvary has a rich history within the Yazoo community, its recent ministries and growth show what can be done through strong prayer and fellowship. Currently, the church has two hundred members and growing. The church has Sunday School, morning worship every Sunday, Wednesday night Bible Study, month-ly street evangelism and prayer services, out-reach project health fairs, men and women empowerment conferences and other min-istries. There is always something going on in-side the walls of Calvary. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Calvary M. B. Church for its dedication to serving the community and doing God’s will. f 
CELEBRATING THE 68TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL 
HON. E. SCOTT RIGELL 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. RIGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to submit a statement on behalf of my con-stituent, Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman. Rabbi Zoberman is the Founding Rabbi of Congrega-tion Beth Chaverim in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Rabbi Zoberman asked me to submit the fol-lowing remarks: 
As we celebrate the 68th Anniversary of the State of Israel, heir to the Jewish peo-ple’s long and proud legacy of the spirit up-lifting humanity, it remains an enlightened Western island of progressive values retain-ing its democratic essence in a wide sea of barbarism and backwardness begrudging the survival of the world’s only Jewish state. In fact, no other democratic nation-state’s very existence is questioned except Israel’s. This is in spite of its enduring roots in its historic land, and world renowned accom-plishments in the arts, sciences, and high- tech industries. It proved an unrivaled abil-ity to rise from two millennia of exile, op-pression, and an unparalleled Holocaust con-suming a third of the Jewish people. Israel’s renewed emergence against great odds is an affirmation of the transforming power of hope, and the rightful restoration of the Jewish people’s human dignity and standing in the community of nations. It is the divine fulfillment of prophetic promise, with the challenging mandate and expectation to cre-ate a model society. Today’s troubled Middle East, home of hu-manity’s inspiring Biblical Exodus, is in dire need of replacing degradation with dignity, and unremitting terrorism with humane 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.017 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE591 April 26, 2016 
teachings. We remain mindful of the unabated genocidal Syrian tragedy of Presi-dent Bashar Al-Assad’s making with critical Iranian and Russian support. The recurrence of brutal Palestinian terrorism which con-stantly claims Israeli lives is cruelly re-warded by the Palestinian Authority’s lead-ership. On numerous occasions, terrorists are honored as martyrs while they totally dis-regard human life. One of the many victims, 29 year old Tay-lor Force from Lubbock, Texas, a non-Jewish graduate student from Vanderbilt Univer-sity, was knifed to death in Jaffa, close to where visiting Vice President and Mrs. Jo-seph Biden were dining at the time. Force, a graduate of West Point, served combat tours in Afghanistan and Iraq. When confronted with a tragic Jewish terrorist attack on the Palestinian Dawabsheh family, which claimed three lives, there was rightly shocked condemnation from all echelons of Israeli society. Will President Mahmoud Abbas fmally reach out to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s call for direct nego-tiations for a two-state solution to the fes-tering conflict in a raging region, with a de-militarized Palestinian State and a recogni-tion of its neighboring Jewish State? For the sake of all, let not the Palestinians miss this opportunity too. This past November 4, 2015, we observed the 20th Anniversary of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin’s watershed assas-sination. With its profound lessons, I re-flected by reading this verse: ‘‘Rest in peace, Guarded by the stones You liberated thrice- Twice in war And once in hope. Jerusalem is thy faithful Wall that won’t breach, Friend of Shalom.’’ Last February I attended the 127th Annual Convention of the Central Conference of American Rabbis (Reform), which meets in Israel every seven years, to attest to their abiding bond with the State of Israel. I joy-fully participated in an egalitarian worship service at the Southern extension of the Western Wall which has been allotted for non-Orthodox Jewish practice. This com-promised arrangement was government sanc-tioned, while hurdles unfortunately persist. Significant progress toward pluralistic reli-gious Jewish expression has been made due to Israel’s Supreme Court intervention. Much is at stake, acknowledging the cou-rageous and tenacious struggle for accept-ance by the Women of the Wall. There is, however, a fringe but dangerous Jewish group calling to replace Israel’s democracy with a ‘‘Judean Monarchy.’’ It is a wonder that Israel, saddled with existential concerns that few other countries deal with, remains a shining exemplar of light and perseverance. The recent rescue, of 17 Jews, with American aid, including Rabbi Suleiman Bin Yaqoub, from war-torn Yemen, one of Jewry’s most ancient communities, tells of the difference Israel makes. Surely its vital bond of shared values and common interests with the USA is an essential one for both democracies. I am particularly alarmed by Iran and its proxies, the deadly global reach of ISIS, the destructive Boycott, Divestment and Sanc-tions movement, European anti-Semitism, and the United Nations’ double standard against Israel. The poignant words of the late Prime Minister Golda Meir are reveal-ing, ‘‘We owe a responsibility not only to those who are in Israel but also to those gen-erations that are no more, to those millions that have died within our lifetime, to Jews all over the world and generations of Jews to come. We hate war. We don’t rejoice in vic-tories. We rejoice when a new kind of cotton is grown and when strawberries bloom in Israel.’’ I speak as a refugee born in Chu, Kazakhstan (USSR) in November 1945, to Polish Holocaust survivors. There I spent my early childhood in Displaced Persons Camps in Austria and Germany before moving to Israel in 1949. The current suffering of mil-lions of refugees from Syria, Iraq, Afghani-stan and elsewhere should move us all to car-ing action with caution, but not allowing for moral paralysis. Innocent sufferers are clos-est to God’s aching heart. I am connecting my own family and people’s anguish with that of the Syrians’ plight: ‘‘My mother, a Holocaust survivor, Was young like you Scared Syrian sister, When she too got scarred By the pain of stinging tears, The beauty marks of refugees. May you also find peace At this confounding time, In a world abandoning you Too lonely child.’’ We remember the million and a half Jew-ish children who were murdered in the Holo-caust only because they were Jewish and held a promise for a noble future. ‘‘My two year old first cousin, Rachel-Leah, Whose great- grandmother, and mine, Rachel-Leah, Was first cousin to President Chaim Weitzmann’s mother, Ra-chel-Leah, Was too young to Know the family bond, But not too young to die By toasted hand grenades Led to the pits of slaughter In August 1942 With older brothers Aarale and Yisrael And parents Bas-Malka and Shechina, In Sarny, the Ukraine, By those who begrudged our Jewish people’s pedigree.’’ President John F. Kennedy coined this im-mortal message, ‘‘Israel was not created to disappear—Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.’’ f 
CELEBRATING IVANHOE DONALDSON 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the life of Ivanhoe Donaldson, who passed on April 3, 2016. Ivanhoe Donald-son was born and raised in the Harlem section of New York City. He went south to join the civil rights movement and became a leader in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Com-mittee (SNCC). I first knew Ivanhoe as a young man and a leading civil rights activist. Like several movement activists, Ivanhoe moved to the District of Columbia, attracted by the city’s home-rule aspirations. Ivanhoe took risks as an SNCC activist and went on to build a reputation for political savvy in the 1960s and 1970s. He became a leading operative in Julian Bond’s bid for a seat in the Georgia House of Representatives, Richard Hatcher’s mayoral campaign in Gary, Indiana, and Marion Barry’s campaign for office in D.C., which ushered in a new era of black po-litical leadership. Ivanhoe leaves many friends across the country from the civil rights move-ment to many residents of the District of Co-lumbia. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to please join me in celebrating the life of Ivanhoe Donald-son, who gave the best years of his life to the struggle for civil rights in the United States and to the fight for home rule in the District of Columbia. f 
HONORING PASTOR JEFFERY J. FUGATE 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special individual, Pastor Jeffery J. Fugate, on the twenty fifth anniversary of his ministry at Clays Mill Road Baptist Church in Lexington, Kentucky. Pastor Fugate was saved at the age of five. When he was seven years old, Fugate’s father started the Bible Baptist Church in Hazard, Kentucky. His father passed away when Fugate was twenty one, and Fugate became the church’s new pastor. Pastor Fugate was called to Clays Mill Road Baptist Church in May of 1991. There were eighteen people in attendance at his first serv-ice. The church has grown to an average at-tendance of over 2,200 during the fall of 2013. Clays Mill Road Baptist Church has under-gone many building and expansion projects to accommodate the growth, including the pur-chase and remodeling of an old motel on a beautiful 23 acre site. The church runs a very successful youth camp ministry and an exten-sive bus ministry. Fugate is the author of five books. He ap-pears on the ‘‘Voice of the Appalachians’’ radio broadcast and travels often to preach at conferences, rallies, and revival meetings. Fugate holds two honorary doctorate degrees; a Doctorate of Divinity and a Doctor of Hu-manities. Dr. Fugate is married to the former Michelle Cornett. They have five children. Pastor Fugate has dedicated his life to serv-ing God and to saving souls for Christ. He has touched many lives during his ministry and I wish him all the best on his twenty fifth anni-versary at Clays Mill Road Baptist Church. I am proud to recognize and honor him before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT HILL YOUTH FOUNDATION, INC. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the Robert Hill Youth Foundation, Inc., Charleston, MS inside of Tallahatchie County, MS. The Robert Hill Youth Foundation, Inc. began in the early 1980’s by Mr. Robert Hill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.025 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE592 April 26, 2016 
It was initially conceived with the idea of sim-ply being a sports organization for youth fo-cusing on baseball. The organization eventu-ally ceased being active after the death of Mr. Hill in 1991. In the year 2000, Mr. Cedric Terry revived the organization because the youth in the community didn’t have many options for con-structive activities and adult mentoring. He took on the task of recruiting children and par-ent’s involvement. Mr. Terry was successful by getting 9 boys excited about playing baseball for the summer and competing. Their team would travel and they would be role models for other youth. Everyone had to pledge to abide by the rules, get good grades in school, and participate in an award ceremony at the end of the season. Mr. Terry’s vision was just what the youth in the community needed to take the Robert Hill Youth Foundation to the next level. It was just what Mr. Hill always wanted the organization to be. The organization grew and became a huge success serving over 10,000 boys and girls. The effort was so well received that it at-tracted youth not just inside Charleston, but they came from miles outside the area. It now has extended its activities to include edu-cation, recreation and arts for youth in the area. Through their education program they offer: Abstinence Education, After School Tutoring, and Fatherhood Preparation. Their recreation program offers: basketball, football, baseball and track. The arts program includes: praise dancing, dancing and acting classes. Since 2000 through 2015 the organization has been responsible for helping over 500 boys and girls in the area attend and receive a college education. Their accolades are just as impressive. In fact, there are too many to name them all. A few of them include constructing the first park in Charleston in order to be home based for the youth. All they had to do was walk to the park and ‘‘Play ball!’’ Thanks to the Robert Hill Youth Foundation their work has reached all corners of youth life. In 2011 the Charleston High School Tigers Football Team won its 1st State Football Championship. Almost ninety percent of the players came from the Robert Hill Youth Foundation. In 2012 the Charleston High School Lady Tigers Basketball Team was the runner up in the Girls Basketball State Tournament. And over ninety-five percent of the girls played for the Robert Hill Youth Foun-dation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today, in recognizing the Robert Hill Youth Foundation, an asset to Tallahatchie County in the Second Congressional District of Mis-sissippi. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 2016 NATIONAL WOM-EN’S HISTORY MONTH HONOREE SISTER MARY MADONNA ASH-TON, CSJ 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sister Mary Madonna Ashton, CSJ, who has earned the prominent distinction of being named a 2016 National Women’s History Month Honoree by the National Wom-en’s History Project. This esteemed honor be-fits a woman who has dedicated her life to being a leader, advocate and policy-maker in the quest for equal access to health care for all in Minnesota and throughout the United States. Raised as an Episcopalian, Sister Mary Ma-donna converted to Catholicism while attend-ing what is now Saint Catherine University in Saint Paul, Minnesota. After graduating and receiving a Masters of Social Work, she be-came a Sister of Saint Joseph of Carondelet, serving as a social worker at Saint Joseph’s Hospital then later as an administrator at Saint Mary’s Hospital after earning a second Mas-ter’s degree. She was named President and CEO of Saint Mary’s Hospital and stayed in that role for twenty years until her retirement in 1982. Sister Mary Madonna’s first attempt at re-tirement was short lived. In 1983, Governor Rudy Perpich appointed her as the State Commissioner of Health. The appointment of the first woman and first non-physician as Health Commissioner was controversial at first. However, Sister Mary Madonna quickly earned respect from critics and supporters alike, by effectively challenging the tobacco in-dustry and leading the state response to the onset of the AIDS crisis. During her two terms as Commissioner, she made Minnesota a pio-neer in efforts to combat tobacco use. Our state was among the first to outlaw smoking in places of employment, hospitals and res-taurants, a monumental legal and public health victory that would start a national move-ment. She also led the way in using state funding to combat underage smoking, ulti-mately leading to the Minnesota Twins remov-ing all tobacco advertisements from its sta-dium and Northwest (now Delta) Airlines ban-ning smoking on domestic flights. Since completing her appointment as Com-missioner in 1991, Sister Mary Madonna has continued to serve those in need. She led the creation of Saint Mary’s Health Clinics in order to provide quality health care for those without insurance. The clinics continue today with the same mission and serve as a reminder that though we have made much progress in mak-ing health care affordable and available to all, more work needs to be done. As a National Women’s History Month Hon-oree, Sister Mary Madonna stands as one of 16 notable women who exemplify the National Women’s History Project’s 2016 theme of ‘‘Working to Form a More Perfect Union: Hon-oring Women in Public Service and Govern-ment.’’ Sister Mary Madonna and these other honorees join the company of such female trailblazers as Rosa Parks, Abigail Adams, El-eanor Roosevelt and Billie Jean King. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Sister Mary Ma-donna Ashton, CSJ of Saint Paul, Minnesota and all 16 Honorees for their commitment to public service and advocacy for others. These women stand as shining examples for all women and men for their dedication to the common good. HONORING CALLAWAY HIGH SCHOOL HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Callaway High School that is located at 601 Beasley Road in Jack-son, Mississippi. Callaway is one of seven high schools in the Jackson Public School Dis-trict, the largest school district in the state of Mississippi. Built in 1966, Callaway was named after the late Robert M. Callaway, a Lafayette County native. He began his career teaching Choctaw Indians in the mountains of McCurtain County, Oklahoma. Before assuming duties as prin-cipal of Liberty Grove School, later H.V. Wat-kins Elementary in Jackson, he taught at Dar-ling in Quitman County and Pocahontas in Hinds County. He was principal at Watkins from 1936–1956. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Callaway High School. 
f 
HONORING MARY LOU HOFFMAN 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor Mary Lou Hoffman for her 53 years of outstanding service to the educational community. Mary Lou announced that she will be retiring on July 1, 2016 from St. Anthony School in Manteca, California. Graduating from California State University Chico, Mary Lou had found her passion in education and pursued a profession as a teacher. After college, she spent two years at Annunciation School in Stockton, where she began her lifelong career. For twelve years, she was a teacher at local public schools. In 2005, Mary Lou became Principal of St. Anthony School, Diocese of Stockton. As the Principal, she made a tremendous impact on the students, families and faculty. The Pastor, Patrick Walker fondly stated, ‘‘Our principal, Mary Lou Hoffman, has made significant strides to make St. Anthony’s school better in the past decade.’’ Through her many years of dedicated serv-ice, Mary Lou has touched the lives of thou-sands of children. She is not only an excep-tional role model but provides a positive insti-tution of learning to her students. Mary Lou’s heart has deeply resided in education and her great accomplishments have demonstrated her tremendous impact. Mary Lou loved her profession, but she is looking forward to spending time with her hus-band, three children, six grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing Principal Mary Lou Hoffman for her many years of service and outstanding contributions to the lives of her students, peers, and our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.028 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE593 April 26, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LENOX HILL DEMOCRATIC CLUB 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the Lenox Hill Democratic Club (LHDC) on the occasion of its 60th Anniversary Annual Fundraiser and Dinner with special guest General David H. Petraeus, ret. LHDC has been committed to increasing citizen participation in the political process in the Yorkville neighborhood of Man-hattan’s East Side. LHDC was founded in 1956 as part of the Democratic Reform Movement that sought to challenge the power of Tammany Hall’s Democratic Machine in New York City. Since that time, LHDC has remained committed to empowering citizens to become better in-formed about the policy issues which affect them. LHDC has also often organized can-didate forums so that citizens have a chance to hear from the candidates and raise their concerns and policy priorities. Lenox Hill also regularly invites current elected officials to speak with their members. Currently, LHDC represents Part A of the 76th Assembly District which includes Manhat-tan’s Yorkville neighborhood as well as parts of Sutton Place and Roosevelt Island. LHDC is made up of a vibrant and diverse group of New Yorkers who share a common commit-ment to civic engagement and progressive ideals. LHDC has truly been a force in effect-ing progressive change in Manhattan. LHDC and its members are actively en-gaged in ever aspect of the political process. From providing volunteers for campaign phone banks and street campaigning to collecting the petition signatures required under State law for a candidate’s name to appear on the bal-lot, LHDC serves an essential role in the democratic process in New York City. For 60 years, LHDC has been an important part of the political landscape on Manhattan’s East Side. LHDC’s proud tradition is thriving under the stewardship of current President Bob Menna, District Leaders Hon. John Halebian and Hon. Jill Eisner, and State Com-mitteewoman Hon. Ruth Halberg. These dedi-cated civic leaders work tirelessly to ensure that LHDC continues to play a significant role in Manhattan politics. LHDC’s special guest, Four Star General David H. Petraeus, is a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and Princeton’s Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs. Gen. Petraeus served in the United States Army for 37 years during which time he oversaw the United States Central Command and the International Security Assistance Force Afghanistan among numerous other command postings. Following his active military service, Gen. Petraeus was nominated by President Barack Obama and unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate to serve as the Director of the Central Intel-ligence Agency. In 2013, he joined the invest-ment firm KKR where he is the Chairman of the KKR Global Institute. Gen. Petraeus teaches at the City University of New York Macaulay Honors College, University of South-ern California, and at Harvard University’s Belfer Center. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the history and accomplish-ments of the Lenox Hill Democratic Club. For sixty years, its members have worked hard to effect the change they would like to see in their neighborhood, City, and Nation. 
f 
HONORING WILLIE RENE LEFLORE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Ms. Willie Rene Leflore. Ms. Leflore is a lifetime resident of Sun-flower County, Mississippi. Ms. Leflore is a soldier encouraging others to sign up and be counted. In her words, ‘‘Gone are the days of nurturing, chopping, hoeing, hauling water pails, getting up early, catching Bill Henderson’s bus, etcetera, to work from sun up to sun down for $3.15 daily’’. Growing up, Ms. Leflore wanted to be free to enter the front doors of Labella Restaurant and ride at the front of the Greyhound bus. So, Ms. Leflore took a stand, and marched be-side Cora Stone Johnson, Nelson Dotson, John Richardson, Lene and others for her civil rights. Ms. Leflore is a soldier for what is right. She believes in receiving the same privileges and rights as other races. She believes that all adults have their own mind to decide on what they want to participate in as long as it is right. She fought for that privilege. It was an ac-quired desire to march beside others who shared the same belief Ms. Leflore worked, never missing a day un-less she was sick. When she became ill, she had to retire. She has received numerous commendations as a loyal supporter of all ath-letic activities at Gentry High School. To this day, she still uses the phone as her legs and mouth, encouraging others to stand and show themselves approved. She believes that standing for what you believe in regardless, of the odds against you, and the pressure that tears at your resistance means courage, which is what she had to constantly remind herself of. She always kept a smile on her face, even when on the inside she felt like dying. She stopped at nothing. Doing what was instilled in her heart, is to make another’s life a little more bearable. When she was in the moment, she was loyal, she wasn’t selfish and she kept her head high. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Willie Rene Leflore for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
f 
INTRODUCING A RESOLUTION TO RECOGNIZE JUNE AS NATIONAL MEN’S CANCER AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight an issue that is of growing concern: cancer that is specific to men. Cancer is a deadly disease that does not discriminate. It impacts all demographics and every segment of our population. However, what I find extremely alarming is that one in two men will be diagnosed with cancer over the course of their lifetimes. Men face a 43.31 percent lifetime risk of being diagnosed with some form of cancer. Statistics show that men have a 22.83 percent chance of dying from cancer versus 19.26 percent of women. The Centers for Disease Control estimates that nearly 300,000 men die annually as a re-sult of cancer. Various cancers are claiming the lives of males of all races and ages at an alarming rate. I will add, though, those African American men have the highest cancer inci-dence and mortality rates according the CDC. It is time for the Members of Congress to do our part to shine the light on this deadly dis-ease that is plaguing the men of our commu-nities. These men are our fathers, grand-fathers, uncles, children, and nephews. No one should ever be put in a position to have to bury their child. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Resolution to Recognize June as Na-tional Men’s Cancer Awareness Month. From prostate and colon cancer to lung and skin cancer, our nation needs to be more aware of what we can do to prevent, detect, and treat these fatal illnesses. Bringing about this awareness on an annual basis will aid in slow-ing the rate of cancer related fatalities. f 
HONORING EDWARD G. NELSON 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, the city of Nashville and the state of Tennessee lost a civic giant earlier this month, banker and phi-lanthropist Edward G. Nelson. Ed Nelson was not only a pillar of the com-munity, he was our foundation. He financed much of the growth of Nashville and imagined the ‘It’ city before we became one. Ed’s expertise and skill in banking, finance and international relations shaped the eco-nomic development of Middle Tennessee, and his philanthropic efforts have touched count-less lives. Serving on dozens of local, national and international boards, Ed had the vision and will to make things happen. His success and leadership were notably recognized when the Bank of China invited him for a formal visit shortly after diplomatic relations were estab-lished in the 1970s. Ed’s service as a U.S. military intelligence officer in Japan led to his insatiable desire to foster U.S.-Japan relations. Because of his tireless work, Nashville is now home to a Jap-anese Consul General and many Japanese businesses. In 2008, the Japanese govern-ment awarded him one of its most prestigious awards—the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon. Mr. Speaker, the city of Nashville is forever grateful to Ed Nelson for his service. Ed was a kind and wonderful gentleman and the best of the South. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.032 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE594 April 26, 2016 
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY, TEMA POSALSKA BAUER 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent, Tema Posalska Bauer, on the occasion of her upcoming 100th birthday. Her birthday is especially notable in light of her miraculous survival through the horrors she endured during World War II. At the time that the Nazis invaded Poland in September of 1939, Tema was a young woman of 23 living with her elderly parents and her next oldest sister, Sarah, in the City of Lodz, a city that was home at the time to the second largest Jewish population in Po-land. At the time, she had seven other older brothers and sisters who were married with children and living in smaller towns near Lodz. With the occupation by the Nazis, the sib-lings feared for the safety of their elderly par-ents and decided that it would be safer for the parents to move to the smaller town where one sister, Gucia, was living with her husband and three sons. Sarah accompanied them on the trip, and Tema was to close the house and follow after the winter. However, before the winter ended, the Nazis created a Jewish ghetto in Lodz in which all Jews had to reside and from which no Jews could leave. Tema never saw her parents or her sister Sarah again. She worked in the Ghetto for four years until she was deported in December of 1943 to a slave labor camp at Skarzysko-Kamienna. Normally a two-hour train ride from Lodz to Skarzysko-Kamienna, the trip actually took three full days. The women were packed into the freight train cars so tightly that there was no room to sit, no water, no food and no bath-room facilities. With the Russians approaching from the west, Skarzysko-Kamienna was liquidated in August of 1944 and the women were sent by freight trains to a slave labor camp in Leipzig, Germany. During an Allied bombing of the camp in February of 1945, Tema was in-jured—her right arm being severed at the elbow. Though antibiotics were unavailable, she had great luck and strength and survived. Two months later, the camp was liquidated, and she began what turned out to be a six- day death march, that she again miraculously survived. After liberation, she made her way back to Lodz where she found out that of her parents, eight brothers and sisters, their seven spouses and her eighteen nieces and nephews, all had been murdered by the Nazis, most of them gassed to death in the extermination camp at Chelmno—their bodies reduced to ash and bones in the crematoria. She eventually encountered a man she had known in the Ghetto, Morris Bauer. He told her that she need not be worried about the fu-ture because he would always take care of her. And, for the rest of his life, he did until he was no longer able to take care of himself. They married and then spent almost four years in a displaced persons camp waiting to emigrate to the United States. They arrived in the United States on October 1, 1949 and set-tled in Chicago. Tema’s beloved husband, Morris, passed away in 1995 shortly before their 50th wed-ding anniversary from complications from Alz-heimer’s. She has lived to enjoy her expand-ing family of two sons, three grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren. She remains mentally sharp with an amazing memory and with a keen interest in current events and poli-tics. Tema’s 100th birthday is May 5th—the same day the world will observe Holocaust Remembrance Day. As Tema gathers with her family that day to remember and mourn the six million Jews who perished in the Holo-caust, including her and Morris’ parents, sib-lings, nieces and nephews, her family also will celebrate the miraculous life and remarkable courage and luck of their family’s matriarch, Tema Posalska Bauer. Her life is a blessing and an inspiration to her family and to all who know her. 
f 
HONORING CURTIS HILL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent, Mr. Curtis Hill. Curtis Hill is the proud son of parents, Olivia Hill and Curtis Robinson; He has one, as he states, ‘‘nerve racking little sibling’’ that he loves dearly, Curshivia Robinson. Curtis Hill is entering his senior year at Holmes County Central High School (2015– 2016) and has been a Youth Organizer with Nollie Jenkins Family Center, a grassroots community-based organization, for the past four years. With the help of his high school Curtis has been in position to receive numer-ous scholarships, most recently, he received the American Legion Scholarship, sponsored by Oratorical Competition in which he placed 2nd in the Area Competition; and Boys State, where he put his leadership skills to a test by role playing as if he was campaigning in a fic-tional state called Magnolia for the prestigious office of Lt. Governor. Curtis has also been chosen by the Electric Power Association, Yazoo Valley Electric Power Association, as one of two leaders to compete for scholarships and travel to Wash-ington, D.C. Although, his school has provided him with these opportunities, the ground work was fertilely laid as a result of his community organizing work with the Nollie Jenkins Family Center. Through his work as a Youth Organizer, Curtis has developed career ready skills: pub-lic speaking, campaign development, facilita-tion, writing/creating resumes, and peer medi-ation. These skills proved to be of value when Curtis was chosen as a recipient of the Mar-guerite Casey Foundation’s Sargent Shriver Youth Warriors Against Poverty Award. In contrast to all of his scholarly achieve-ments, Curtis holds nothing closer to his heart than his ministry in mime, for this heart warm-er and barrier breaker is a way for Curtis to feel closer and at one with his King, Jehovah God. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Curtis Hill who gives back to his community, encourages others to do more than what’s common and makes a dif-ference in his community. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on April 26, 2016, I was unavoidably detained and missed roll call votes 164 and 165. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call 164, the Combating Terrorist Recruit-ment Act, and ‘‘yes’’ on roll call 165, the In-vestor Clarity and Bank Parity Act. Despite missing the vote, I remain strongly opposed to H.R. 4820, the Combating Ter-rorist Recruitment Act. As a former Homeland Security official and a Member of the House Intelligence Committee, I understand the im-portance of a complete intelligence picture to counterterrorism operations. As this bill indi-cates, part of understanding threats to our homeland is receiving testimony from re-formed terrorists. Responsible collection would involve looking at threats from every angle, in-cluding Islamic, right wing, environmental and other types of extremism. This bill fails in that regard, choosing instead to focus on those as-sociated with foreign terrorist organizations. This bill also plays into a disturbing narrative that Muslims are the sole source of terrorism in the United States. The reality, supported by academic research and federal agency testi-mony, is that the threat from right wing extre-mism is even more pervasive. While the at-tacks in Chattanooga and San Bernardino were carried out by Muslim extremists, the at-tacks at a church in Charleston and a Sikh temple in Wisconsin were by right wing ex-tremists. Extremism, regardless of ideological basis, is dangerous and must be countered. Further perpetrating a false narrative about the outsized threat posed by Muslims does noth-ing but promote fear of American Muslims and ostracize them in communities across our country. It is important for us to remember that an at-tack by a sovereign citizen or racial suprema-cist is just as devastating as an attack by a Muslim terrorist. If Congress hopes to strengthen our national security apparatus, rather than stoke fear, we should be looking for every possible opportunity to balance our counterterrorism efforts. We need to look at all threats, both foreign and domestic. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing the votes held on April 26th, 2016, I was inescapably detained and away handling im-portant matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted: Yes on H.R. 4096—Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act, and Yes on H.R. 4820— Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.036 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE595 April 26, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF STRATFORD PORTUGUESE HALL 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Stratford Portuguese Hall Asso-ciation on its 100th anniversary of service to our community. The Stratford Portuguese Hall Association was founded in December 1915, when a group of Portuguese immigrants from the Azores Islands assembled to join the Brother-hood of the Divine Holy Spirit in the commu-nity of Stratford, California. In 2010, several Portuguese fraternal organizations, including the Brotherhood of the Divine Holy Spirit, con-solidated to form the Portuguese Fraternal So-ciety of America. Stratford Portuguese Hall brought the ‘‘Festa’’ weekend traditions of serving sopas, dancing, and parades to Stratford for the first time in 1916. The celebrations can be traced back to medieval Portugal when Queen Isabel made offerings of food and festival to the peo-ple in 1296. Since 1916, these Portuguese tra-ditions have been shared with the community of Stratford. The goal of the ‘‘Festa’’ is to honor the past, celebrate the present, and en-courage the future, while celebrating the Por-tuguese culture. To reach a 100-year milestone is a remark-able achievement, and Stratford Portuguese Hall Association has had to overcome many challenges to reach this point, including a dev-astating fire that destroyed the Hall in 2003. However, the Hall was able to meet the chal-lenges it was presented with, and continues to serve our community today. As the son of Por-tuguese immigrants, I am proud of this incred-ible achievement. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in recog-nizing Stratford Portuguese Hall on their 100th anniversary and wishing them a happy ‘‘Festa’’ this year. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COACH DAVID POLLARD 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a man of purpose, sincerity, and high character, Coach David Pollard. Sadly and tragically, Coach Pollard passed away on April 18, 2016, as a result of a senseless accident. His funeral services were held on Sunday, April 24, 2016 at 3 pm at Cascade Hills Church in Columbus, Georgia. Coach Pollard was born on March 28, 1980 in Columbus, Georgia to the union of Terry and Sandra Pollard Render. He was a 1998 graduate of Shaw High School and 2002 grad-uate of Albany State University with a Bach-elor’s Degree in Psychology. He was pursuing a Master’s Degree in Psychology from Colum-bus State University. He was a highly respected educator and coach with stops as a community coach at Jordan Vocational High School and he was serving as a teacher and the Head Baseball Coach at George Washington Carver High School at the time of his passing. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘How far you go in life depends on your being ten-der with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and toler-ant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.’’ Coach David Pollard understood these les-sons very well. He dedicated his life to helping others—es-pecially our most precious resources—young people. He used the season of his life to help others to reach their full potential. He was dedicated to his craft as both a teacher and a coach. His engaging personality and steadfast faith in God as a member of Central Baptist Church made him a person that was admired and respected by all that came in contact with him. Coach Pollard was universally respected by his peers in the baseball coaching frater-nity. He was loved by his players, students and colleagues. But, he knew that his life would be measured not by wins and losses on a sports field but by the difference he made in the lives of his students and players. We all can learn so much from the life of Coach David Pollard. We must live everyday as if it were our last. Treat all people with dig-nity and respect and make a difference in the lives of others. His greatest role in life was that of a dedi-cated husband and father. Just as he dem-onstrated a great love for people, he dem-onstrated an even greater love for his family. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian and me, along with more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District in extending condolences to his wife, Adrienne, his daughter Joy and his entire fam-ily. ‘‘To God Be the Glory’’ for the life of Coach David Pollard for his contributions to the betterment of humankind. f 
TRIBUTE TO JACQUES ‘JACK’ YEAGER 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to the remarkable Jacques ‘Jack’ Yeager who passed away in California on Wednesday, April 20, 2016. Jack was a pillar of the community in Riverside, California, and he will be deeply missed. Born in Riverside in 1921, Jack went to local schools and graduated from Poly High School in 1939. While attending college at UC Berkeley, Jack left school to join the U.S. Navy Seabees and eventually helped build air-ports throughout the South Pacific during World War II. Jack eventually returned home to join the family construction business, E. L. Yeager Construction Company, which was founded by his father. At Yeager Construction, Jack worked alongside his brothers, Dick and Gene, and played an important role in the growth and success of the company. Yeager Construction was responsible for building many significant highway and other construc-tion projects in Southern California and around the country. I had the privilege of working to-gether with Jack on a number of projects and causes over the years, and felt fortunate to see his passion and dedication to improving our community first-hand. In 1948, Jack Yeager married Mary Barbara Gibbs and the couple had two sons and three daughters. Mary passed away in 1990. Later, Jack would marry Helen Hays, who died in 2009. As an active member of his community, Jack participated in a number of organizations, often in a leadership role, including: Co-found-er and member of the Monday Morning Group, Board Member of the Riverside Community Hospital Foundation, Board Member of the UC Riverside Citizens University Committee, member of the Riverside County Transpor-tation Commission, Board Member of the March Field Museum Foundation, and Board Member of the UC Board of Regents. The way in which Jack lived his life should serve as reminder that the power of an indi-vidual with drive, perseverance and a strong work ethic can do great things. His dedication to his work, family, and community are a tes-tament to a life well lived and a legacy that will continue. I was proud to call Jack my friend and I will deeply miss him. I extend my condo-lences to Jack’s family and friends; although Jack may be gone, the many incredible con-tributions he made to our region and the coun-try remain and will never be forgotten. f 
REMEMBERING THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to re-member the Armenian Genocide, which began 101 years ago this month. In nearly a decade of terror that followed, the leaders of the Ottoman Empire system-ically exposed the Armenian people to torture, starvation, abduction, deportation, and mass killing. More than 1.5 million innocent Arme-nian children, women, and men were mur-dered. And millions more were expelled from their historic homeland. All nations and peoples have a responsibility to recognize this tragedy and the reverbera-tions it has caused for succeeding genera-tions. Unfortunately, the historic fact of the Ar-menian Genocide has all too often been ob-scured, downplayed, or simply rejected. As an international community, we must properly account for this historic crime, move towards peace and reconciliation in the region, and help those who carry the scars of this atrocity to heal. The United States owes a responsibility to the victims and their descendants to publicly call the events of 101 years ago genocide. And our government should demand that Tur-key—our NATO ally—acknowledge its historic responsibility for this crime. On this somber occasion, we should re-member and pray for the victims, those who survived, and the Armenian community around the world that honors its ancestors by dog-gedly pursuing the truth. And, as Americans, we must once against reaffirm our resolve to prevent genocide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.040 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE596 April 26, 2016 
IN MEMORY OF DEPUTY SHERIFF MIKE TREVINO, JR. 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and accomplishments of Fresno County Deputy Sheriff, Mike Trevino Jr. who sadly passed away on March 21, 2016. Mr. Trevino was born in Fowler, California on November 29, 1964 to Mike Trevino and Amanda Sarabia. After his graduation from Selma High School in 1982, Mike enlisted in the United States Army where he served as a combat engineer. After he was honorable dis-charged, Mr. Trevino began work at the Auto Warehouse and the Fresno County Office of Education. In 1995, he enrolled in the Fresno City Community College Police Academy while also working full time. Following in his father’s footsteps, Mike began work at the Fresno County Sheriff’s De-partment in July 1996 as a deputy sheriff. Dur-ing his time with the sheriff’s department, Mr. Trevino worked in the Field Services Division and later went on to serve in the Narcotics Unit. Deputy Sheriff Trevino is remembered with respect by his colleagues and all those who knew him, especially for his ability to break barriers and establish trust with the locals. Words of support and sympathy for his family have even come from individuals he previously arrested, yet still hold him in high regard. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life and achievements of Deputy Sheriff Mike Trevino Jr. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, especially his children and grandchildren, Breanna, Fabian, Micah, and Damian during this difficult time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.044 E26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D428 Tuesday, April 26, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2425–S2464 Measures Introduced: Six bills and two resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2850–2855, and S. Res. 440–441.
                                                     Pages S2458–59 
Measures Reported: S. 2680, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide comprehensive mental health reform, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S2457 
Measures Passed: Civic and Government Education Programs in Schools: Senate agreed to S. Res. 440, expressing the sense of the Senate about the importance of effective civic and government education programs in schools in the United States.
                                                Page S2463 
Public Service Recognition Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 441, expressing the sense of the Senate that, during Public Service Recognition Week, pub-lic servants should be commended for their dedica-tion and continued service to the United States. 
                                                                                    Pages S2463–64 
Measures Considered: Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Sen-ate continued consideration of H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S2427–49 
Adopted: By 54 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 61), Merkley/ Grassley Amendment No. 3812 (to Amendment No. 3801), to provide for funding for wind energy. 
                                                                                    Pages S2429–31 
By 73 yeas to 23 nays (Vote No. 62), Heller (for Reid/Heller) Amendment No. 3805 (to Amendment No. 3801), to make funding for water management improvement subject to a condition.
               Page S2431 
Rejected: By 12 yeas to 84 nays (Vote No. 63), Flake Amendment No. 3820 (to Amendment No. 3801), to withhold certain funds for the construction of en-vironmental infrastructure.                           Pages S2431–32 
Pending: Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S2427 
Alexander Amendment No. 3804 (to Amendment No. 3801), to modify provisions relating to Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees.
                               Page S2427 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, April 27, 2016, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two managers, or their designees; and that the filing deadline for all second-degree amend-ments to both Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801 (listed above), and to the bill, be at 10:30 a.m. 
                                                                                            Page S2464 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016.
                                                       Page S2449 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur upon disposition of H.R. 2028, En-ergy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act.
                                                  Page S2449 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S2464 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2455–57 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S2457 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2457–58 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2459–60 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                  Pages S2460 –62 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP6.REC D26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D429 April 26, 2016 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2454–55 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2462–63 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2463 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2463 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—63)
                                                           Pages S2430–32 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:16 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 27, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2464.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years De-fense Program, after receiving testimony from Frank Kendall III, Under Secretary for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, J. Michael Gilmore, Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, Lieutenant Gen-eral Christopher C. Bogdan, USAF, Program Execu-tive Officer for the F–35 Lightning II Joint Pro-gram, all of the Department of Defense; and Michael J. Sullivan, Director of Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office. OIL AND GAS DEVELOPMENT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine chal-lenges and opportunities for oil and gas development in different price environments, after receiving testi-mony from Michael Ratner, Specialist in Energy Pol-icy, Congressional Research Service, Library of Con-gress; Jason E. Bordoff, Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs Center on Global Energy Policy, and Oren M. Cass, Manhattan Insti-tute for Policy Research, both of New York, New York; Suzanne Minter, Platts Analytics, Denver, Col-orado; and Leslie Palti-Guzman, The Rapidan Group LLC, Bethesda, Maryland. BUSINESS TAX REFORM Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine navigating business tax reform, after re-ceiving testimony from Thomas Barthold, Chief of Staff, Joint Committee on Taxation; James R. Hines Jr., University of Michigan, Ann Arbor; Sanford Zinman, National Conference of CPA Practitioners, Tarrytown, New York; Gayle Goschie, Goschie Farms, Inc., Silverton, Oregon, on behalf of the Hop Growers of America; and Eric J. Toder, Urban Insti-tute and Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center, Washington, D.C. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUDGET Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of State, focusing on a re-view of resources, priorities, and programs, after re-ceiving testimony from Tom Malinowski, Assistant Secretary, Democracy, Human Rights and Labor Bu-reau, and Francisco L. Palmieri, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, both of the Department of State; and Eliza-beth Hogan, Acting Assistant Administrator for Latin America and the Caribbean, United States Agency for International Development. PSOB PROGRAM OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Public Safety Offi-cers’ Benefits Program, focusing on the need for more timeliness, transparency, and information on performance goals, after receiving testimony from Karol V. Mason, Assistant Attorney General, Office of Justice Programs, and Robert P. Storch, Deputy Inspector General, Office of the Inspector General, both of the Department of Justice; Andrew Sherrill, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; Jay Langenbau, Worth County Sheriff’s Office, North-wood, Iowa; and Donald J. Mihalek, Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association Foundation, and Robert Ganley, Sergeants Benevolent Association, both of New York, New York. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP6.REC D26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD430 April 26, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5048–5053, 5056–5072; and 5 reso-lutions, H.J. Res. 91; and H. Res. 702–705 were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H1994–95 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1996–97 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4096, to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restric-tions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–523); H.R. 2901, to amend the Flood Disaster Protec-tion Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–524); H.R. 4820, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or es-tranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–525); H.R. 207, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for improvements to small business develop-ment centers, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–526); H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’ (H. Rept. 114–527, Part 1); H.R. 699, to amend title 18, United States Code, to update the privacy protections for electronic com-munications information that is stored by third-party service providers in order to protect consumer pri-vacy interests while meeting law enforcement needs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–528); S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–529); H. Res. 701, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4498) to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities law (H. Rept. 114–530); H.R. 5054, making appropriations for Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–531); and H.R. 5055, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–532).                           Pages H1993–94 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Upton to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1947 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:07 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1948 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 3 p.m.
                                                  Pages H1948–49 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act: H.R. 4096, to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 395 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 165;
                                             Pages H1949–50, H1988–89 
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016: H.R. 223, amended, to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative;
                                     Pages H1954–57 
Amending the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program: S. 1523, amended, to amend the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estu-ary Program;
                                                        Pages H1957–59 
Foreign Spill Protection Act of 2016: H.R. 1684, amended, to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to im-pose penalties and provide for the recovery of re-moval costs and damages in connection with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units; 
                                                                                    Pages H1959–61 
Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016: H.R. 4820, amended, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or estranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 322 yeas to 79 nays, Roll No. 164; 
                                                                Pages H1961–66, H1987–88 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former violent extremists or their as-sociates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                 Page H1988 
Securing Aviation from Foreign Entry Points and Guarding Airports Through Enhanced Secu-rity Act of 2016: H.R. 4698, amended, to enhance aviation by requiring airport security assessments and a security coordination enhancement plan; 
                                                                                    Pages H1966–69 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP6.REC D26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D431 April 26, 2016 
PREPARE Act: H.R. 3583, amended, to reform and improve the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Office of Emergency Communications, and the Office of Health Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security;
                                    Pages H1969–78 
National Bison Legacy Act: H.R. 2908, amend-ed, to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States;
                                             Pages H1978–79 
Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act: H.R. 2615, amended, to establish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission;
                                                        Pages H1979–81 
Administrative Leave Reform Act: H.R. 4359, amended, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that Federal employees may not be placed on administrative leave for more than 14 days during any year for misconduct or poor performance; 
                                                                                    Pages H1981–83 
Official Personnel File Enhancement Act: H.R. 4360, amended, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that a Federal employee who leaves Government service while under personnel investiga-tion shall have a notation of any adverse findings under such investigation placed in such employee’s official personnel file; and
                             Pages H1983–84 
Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1493, to protect and preserve international cul-tural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters. 
                                                                                    Pages H1984–87 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:21 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1987 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Directing the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion to provide a safe harbor related to certain in-vestment fund research reports: H.R. 5019, to di-rect the Securities and Exchange Commission to pro-vide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports; and
                                        Pages H1950–52 
Flood Insurance Market Parity and Moderniza-tion Act: H.R. 2901, amended, to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that cer-tain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance.
                                                   Pages H1952–54 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H1948. Senate Referral: S. 1579 was referred to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and the Committee on House Administration.                                                          Page H1991 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1987–88, H1988–89. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 7:24 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 4978, the ‘‘Nurturing and Supporting Healthy Babies Act’’; H.R. 4641, to pro-vide for the establishment of an inter-agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes; H.R. 3680, the ‘‘Co-Pre-scribing to Reduce Overdoses Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3691, the ‘‘Improving Treatment for Pregnant and Postpartum Women Act’’; H.R. 1818, the ‘‘Veteran Emergency Medical Technician Support Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4981, the ‘‘Opioid Use Disorder Treat-ment Expansion and Modernization Act’’; H.R. 3250, the ‘‘DXM Abuse Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4969, the ‘‘John Thomas Decker Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4586, the ‘‘Lali’s Law’’; H.R. 4599, the ‘‘Re-ducing Unused Medications Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4976, the ‘‘Opioid Review Modernization Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4982, the ‘‘Examining Opioid Treat-ment Infrastructure Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4889, the ‘‘Kelsey Smith Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4167, the ‘‘Kari’s Law Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4111, the ‘‘Rural Health Care Connectivity Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4190, the ‘‘Spectrum Challenge Prize Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3998, the ‘‘Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act’’; H.R. 2031, the ‘‘Anti-Swatting Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2589, to amend the Communications Act of 1943 to require the Federal Communications Com-mission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; H.R. 2592, to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; H.R. 2593, to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require identification and de-scription on the website of the Federal Communica-tions Commission of items to be decided on author-ity delegated by the Commission; and the ‘‘Pipeline Safety Act of 2016’’. HALOS ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4498, the ‘‘HALOS Act’’. The committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP6.REC D26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD432 April 26, 2016 
granted, by voice vote, a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member des-ignated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Hurt and Maxine Waters of California. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine fixing the budget process, focusing on better budgets and better results, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 2644, to reauthorize the Fed-eral Communications Commission for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, S. 421, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for greater transparency and efficiency in the procedures followed by the Federal Communications Commission, S. 2607, to ensure appropriate spectrum planning and interagency coordination to support the Internet of Things, S. 2508, to reduce sports-related con-cussions in youth, S. 2829, to amend and enhance certain maritime programs of the Department of Transportation, S. 2325, to require the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, to establish a constituent- driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with deci-sion-support tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to in-form and improve local, State, regional, and Federal ca-pacities to manage the coastal region, S. 2817, to im-prove understanding and forecasting of space weather events, the nomination of Andrew J. Read, of North Carolina, to be a Member of the Marine Mammal Com-mission, and routine lists in the Coast Guard, 10:15 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine United States-China relations, focusing on strategic challenges and opportunities, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine government reform, focusing on ending duplication and holding Washington account-able, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 1928, to support the education of Indian chil-dren, S. 2205, to establish a grant program to assist trib-al governments in establishing tribal healing to wellness courts, S. 2304, to provide for tribal demonstration projects for the integration of early childhood develop-ment, education, including Native language and culture, and related services, for evaluation of those demonstration projects, S. 2421, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation located in Dillingham, Alaska, S. 2468, to require the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a 5-year demonstra-tion program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, S. 2564, to mod-ernize prior legislation relating to Dine College, S. 2643, to improve the implementation of the settlement agree-ment reached between the Pueblo de Cochiti of New Mexico and the Corps of Engineers, and S. 2717, to im-prove the safety and address the deferred maintenance needs of Indian dams to prevent flooding on Indian res-ervations; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Of-fice report on ‘‘Telecommunications: Additional Coordi-nation and Performance Measurement Needed for High- Speed Internet Access Programs on Tribal Lands.’’, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine counterfeits and their impact on consumer health and safety, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine S. 2812, to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to reauthorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, S. 2831, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide pri-ority for applicants for a license to operate as a small business investment company that are located in a dis-aster area, S. 2838, to improve the HUBZone program, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Small Business Innovation Pro-tection Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled ‘‘Microloan Program Modernization Act of 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Prove It Act of 2016’’; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the waters of the United States rule and the case for reforming the Renew-able Fuels Association, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine Valeant Pharmaceuticals’ business model, focusing on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP6.REC D26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D433 April 26, 2016 repercussions for patients and the health care system, 3:30 p.m., SH–216. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Bio-technology, Horticulture, and Research, hearing entitled ‘‘Focus on the Farm Economy: Factors Impacting Cost of Production’’, 10:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4909, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘The Persuader Rule: The Administration’s Latest Attack on Employer Free Speech and Worker Free Choice’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4978, the ‘‘Nurturing and Supporting Healthy Babies Act’’; H.R. 4641, to provide for the es-tablishment of an inter-agency task force to review, mod-ify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes; H.R. 3680, the ‘‘Co-Prescribing to Reduce Overdoses Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3691, the ‘‘Improving Treatment for Preg-nant and Postpartum Women Act’’; H.R. 1818, the ‘‘Veteran Emergency Medical Technician Support Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4981, the ‘‘Opioid Use Disorder Treatment Expansion and Modernization Act’’; H.R. 3250, the ‘‘DXM Abuse Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4969, the ‘‘John Thomas Decker Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4586, the ‘‘Lali’s Law’’; H.R. 4599, the ‘‘Reducing Unused Medica-tions Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4976, the ‘‘Opioid Review Modernization Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4982, the ‘‘Examining Opioid Treatment Infrastructure Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4889, the ‘‘Kelsey Smith Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4167, the ‘‘Kari’s Law Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4111, the ‘‘Rural Health Care Connectivity Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4190, the ‘‘Spec-trum Challenge Prize Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3998, the ‘‘Se-curing Access to Networks in Disasters Act’’; H.R. 2031, the ‘‘Anti-Swatting Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2589, to amend the Communications Act of 1943 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; H.R. 2592, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; H.R. 2593, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require identification and description on the website of the Federal Communications Commission of items to be decided on authority delegated by the Commission; and the ‘‘Pipeline Safety Act of 2016’’ (con-tinued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘How Can the U.S. Make Development Banks More Accountable?’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-dle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests: Examining the President’s FY 2017 Budget Proposal for Afghanistan and Pakistan’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining FY 2017 Funding Priorities in the Western Hemisphere’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘South Sudan’s Prospects for Peace and Security’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘ISIS in the Pacific: Assessing Terrorism in Southeast Asia and the Threat to the Homeland’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5046, the ‘‘Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5052, the ‘‘Opioid Program Evalua-tion Act’’; H.R. 2137, the ‘‘Federal Law Enforcement Self-Defense and Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 5048, to require a study by the Comptroller General of the United States on Good Samaritan laws that pertain to treatment of opioid overdoses, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3394, the ‘‘Clarifying Amendment to Provide Terrorism Victims Equity (CAPTIVE) Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Bureau of Land Management’s Regulatory Overreach into Methane Emis-sions Regulation’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘Realizing the Potential of Hydropower as a Clean, Renewable and Domestic Energy Resource’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Management Prac-tices and Misconduct at TSA: Part I’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-titled ‘‘The Best and Worst Places to Work in the Fed-eral Government’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4901, the ‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act’’; and H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fidu-ciary’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on the ‘‘NSF Major Research Facility Re-form Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘S is for Savings: Pro-Growth Benefits of Em-ployee-Owned S Corporations’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP6.REC D26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD434 April 26, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, April 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Alexander/Feinstein Amend-ment No. 3801, at 11 a.m. The filing deadline for all second-degree amendments to Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, and to the bill, is at 10:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, April 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 4498—Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E581 Barr, Andy, Ky., E585, E591 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E595 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E581 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E595 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E594 Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E583 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E587 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E582, E585, E587, E589 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E593 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E592 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E590 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E587 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E586 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E593 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E589 Hurd, Will, Tex., E589 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E590 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E583, E587 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E581 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E593 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E582 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E592, E595 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E586 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E584, E591 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E581, E583, E584, E585, E586, E586, E587, E588, E588, E589 Pompeo, Mike, Kans., E583 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American Samoa, E588 Riggell, E. Scott, Va., E590 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E594 Scott, David, Ga., E588 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E594 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E582, E584, E585, E586, E588, E590, E591, E592, E593, E594 Valadao, David G., Calif., E595, E596 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E589 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E581 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26AP6.REC D26APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST