Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H821 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2016 No. 28 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
UCK). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 23, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable K
ENBUCK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. May Your special blessings be upon the Members of this assembly as they return from a week in their home dis-tricts. Give them wisdom and charity that they might work together for the common good. During this primary season, the American people are hearing about so many issues we face as a Nation. Our divisions come from the solutions pro-posed by various campaigns. Through it all, help us to maintain civility, always presuming the best in-tentions in those with whom we dis-agree. Thus may our system of demo-cratic participation in the forming of the executive and legislative branches reach toward a truly representative government that all Americans can support. May all that is done this day in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRA-
HAM) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ABRAHAM led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIVES LOST FROM THE 14TH QUARTER-MASTER, OPERATION DESERT STORM (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, at approximately 8:40 p.m. on February 25, 1991, an Iraqi Scud missile blasted through the temporary bar-racks of the 14th Quartermaster in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia. Headquartered in Greensburg, Penn-sylvania, the 69 members of the water purification unit were deployed to Saudi Arabia for just 6 days when the attack occurred. Twenty-eight soldiers died that day, and 99 were wounded, in-cluding 43 in the 14th. The Scud attack proved to be the sin-gle most devastating attack on U.S. forces as the 14th Quartermaster suf-fered the single greatest number of cas-ualties of any Allied unit during Oper-ation Desert Storm. To commemorate the 25th anniversary of this attack, I am introducing a joint resolution that honors the soldiers who were lost and wounded and their families. The State of Pennsylvania lost more servicemembers during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm than any other State. A monument now stands in dedication at the Greensburg Army Reserve Center commemorating the 69 names of the detachment sol-diers. They were fathers, husbands, and sons. They were daughters and sisters. They were all citizen soldiers serving their communities, serving their coun-try, and giving their lives to both. I call on Members of Congress to co-sponsor this resolution and honor the service and sacrifice of the 14th Quar-termaster of the United States Army. f 
THANKING MEMBERS FOR VISITING FLINT, MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give some thanks to some of my fellow Members of Congress for coming to my hometown of Flint, Michigan, yesterday. Specifically, I want to thank Democratic Whip S
TENY  H
OYER , Congressman E LIJAH CUMMINGS , Congresswoman B
RENDA LAWRENCE , Congresswoman D
EBBIE DINGELL , and my friend and classmate Congressman S
COTT PETERS , who spent the day with me yesterday in Flint. I want to thank them for having the back of the people of my hometown who are suffering right now with a water crisis that makes their water, the water for 100,000 people, not just undrinkable, but very dangerous. I also want to thank my Michigan colleagues Congressman S
ANDER LEVIN and Congressman J
OHN CONYERS for their many visits to Flint. The people in Flint are victims of a form of neglect that is almost unimagi-nable: neglect by their own govern-ment, by the State of Michigan, which was operating the city of Flint and failed to protect those citizens by en-suring clean and safe drinking water. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.000 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH822 February 23, 2016 
This is a crisis that demands a re-sponse equal to the gravity of this cri-sis. It demands a Federal response. It clearly demands a response from the State of Michigan far greater than what it has been given. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF LEROY ‘‘SLICK’’ SEAL (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dedicated public serv-ant of Louisiana, Mr. Leroy ‘‘Slick’’ Seal, who passed away recently. He was 95 years old. Mr. Seal was born on September 2, 1920, in Varnado, Louisiana, where he was a lifelong resident and law enforce-ment officer. Leroy began his career in 1950 when then-Governor Earl K. Long appointed him to serve as the first marshal in Varnado. When he left that post in 1954, he went on to work for the Louisiana De-partment of Wildlife and Fisheries until 1979. During that time, Leroy was selected by his peers as top woodsman and earned the position of major. Mr. Seal moved from the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to serve as chief deputy of the Washington Parish Sheriff’s office from 1981 to 1991. He was elected chief of police in his home-town of Varnado in 1992, where he served until 2008, though he continued to serve Varnado as a police officer until 2012. Mr. Seal committed 60 years of his life to protecting the people of Lou-isiana. While in the line of duty as a law enforcement official, he was in-ducted into the Louisiana Justice Hall of Fame in 2010. In 2013, he was duly recognized by the Louisiana State Leg-islature where they declared Sep-tember 2 Leroy ‘‘Slick’’ Seal Day. Mr. Seal is survived by his children, Eathel Seal, Stanley Seal, and Randy Seal, as well as his 15 grandchildren and numerous great-grandchildren, nieces, and nephews. I commend Mr. Seal for all the work he has done for Louisiana. May he rest in peace. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BUNNY STEINMAN (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, when you run for public office, you get to meet amazing people passionate about poli-tics at every level. But the best ones, the ones who inspire you, are the ones who remind you why you got involved in the first place: to help others. Today I rise in memory of one of the best. Bunny Steinman passed away on January 20, but her impact on the Flor-ida Democratic Party and our commu-nity will surely last for decades. Bunny was a born trailblazer. Long before retiring to south Florida, she graduated from Syracuse. She earned a master’s at Queens College. She worked in public education for over three decades, all while raising three kids with her late husband, Joseph. As her family mourns the loss of a mother and a grandmother, our com-munity mourns the loss of a friend, a leader, and a mentor. Indeed, Bunny was so many things to so many people all at once. She was a teacher who never stopped teaching, an activist who never stopped organizing, a Democrat who never stopped believ-ing that America is strongest when the right to vote is protected, when equal rights are respected, and when every child has the chance to thrive. Bunny Steinman, it was an honor to know you, to work with you, to rep-resent you, and, most of all, to be your friend. We will honor your memory by carrying forward your passion for progress and the betterment of all. You will continue to inspire us for years to come. f 
JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, last week our Nation lost an incredible man and jurist: Justice Antonin Scalia. As a steadfast defender of the rule of law, Scalia was a pillar of the Supreme Court for nearly 30 years. He was a man of God and a champion of religious freedom. In a recent speech, Justice Scalia re-flected on the role of faith in society. While discussing his time in Rome in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks, he re-called watching President Bush ask God to bless our Nation and a later conversation he had with a jurist from a different country who expressed his own desire for his nation’s leader to be able to publicly evoke God’s name dur-ing a time of national crisis, as it was forbidden. This moving speech serves as a re-minder of the importance of fighting for our basic liberties that we hold so dearly. Justice Scalia, who consist-ently demonstrated a deep under-standing of what our Founding Fathers intended, was a fierce and loyal leader in this fight. It was through his strong adherence to our Constitution, his sharp analyt-ical mind, and his unwillingness to compromise his principles that made him a brilliant jurist; though it was his unreserved vitality and unwavering love for his country that made him a widely admired and beloved friend to his supporters and adversaries alike. I had a chance to meet Justice Scalia a couple of different times and hear him and even talk with him and ask him questions. Indeed, I was blessed by that. I rise today to extend my deepest sympathies to his family. He will cer-tainly be missed by our Nation. COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 22, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 22, 2016 at 3:26 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2451. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 23, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 23, 2016 at 12:10 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2234. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4056. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4437. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 3262. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 890. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1602 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 4 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.002 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H823 February 23, 2016 
today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
DIRECTING DOLLARS TO DISASTER RELIEF ACT OF 2015 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2109) to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy to develop an integrated plan to re-duce administrative costs under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2109 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Directing Dollars to Disaster Relief Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘administrative cost’’— (A) means a cost incurred by the Agency in support of the delivery of disaster assistance for a major disaster; and (B) does not include a cost incurred by a grantee or subgrantee; (2) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Agency; (3) the term ‘‘Agency’’ means the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (4) the term ‘‘direct administrative cost’’ means a cost incurred by a grantee or sub-grantee of a program authorized by the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) that can be identified separately and as-signed to a specific project; (5) the term ‘‘hazard mitigation program’’ means the hazard mitigation grant program authorized under section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c); (6) the term ‘‘individual assistance pro-gram’’ means the individual assistance grant program authorized under sections 408, 410, 415, 416, 426, and 502(a) of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174, 5177, 5182, 5183, 5189d, and 5192(a)); (7) the term ‘‘major disaster’’ means a major disaster declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170); (8) the term ‘‘mission assignment’’ has the meaning given the term in section 641 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 741); and (9) the term ‘‘public assistance program’’ means the public assistance grant program authorized under sections 403(a)(3), 406, 418, 419, 428, and 502(a) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b(a)(3), 5172, 5185, 5186, 5189f, and 5192(a)). 
SEC. 3. INTEGRATED PLAN FOR ADMINISTRATIVE COST REDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 365 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) develop and implement an integrated plan to control and reduce administrative costs for major disasters, which shall in-clude— (A) steps the Agency will take to reduce administrative costs; (B) milestones needed for accomplishing the reduction of administrative costs; (C) strategic goals for the average annual percentage of administrative costs of major disasters for each fiscal year; (D) the assignment of clear roles and re-sponsibilities, including the designation of officials responsible for monitoring and measuring performance; and (E) a timetable for implementation; (2) compare the costs and benefits of track-ing the administrative cost data for major disasters by the public assistance, individual assistance, hazard mitigation, and mission assignment programs, and if feasible, track this information; and (3) clarify Agency guidance and minimum documentation requirements for a direct ad-ministrative cost claimed by a grantee or subgrantee of a public assistance grant pro-gram. (b) CONGRESSIONAL UPDATE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall brief the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives on the plan required to be developed under sub-section (a)(1). (c) U
PDATES .—If the Administrator modi-fies the plan or the timetable under sub-section (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report notifying Congress of the modifica-tion, which shall include the details of the modification. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than No-vember 30 of each year for 7 years beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the de-velopment and implementation of the inte-grated plan required under section 3 for the previous fiscal year. (b) R
EPORT UPDATES .— (1) T
HREE YEAR UPDATE .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which the Adminis-trator submits a report under subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit an updated report for the previous 3-fiscal-year period. (2) F
IVE YEAR UPDATE .—Not later than 5 years after the date on which the Adminis-trator submits a report under subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit an updated report for the previous 5-fiscal-year period. (c) C
ONTENTS OF REPORTS .—Each report re-quired under subsections (a) and (b) shall contain, at a minimum— (1) the total amount spent on administra-tive costs for the fiscal year period for which the report is being submitted; (2) the average annual percentage of ad-ministrative costs for the fiscal year period for which the report is being submitted; (3) an assessment of the effectiveness of the plan developed under section 3(a)(1); (4) an analysis of— (A) whether the Agency is achieving the strategic goals established under section 3(a)(1)(C); and (B) in the case of the Agency not achieving such strategic goals, what is preventing the Agency from doing so; (5) any actions the Agency has identified as useful in improving upon and reaching the goals for administrative costs established under section 3(a)(1)(C); and (6) any data described in section 3(a)(2), if the Agency determines it is feasible to track such data. (d) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Adminis-trator submits a report to Congress under this section, the Administrator shall make the report publicly available on the website of the Agency. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on S. 2109. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. In the last 12 years, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, has provided almost $100 billion in disaster relief and disaster assist-ance. However, a significant and in-creasing amount of these funds have gone to cover FEMA’s administrative costs that support the delivery of dis-aster assistance. The Government Accountability Of-fice, or GAO, has been looking into this for some time and found that, between fiscal year 1989 and fiscal year 2011, the percentage of disaster assistance spent on administrative costs doubled from 9 to 18 percent. While FEMA has tried to implement internal controls to keep these costs to a minimum, GAO has found that FEMA’s administrative costs have not decreased. In fact, GAO estimates that internal controls could save hundreds of millions of dollars in administrative costs. S. 2109, the Directing Dollars to Dis-aster Relief Act of 2015, seeks to con-trol and reduce rising administrative costs from major disasters by requiring the administrator of FEMA to develop and implement a plan to control and reduce its internal administrative costs. I would like to commend and thank the chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs for introducing this im-portant oversight measure, which will save taxpayer dollars. I would also like to thank the Senate chairman for working with us to en-sure that the legislation includes a sunset provision and is consistent with our House protocols. As disasters become more frequent and severe, it will become critical to keep administrative costs in FEMA to a minimum, increase efficiencies, and ensure that resources are directed to-ward disaster victims and the restora-tion of infrastructure. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.006 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH824 February 23, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2109, the Directing Dollars to Disaster Relief Act of 2015, requires the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, or FEMA, to develop a plan to control and reduce its dis-aster-related administrative costs and other activities. The GAO has noted that FEMA’s costs incurred in administering dis-aster-related activities have increased substantially. FEMA has acknowledged the increase and has struggled to ad-dress this issue. Most recently, in 2014, the GAO rec-ommended that FEMA develop an inte-grated plan to control and reduce dis-aster-related administrative costs. GAO also recommended that FEMA assess the feasibility of tracking ad-ministrative costs by disaster program, such as public assistance and indi-vidual assistance. Finally, GAO recommended that FEMA clarify its guidance and min-imum documentation requirements for State and local governments with re-spect to their direct administrative costs. This bill, Mr. Speaker, will codify these recommendations and statutorily require FEMA to take these actions. I appreciate the improvements this bill will make toward reducing overall disaster costs and losses, but this is not enough. We must do more to reduce these costs and losses, Mr. Speaker. There is no better way than to invest in predisaster mitigation. I introduced H.R. 830 to reauthorize the predisaster hazard mitigation pro-gram. We consistently talk about the potential to reduce disaster costs and save taxpayers money through predisaster mitigation. In fact, our subcommittee has noted the reports by the Congressional Budg-et Office and the National Institute of Building Sciences Multihazard Mitiga-tion Council, which found that predisaster mitigation saves $3 to $4 for every dollar spent on mitigation ac-tivities. But there is more. Predisaster miti-gation activities save lives and reduce injuries. It is time to stop talking and do more. Let us, Mr. Speaker, reau-thorize the predisaster mitigation pro-gram at levels sufficient to signifi-cantly reduce disaster costs and save lives. Our citizens deserve this. I look forward to working with my good colleagues on the other side of the aisle to make sure that these strides will come to fruition. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2109. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AD-MINISTRATION REFORM AND IM-PROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3584) to authorize, streamline, and identify efficiencies within the Transportation Security Administra-tion, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3584 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; Table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—AVIATION SECURITY Sec. 101. TSA PreCheck. Sec. 102. PreCheck and general passenger bio-metric identification. Sec. 103. Limitation; PreCheck operations main-tained; Alternate methods. Sec. 104. Secure Flight program. Sec. 105. Efficiency review by TSA. Sec. 106. Donation of screening equipment to protect the United States. Sec. 107. Review of sustained security direc-tives. Sec. 108. Maintenance of security-related tech-nology. Sec. 109. Vetting of aviation workers. Sec. 110. Aviation Security Advisory Committee consultation. Sec. 111. Private contractor canine evaluation and integration pilot program. Sec. 112. Covert testing at airports. Sec. 113. Training for transportation security officers. TITLE II—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 201. Surface Transportation Inspectors. Sec. 202. Inspector General audit; TSA Office of Inspection workforce certification. Sec. 203. Repeal of biennial reporting require-ment for the Government Ac-countability Office relating to the Transportation Security Informa-tion Sharing Plan. Sec. 204. Security training for frontline trans-portation workers. Sec. 205. Feasibility assessment. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION ; TSA.—The terms ‘‘Admin-istration’’ and ‘‘TSA’’ mean the Transportation Security Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration. (3) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘in-telligence community’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). (4) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Security. (5) S
ECURE FLIGHT .—The term ‘‘Secure Flight’’ means the Administration’s watchlist matching program. TITLE I—AVIATION SECURITY SEC. 101. TSA PRECHECK. 
(a) TSA P RECHECK .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) ensure that all screening of passengers and their accessible property shall be conducted in a risk-based, intelligence-driven manner with con-sideration given to the privacy and civil liberties of such passengers; and (2) operate a trusted passenger screening pro-gram known as ‘‘TSA PreCheck’’ that provides expedited screening for low-risk passengers and their accessible property based on a comprehen-sive and continuous analysis of factors specified in subsection (b). (b) F
ACTORS .—Factors referred to in sub-section (a)(2) shall include the following: (1) Whether passengers described in such sub-section are members of other trusted traveler programs of the Department. (2) Whether such passengers are traveling pursuant to subsection (m) of section 44903 of title 49, United States Code (as established under the Risk-Based Security for Members of the Armed Forces Act (Public Law 112–86)), sec-tion 44927 of such title (as established under the Helping Heroes Fly Act (Public Law 113–27)), or section 44928 of such title (as established under the Honor Flight Act (Public Law 113–221)). (3) Whether such passengers possess an active security clearance or other credential issued by the Federal Government for which TSA has con-ducted a written threat assessment and deter-mined that such passengers present a low risk to transportation or national security. (4) Whether such passengers are members of a population for whom TSA has conducted a writ-ten security threat assessment, determined that such population poses a low risk to transpor-tation or national security, and has issued such passengers a known traveler number. (5) The ability of the Administration to verify such passengers’ identity and whether such pas-sengers pose a risk to aviation security. (6) Threats to transportation or national secu-rity as identified by the intelligence community and law enforcement community. (c) E
NROLLMENT EXPANSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall publish PreCheck application enrollment standards to add multiple private sector application capabilities for the TSA PreCheck program to increase the public’s en-rollment access to such program, including standards that allow the use of secure tech-nologies, including online enrollment, kiosks, tablets, or staffed computer stations at which individuals can apply for entry into such pro-gram. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Upon publication of the PreCheck program application enrollment standards pursuant to paragraph (1), the Ad-ministrator shall— (A) coordinate with interested parties to de-ploy TSA-approved ready-to-market private sec-tor solutions that meet the TSA PreCheck appli-cation enrollment standards described in para-graph (1), make available additional PreCheck enrollment capabilities, and offer secure online and mobile enrollment opportunities; (B) partner with the private sector to collect biographic and biometric identification informa-tion via kiosks, mobile devices, or other mobile enrollment platforms to reduce the number of in-stances in which passengers need to travel to enrollment centers; (C) ensure that the kiosks, mobile devices, or other mobile enrollment platforms referred to in subparagraph (E) are secure and not vulnerable to data breaches; (D) ensure that any biometric and biographic information is collected in a manner which is comparable with the National Institute of Standards and Technology standards and en-sures privacy and data security protections, in-cluding that applicants’ personally identifiable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.007 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H825 February 23, 2016 
information is collected, retained, used, and shared in a manner consistent with section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Privacy Act of 1974’’), and agency regu-lations; (E) ensure that an individual who wants to enroll in the PreCheck program and has started an application with a single identification verification at one location will be able to save such individual’s application on any kiosk, per-sonal computer, mobile device, or other mobile enrollment platform and be able to return with-in a reasonable time to submit a second identi-fication verification; and (F) ensure that any enrollment expansion using a private sector risk assessment instead of a fingerprint-based criminal history records check is determined, by the Secretary of Home-land Security, to be equivalent to a fingerprint- based criminal history records check conducted through the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (3) M
ARKETING OF PRECHECK PROGRAM .—Upon publication of PreCheck program application enrollment standards pursuant to paragraph (1), the Administrator shall— (A) in accordance with such standards, de-velop and implement— (i) a process, including an associated time-frame, for approving private sector marketing of the TSA PreCheck program; and (ii) a strategy for partnering with the private sector to encourage enrollment in such program; and (B) submit to Congress a report on any PreCheck fees collected in excess of the costs of administering such program, including rec-ommendations for using such amounts to sup-port marketing of such program under this sub-section. (4) I
DENTITY VERIFICATION ENHANCEMENT .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (A) coordinate with the heads of appropriate components of the Department to leverage De-partment-held data and technologies to verify the citizenship of individuals enrolling in the TSA PreCheck program; and (B) partner with the private sector to use ad-vanced biometrics and standards comparable with National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology standards to facilitate enrollment in such program. (5) P
RECHECK LANE OPERATION .—The Adminis-trator shall— (A) ensure that TSA PreCheck screening lanes are open and available during peak and high- volume travel times at airports to individuals enrolled in the PreCheck program; and (B) make every practicable effort to provide expedited screening at standard screening lanes during times when PreCheck screening lanes are closed to individuals enrolled in such program in order to maintain operational efficiency. (6) V
ETTING FOR PRECHECK PARTICIPANTS .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Administrator shall ini-tiate an assessment of the security vulnerabilities in the vetting process for the PreCheck program that includes an evaluation of whether subjecting PreCheck participants to recurrent fingerprint-based criminal history records checks, in addition to recurrent checks against the terrorist watchlist, could be done in a cost-effective manner to strengthen the secu-rity of the PreCheck program. 
SEC. 102. PRECHECK AND GENERAL PASSENGER BIOMETRIC IDENTIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall conduct a pilot project to es-tablish a secure, automated, biometric-based system at airports to verify the identity of pas-sengers who are members of TSA PreCheck. Such system shall— (1) reduce the need for security screening per-sonnel to perform travel document verification for individuals enrolled in TSA PreCheck; (2) reduce the average wait time of individuals enrolled in TSA PreCheck; (3) reduce overall operating expenses of the Administration; (4) be integrated with the Administration’s watch list and trusted traveler matching pro-gram; (5) be integrated with other checkpoint tech-nologies to further facilitate risk-based pas-senger screening at the checkpoint, to the extent practicable and consistent with security stand-ards; and (6) consider capabilities and policies of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Global Entry Program, as appropriate. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF SCREENING SYSTEM FOR  C
ERTAIN PASSENGERS .—Section 44901 of title 49, United States Code is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c) through (l) as subsections (d) through (m), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF SCREENING SYSTEM  
FORCERTAIN PASSENGERS .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2017, in accordance with the require-ments of the Transportation Security Adminis-tration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall establish a secure, automated system at all large hub airports for verifying travel and identity documents of pas-sengers who are not members of the Administra-tion’s risk-based aviation passenger screening program, known as ‘TSA PreCheck’. Such sys-tem shall— ‘‘(1) assess the need for security screening per-sonnel to perform travel document verification for such passengers, thereby assessing the over-all number of such screening personnel; ‘‘(2) assess the average wait time of such pas-sengers; ‘‘(3) assess overall operating expenses of the Administration; ‘‘(4) be integrated with the Administration’s watch list matching program; and ‘‘(5) be integrated with other checkpoint tech-nologies to further facilitate risk-based pas-senger screening at the checkpoint, to the extent practicable and consistent with security stand-ards.’’. 
SEC. 103. LIMITATION; PRECHECK OPERATIONS MAINTAINED; ALTERNATE METHODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (c), the Administrator shall direct that access to expedited airport security screening at an airport security checkpoint be limited to only the following: (1) A passenger who voluntarily submits bio-graphic and biometric information for a security risk assessment and whose application for the PreCheck program has been approved, or a pas-senger who is a participant in another trusted or registered traveler program of the Depart-ment. (2) A passenger traveling pursuant to section 44903 of title 49, United States Code (as estab-lished under the Risk-Based Security for Mem-bers of the Armed Forces Act (Public Law 112– 86)), section 44927 of such title (as established under the Helping Heroes Fly Act (Public Law 113–27)), or section 44928 of such title (as estab-lished under the Honor Flight Act (Public Law 113–221)). (3) A passenger who did not voluntarily sub-mit biographic and biometric information for a security risk assessment but is a member of a population designated by the Administrator as known and low-risk and who may be issued a unique, known traveler number by the Adminis-trator determining that such passenger is a member of a category of travelers designated by the Administrator as known and low-risk. (b) P
RECHECK OPERATIONS MAINTAINED .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall ensure that expedited airport security screening remains available to passengers at or above the level that exists on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) F
REQUENT FLIERS .—If the Administrator determines that such is appropriate, the imple-mentation of subsection (a) may be delayed by up to one year with respect to the population of passengers who did not voluntarily submit bio-graphic and biometric information for security risk assessments but who nevertheless receive expedited airport security screening because such passengers are designated as frequent fliers by air carriers. If the Administrator uses the au-thority provided by this subsection, the Admin-istrator shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate of such phased-in implementation. (d) ALTERNATE METHODS .—The Administrator may provide access to expedited airport security screening to additional passengers pursuant to an alternate method upon the submission to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate of an independent assessment of the security effectiveness of such alternate method that is conducted by an independent entity that deter-mines that such alternate method is designed to— (1) reliably and effectively identify passengers who likely pose a low risk to the United States aviation system; (2) mitigate the likelihood that a passenger who may pose a security threat to the United States aviation system is selected for expedited security screening; and (3) address known and evolving security risks to the United States aviation system. (e) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Adminis-trator shall provide to the entity conducting the independent assessment under subsection (d) ef-fectiveness testing results that are consistent with established evaluation design practices, as identified by the Comptroller General of the United States. (f) R
EPORTING .—Not later than three months after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall re-port to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the percentage of all passengers who are provided expedited security screening, and of such passengers so provided, the percent-age who are participants in the PreCheck pro-gram (who have voluntarily submitted bio-graphic and biometric information for security risk assessments), the percentage who are par-ticipants in another trusted traveler program of the Department, the percentage who are partici-pants in the PreCheck program due to the Ad-ministrator’s issuance of known traveler num-bers, and for the remaining percentage of pas-sengers granted access to expedited security screening in PreCheck security lanes, informa-tion on the percentages attributable to each al-ternative method utilized by the Administration to direct passengers to expedited airport security screening at PreCheck security lanes. (g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— (1) authorize or direct the Administrator to re-duce or limit the availability of expedited secu-rity screening at an airport; or (2) limit the authority of the Administrator to use technologies and systems, including pas-senger screening canines and explosives trace detection, as a part of security screening oper-ations. 
SEC. 104. SECURE FLIGHT PROGRAM. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) develop a process for regularly evaluating the root causes of screening errors at check-points across airports so that corrective meas-ures are able to be identified; (2) implement such corrective measures to ad-dress the root causes of such screening errors oc-curring at the checkpoint; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.005 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH826 February 23, 2016 
(3) develop additional measures to address key performance aspects related to the Secure Flight program goals and ensure that such measures clearly identify activities necessary to achieve progress towards such goals; (4) develop a mechanism to systematically doc-ument the number and causes of Secure Flight program matching errors for the purpose of im-proving program performance and provide pro-gram managers with timely and reliable infor-mation; (5) provide job-specific privacy refresher train-ing for Secure Flight program staff to further protect personally identifiable information in the Secure Flight system program; and (6) develop a mechanism to comprehensively document and track key Secure Flight program privacy issues and decisions to ensure the Se-cure Flight program has complete information for effective oversight of its privacy controls. 
SEC. 105. EFFICIENCY REVIEW BY TSA. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall conduct and complete a comprehensive, agency-wide efficiency review of the Administration to identify spending reduc-tions and administrative savings through the streamlining and any necessary restructuring of agency divisions to make the Administration more efficient. In carrying out the review under this section, the Administrator shall consider each of the following: (1) The elimination of any duplicative or over-lapping programs and initiatives that can be streamlined. (2) The elimination of any unnecessary or ob-solete rules, regulations, directives, or proce-dures. (3) Any other matters the Administrator deter-mines are appropriate. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of the efficiency re-view required under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall submit to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that specifies the results and cost savings expected to be achieved through such efficiency review. Such report shall also in-clude information relating to how the Adminis-tration may use efficiencies identified through such efficiency review to provide funding to re-imburse airports that incurred eligible costs for in-line baggage screening systems. 
SEC. 106. DONATION OF SCREENING EQUIPMENT TO PROTECT THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator is au-thorized to donate security screening equipment to a foreign last-point-of-departure airport oper-ator if such equipment can be reasonably ex-pected to mitigate a specific vulnerability to the security of the United States or United States citizens. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days before any donation of equipment under this section, the Administrator shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a detailed written explanation of— (1) the specific vulnerability to the United States that will be mitigated with such dona-tion; (2) an explanation as to why the recipient is unable or unwilling to purchase equipment to mitigate such threat; (3) an evacuation plan for sensitive tech-nologies in case of emergency or instability in the country to which such donation is being made; (4) how the Administration will ensure the equipment that is being donated is used and maintained over the course of its life by the re-cipient; and (5) the total dollar value of such donation. SEC. 107. REVIEW OF SUSTAINED SECURITY DI-RECTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annu-ally thereafter, for any security directive that has been in effect for longer than one year, the Administrator shall review the necessity of such directives, from a risk-based perspective. (b) B
RIEFING TO CONGRESS .—Upon completion of each review pursuant to subsection (a), the Administrator shall brief the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on— (1) any changes being made to existing secu-rity directives as a result of each such review; (2) the specific threat that is being mitigated by any such directive that will remain in effect; and (3) the planned disposition of any such direc-tive. 
SEC. 108. MAINTENANCE OF SECURITY-RELATED TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XVI of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 561 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Maintenance of Security-Related Technology 
‘‘SEC. 1621. MAINTENANCE VALIDATION AND OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, the Administrator shall develop and implement a preventive maintenance validation process for security-related technology deployed to airports. ‘‘(b) M
AINTENANCE BY ADMINISTRATION PER-
SONNEL AT AIRPORTS .—For maintenance to be carried out by Administration personnel at air-ports, the process referred to in subsection (a) shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Guidance to Administration personnel, equipment maintenance technicians, and other personnel at airports specifying how to conduct and document preventive maintenance actions. ‘‘(2) Mechanisms for the Administrator to verify compliance with the guidance issued pur-suant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) M
AINTENANCE BY CONTRACTORS AT AIR-
PORTS .—For maintenance to be carried out by a contractor at airports, the process referred to in subsection (a) shall require the following: ‘‘(1) Provision of monthly preventive mainte-nance schedules to appropriate Administration personnel at each airport that includes informa-tion on each action to be completed by a con-tractor. ‘‘(2) Notification to appropriate Administra-tion personnel at each airport when mainte-nance action is completed by a contractor. ‘‘(3) A process for independent validation by a third party of contractor maintenance. ‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES FOR NONCOMPLIANCE .—The Administrator shall require maintenance con-tracts for security-related technology deployed to airports to include penalties for noncompli-ance when it is determined that either preven-tive or corrective maintenance has not been completed according to contractual requirements and manufacturers’ specifications.’’. (b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall assess implementation of the requirements under sec-tion 1621 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section), and provide findings and recommendations with re-spect to the provision of training to Administra-tion personnel, equipment maintenance techni-cians, and other personnel under such section 1621 and the availability and utilization of equipment maintenance technicians employed by the Administration. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1616 the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Maintenance of Security-Related Technology ‘‘Sec. 1621. Maintenance validation and over-sight.’’. SEC. 109. VETTING OF AVIATION WORKERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XVI of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 561 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 1601 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1602. VETTING OF AVIATION WORKERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—By not later than Decem-ber 31, 2015, the Administrator, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for Policy of the Department, shall request from the Director of National Intelligence access to additional data from the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environ-ment (TIDE) data and any or other terrorism-re-lated information to improve the effectiveness of the Administration’s credential vetting program for individuals with unescorted access to sen-sitive areas of airports. ‘‘(b) S
ECURITY INSPECTION .—By not later than December 31, 2015, the Administrator shall issue guidance for Transportation Security Inspectors to annually review airport badging office proce-dures for applicants seeking access to sensitive areas of airports. Such guidance shall include a comprehensive review of applicants’ Criminal History Records Check (CHRC) and work au-thorization documentation during the course of an inspection. ‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—By not later than December 31, 2015, the Administrator may conduct a pilot program of the Rap Back Serv-ice, in coordination with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to determine the feasibility of full implementation of a service through which the Administrator would be noti-fied of a change in status of an individual hold-ing a valid credential granting unescorted ac-cess to sensitive areas of airports across eligible Administration-regulated populations. ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURES .—The pilot program under subsection (c) shall evaluate whether informa-tion can be narrowly tailored to ensure that the Administrator only receives notification of a change with respect to a disqualifying offense under the credential vetting program under sub-section (a), as specified in 49 CFR 1542.209, and in a manner that complies with current regula-tions for fingerprint-based criminal history records checks. The pilot program shall be car-ried out in a manner so as to ensure that, in the event that notification is made through the Rap Back Service of a change but a determination of arrest status or conviction is in question, the matter will be handled in a manner that is con-sistent with current regulations. The pilot pro-gram shall also be carried out in a manner that is consistent with current regulations governing an investigation of arrest status, correction of Federal Bureau of Investigation records and no-tification of disqualification, and corrective ac-tion by the individual who is the subject of an inquiry. ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATION AND SUBMISSION .—If the Administrator determines that full implementa-tion of the Rap Back Service is feasible and can be carried out in a manner that is consistent with current regulations for fingerprint-based criminal history checks, including the rights of individuals seeking credentials, the Adminis-trator shall submit such determination, in writ-ing, to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, together with information on the costs associated with such implementation, including the costs incurred by the private sector. In preparing this determina-tion, the Administrator shall consult with the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department to ensure that protocols are in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.005 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H827 February 23, 2016 
place to align the period of retention of person-ally identifiable information and biometric in-formation, including fingerprints, in the Rap Back Service with the period in which the indi-vidual who is the subject of an inquiry has a valid credential. ‘‘(f) C
REDENTIAL SECURITY .—By not later than September 30, 2015, the Administrator shall issue guidance to airports mandating that all federalized airport badging authorities place an expiration date on airport credentials commen-surate with the period of time during which an individual is lawfully authorized to work in the United States. ‘‘(g) A
VIATION WORKER LAWFUL STATUS .—By not later than December 31, 2015, the Adminis-trator shall review the denial of credentials due to issues associated with determining an appli-cant’s lawful status in order to identify airports with specific weaknesses and shall coordinate with such airports to mutually address such weaknesses, as appropriate. ‘‘(h) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Upon comple-tion of the determinations and reviews required under this section, the Administrator shall brief the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the results of such determinations and re-views.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1601 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1602. Vetting of aviation workers.’’. (c) S
TATUS UPDATE ON RAPBACK SERVICE  P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of plans to con-duct a pilot program in coordination with the Federal Bureau of Investigation of the Rap Back Service in accordance with subsection (c) of section 1602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section. The report shall include details on the business, technical, and resource requirements for the Transportation Security Administration and pilot program participants, and provide a timeline and goals for the pilot program. 
SEC. 110. AVIATION SECURITY ADVISORY COM-MITTEE CONSULTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall consult, to the extent practicable, with the Avia-tion Security Advisory Committee (established pursuant to section 44946 of title 49 of the United States Code) regarding any modification to the prohibited item list prior to issuing a de-termination about any such modification. (b) R
EPORT ON THE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY  O
VERSIGHT BOARD .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Transportation Security Oversight Board (established pursuant to section 115 of title 49, United States Code), the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that includes general informa-tion on how often the Board has met, the cur-rent composition of the Board, and what activi-ties the Board has undertaken, consistent with the duties specified in subsection (c) of such sec-tion. The Secretary may include in such report recommendations for changes to such section in consideration of the provisions of section 44946 of title 49, United States Code. (c) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Subparagraph (A) of section 44946(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of the Advisory Committee shall be two years but may continue until such time as a successor member begins serving on the Advisory Committee. A member of the Advisory Committee may be re-appointed.’’. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘prohibited item list’’ means the list of items passengers are prohibited from carrying as ac-cessible property or on their persons through passenger screening checkpoints at airports, into sterile areas at airports, and on board pas-senger aircraft, pursuant to section 1540.111 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in ef-fect on January 1, 2015). 
SEC. 111. PRIVATE CONTRACTOR CANINE EVAL-UATION AND INTEGRATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall establish a pilot program to evaluate the use, effectiveness, and integration of privately-operated explosives detection canine teams using both the passenger screening canine and traditional explosives detection canine methods. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The pilot program under sub-section (a) shall include the following elements: (1) A full-time presence in three Category X, two Category I, and one Category II airports. (2) A duration of at least twelve months from the time private contractor teams are operating at full capacity. (3) A methodology for evaluating how to inte-grate private contractor teams into the check-point area to detect explosive devices missed by mechanical or human error at other points in the screening process. (4) Covert testing with inert improvised explo-sive devices and accurately recreated explosives odor traces to determine the relative effective-ness of a full-time canine team in strengthening checkpoint security. (c) Q
UARTERLY UPDATES .—The Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate written updates on the procurement, deployment, and evaluation process related to the implementation of the pilot program under subsection (a) for every cal-endar quarter after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a final report on such pilot program. (e) F
UNDING .—Out of funds made available to the Office of the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, $6,000,000 is authorized to be used to carry out this section. 
SEC. 112. COVERT TESTING AT AIRPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter through 2020, the Adminis-trator shall conduct covert testing on an on- going basis to test vulnerabilities and identify weaknesses in the measures used to secure the aviation system of the United States. The Ad-ministrator shall, on a quarterly basis if prac-ticable, provide to the Inspector General of the Department such testing results, methodology, and data. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In carrying out the covert testing required under subsection (a), the Ad-ministrator shall— (1) consider security screening and procedures conducted by TSA; (2) use available threat information and intel-ligence to determine the types and sizes of simu-lated threat items and threat item-body location configurations for such covert testing; (3) use a risk-based approach to determine the location and number of such covert testing; (4) conduct such covert testing without noti-fying personnel at airports prior to such covert testing; and (5) identify reasons for failure when TSA per-sonnel or the screening equipment used do not identify and resolve any threat item used during such a covert test. (c) INDEPENDENT REVIEW .—The Inspector General of the Department shall conduct covert testing of the aviation system of the United States in addition to the covert testing con-ducted by the Administrator under subsection (a), as appropriate, and analyze TSA covert testing results, methodology, and data provided pursuant to such subsection to determine the sufficiency of TSA covert testing protocols. The Inspector General shall, as appropriate, com-pare testing results of any additional covert testing conducted pursuant to this subsection with the results of TSA covert testing under sub-section (a) to determine systemic weaknesses in the security of the aviation system of the United States. (d) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION .—Not later than 30 days upon completion of any covert testing under subsection (a), the Administrator shall make recommendations and implement correc-tive actions to mitigate vulnerabilities identified by such covert testing and shall notify the In-spector General of the Department of such rec-ommendations and actions. The Inspector Gen-eral shall review the extent to which such rec-ommendations and actions are implemented and the degree to which such recommendations and actions improve the security of the aviation sys-tem of the United States. (e) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— (1) B
Y THE ADMINISTRATOR .—Not later than 30 days upon completion of any covert testing under subsection (a), the Administrator shall brief the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the results of such covert testing. (2) B
Y THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DE -
PARTMENT .—The Inspector General shall brief the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate annually on the requirements specified in this section. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit the Admin-istrator or the Inspector General of the Depart-ment from conducting covert testing of the avia-tion system of the United States with greater frequency than required under this section. 
SEC. 113. TRAINING FOR TRANSPORTATION SECU-RITY OFFICERS. 
The Administrator shall, on a periodic basis, brief the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the status of ef-forts to enhance initial and recurrent training of Transportation Security Officers. TITLE II—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 201. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION INSPEC-TORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1304(d) of the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Commis-sion Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1113; Public Law 110– 53) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘surface’’ after ‘‘relevant’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘, as determined appropriate’’. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.005 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH828 February 23, 2016 
Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a re-port on the efficiency and effectiveness of the Administration’s Surface Transportation Secu-rity Inspectors Program under subsection (d) of section 1304 of the Implementing Recommenda-tions of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1113; Public Law 110–53). (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (b) shall include a review of the fol-lowing: (1) The roles and responsibilities of surface transportation security inspectors. (2) The extent to which the TSA has used a risk-based, strategic approach to determine the appropriate number of surface transportation security inspectors and resource allocation across field offices. (3) Whether TSA’s surface transportation reg-ulations are risk-based and whether surface transportation security inspectors have ade-quate experience and training to perform their day-to-day responsibilities. (4) Feedback from regulated surface transpor-tation industry stakeholders on the benefit of surface transportation security inspectors to the overall security of the surface transportation systems of such stakeholders and the consist-ency of regulatory enforcement. (5) Whether surface transportation security inspectors have appropriate qualifications to help secure and inspect surface transportation systems. (6) Whether TSA measures the effectiveness of surface transportation security inspectors. (7) Any overlap between the TSA and the De-partment of Transportation as such relates to surface transportation security inspectors in ac-cordance with section 1310 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1117; Public Law 110–53). (8) The extent to which surface transportation security inspectors review and enhance informa-tion security practices and enforce applicable information security regulations and directives. (9) Any recommendations relating to the effi-ciency and effectiveness of the TSA’s surface transportation security inspectors program. 
SEC. 202. INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT; TSA OF-FICE OF INSPECTION WORKFORCE CERTIFICATION. 
(a) I NSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Department shall analyze the data and methods that the Administrator uses to identify Office of Inspection employees of the Administration who meet the require-ments of sections 8331(20), 8401(17), and 5545a of title 5, United States Code, and provide the rel-evant findings to the Administrator, including a finding on whether such data and methods are adequate and valid. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON HIRING .—If the Inspector General of the Department finds that the data and methods referred to in paragraph (1) are in-adequate or invalid, the Administrator may not hire any new employee to work in the Office of Inspection of the Administration until— (A) the Administrator makes a certification described in subsection (b)(1) to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate; and (B) the Inspector General submits to such Committees a finding, not later than 30 days after the Administrator makes such certifi-cation, that the Administrator utilized adequate and valid data and methods to make such cer-tification. (b) TSA O
FFICE OF INSPECTION WORKFORCE  C
ERTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, by not later than 90 days after the date the Inspec-tor General of the Department provides its find-ings to the Assistant Secretary under subsection (a)(1), document and certify in writing to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate that only those Office of In-spection employees of the Administration who meet the requirements of sections 8331(20), 8401(17), and 5545a of title 5, United States Code, are classified as criminal investigators and are receiving premium pay and other bene-fits associated with such classification. (2) EMPLOYEE RECLASSIFICATION .—The Ad- ministrator shall reclassify criminal investigator positions in the Office of Inspection of the Ad-ministration as noncriminal investigator posi-tions or non-law enforcement positions if the in-dividuals in such positions do not, or are not ex-pected to, spend an average of at least 50 per-cent of their time performing criminal investiga-tive duties. (3) P
ROJECTED COST SAVINGS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-timate the total long-term cost savings to the Federal Government resulting from the imple-mentation of paragraph (2), and provide such estimate to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate by not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The estimate described in sub-paragraph (A) shall identify savings associated with the positions reclassified under paragraph (2) and include, among other factors the Admin-istrator considers appropriate, savings from— (i) law enforcement training; (ii) early retirement benefits; (iii) law enforcement availability and other premium pay; and (iv) weapons, vehicles, and communications devices. (c) S
TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date that the Administrator submits the certifi-cation under subsection (b)(1), the Inspector General of the Department shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a study— (1) reviewing the employee requirements, re-sponsibilities, and benefits of criminal investiga-tors in the Office of Inspection of the Adminis-tration with criminal investigators employed at agencies adhering to the Office of Personnel Management employee classification system; and (2) identifying any inconsistencies and costs implications for differences between the varying employee requirements, responsibilities, and benefits. 
SEC. 203. REPEAL OF BIENNIAL REPORTING RE-QUIREMENT FOR THE GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE RELATING TO THE TRANSPORTATION SECU-RITY INFORMATION SHARING PLAN. 
Subsection (u) of section 114 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by— (1) striking paragraph (7); and (2) redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively. 
SEC. 204. SECURITY TRAINING FOR FRONTLINE TRANSPORTATION WORKERS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a re-port regarding the status of the implementation of sections 1408 (6 U.S.C. 1137) and 1534 (6 U.S.C. 1184) of the Implementing Recommenda-tions of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53). The Administrator shall include in such report specific information on the chal-lenges that the Administrator has encountered since the date of the enactment of the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Commis-sion Act of 2007 with respect to establishing reg-ulations requiring the provision of basic security training to public transportation frontline em-ployees and over-the-road bus frontline employ-ees for preparedness for potential security threats and conditions. SEC. 205. FEASIBILITY ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a fea-sibility assessment of partnering with an inde-pendent, not-for-profit organization to help pro-vide venture capital to businesses, particularly small businesses, for commercialization of inno-vative homeland security technologies that are expected to be ready for commercialization in the near term and within 36 months. In con-ducting such feasibility assessment, the Admin-istrator shall consider the following: (1) Establishing an independent, not-for-profit organization, modeled after the In-Q-tel pro-gram, a venture capital partnership between the private sector and the intelligence community (as such term is defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)), to help businesses, particularly small businesses, commercialize innovative security-related tech-nologies. (2) Enhanced engagement, either through the Science and Technology Directorate of the De-partment of Homeland Security or directly, with the In-Q-tel program described in paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3584, the Transpor-tation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act. This critical bipartisan piece of legis-lation ensures several congressional oversight priorities for the Transpor-tation Security Administration are ad-dressed, including the authorization of the PreCheck program, the advance-ment of risk-based security initiatives, the enhancement of aviation worker vetting, and the improvement of air-port screening technologies. H.R. 3584 also takes numerous steps toward augmenting the effectiveness and efficiency of various TSA security programs within both the surface and aviation transportation sectors, and it requires the administrator to conduct an efficiency review of the entire agen-cy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.005 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H829 February 23, 2016 
Since assuming the chairmanship of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security at the beginning of this Con-gress, I have worked tirelessly with my colleagues to conduct rigorous over-sight of this troubled agency. This bill is a direct result of our bipartisan ef-forts, and I am pleased to stand before you and have the House consider this important legislation. If signed into law, this legislation will make a direct impact on the safety and security of the traveling public and America’s transportation systems. In an era of pronounced and evolving threats to the homeland, Congress must not wait to act in the best inter-ests of transportation security. Further, the often misdirected na-ture of the TSA requires that we, as legislators and overseers, fulfill our ob-ligation to reform this fledgling agency into an intelligence-driven organiza-tion. When I came to Congress, I pledged to my constituents that I would work hard to deliver results. I am proud of all the work the Committee on Home-land Security has done over the past year. I am honored to have the privi-lege to sponsor so many pieces of legis-lation that are helping to keep our country safe. I would like to thank Ranking Mem-ber R
ICEand Ranking Member T HOMP -
SONfor their time and attention to this important piece of legislation. I would also like to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), the chairman of the full committee, for his continued support of the subcommittee’s over-sight efforts and for ensuring impor-tant pieces of legislation, such as H.R. 3584, are considered on the House floor. The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s legislative results under the leadership of Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON are proof that, by working together in a bipar-tisan fashion, not only can we improve the security of our country, but we can demonstrate to the American people that Congress can actually work to-gether and deliver results. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 3584, the Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improve-ment Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that H.R. 3584 includes language authored by Ranking Member B
ENNIE THOMPSON to direct TSA to move away from how it identifies low-risk passengers for expe-dited airport screening. In recent years, both the Department of Homeland Security’s inspector gen-eral and the comptroller general have been very critical about the security risks of the so-called managed inclu-sion process. In response, Ranking Member T
HOMPSON introduced the Se-curing Expedited Screening Act, which was included in this measure. We all have an interest in TSA effec-tively managing airport screening. En-suring that a robust known-traveler program for low-risk travelers is built into TSA’s concept of screening oper-ations just makes sense. That is why I support the expansion of the PreCheck program, under which expedited screening is provided to trav-elers who have been fully vetted prior to arriving at the airport. I am pleased that H.R. 3584 includes provisions to expand the public’s en-rollment in the PreCheck program by, among other things, coordinating with the private sector to deploy TSA-ap-proved online and mobile enrollment centers. Another key to the effective manage-ment of airport screening is the main-tenance of the security equipment. I am pleased that H.R. 3584 includes lan-guage authored by Representative RICE, the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Transportation Security, to ensure that TSA puts in place sys-tems to ensure that when it comes to security-related technologies at our Nation’s airports, timely maintenance is done and documented. According to the DHS inspector gen-eral, without proper maintenance and documentation thereof, the TSA could possibly have to resort to using alter-nate screening methods, which could lead to the traveling public being less safe. H.R. 3584 also includes language adopted in the full committee to help businesses, particularly small busi-nesses, to be able to create innovative security technologies through public- private partnerships. b1615 Over the years, we have seen the lim-itations of various security tech-nologies in use at our airports. It is crucial that innovators continue to push the envelope in terms of detection and mitigation capabilities. Finally, as the Representative of a jurisdiction that relies heavily on mass transit, I am pleased that the bill seeks to ensure that frontline workers in our transportation sectors have the train-ing needed to react in worst-case sce-narios. The thwarted terrorist attack on a train traveling from Amsterdam to Paris last year underscores that mass transit continues to be a terrorist target. Mr. Speaker, these are only a few of the examples of provisions within this bill that will help to improve TSA op-erations and bolster the security of the American people. I urge support for this measure. I want to close by noting the bipar-tisan work that went into this legisla-tion. There is still much to be done in the transportation security space, but the legislation before us represents a step in the right direction to address issues within the surface and aviation transportation sectors. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the issues addressed in H.R. 3584 are of vital concern to the safety of our Nation’s security, and it is imperative that we send this bill to the Senate today. Congress cannot af-ford to wait to address critical issues that help advance and improve our se-curity. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R. 3584, the Transportation Secu-rity Administration Reform and Improvement Act, which would authorize, streamline, and identify efficiencies within the Transportation Security Administration. As a Senior Member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, I served as chair of this sub-committee and continue to support its work to improve transportation security. I currently serve as the Ranking Member on the House Judiciary Committee’s Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations. The work of the TSA is a front line Depart-ment of Homeland Security and it is not easy—it can in fact be very dangerous. Like many of my Colleagues, I recall the shooting incident at LAX last year that killed Gerardo Hernandez, who became the first TSA officer killed in the line of duty; and the machete attack at the Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport earlier this year that resulted in injuries to Senior Transpor-tation Security Officer Carol Richel. Each day, TSA processes an average of 1.7 million passengers at more than 450 airports across the nation. In 2012, TSA screened 637,582,122 pas-sengers. The Bush Intercontinental and the William P. Hobby Airports are essential hubs for do-mestic and international air travel for Houston and the region: Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through William P. Hobby (HOU). More than 650 daily departures occur at IAH. IAH is the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for total passenger traffic. IAH has 12 all-cargo airlines handling more than 419,205 metric tons of cargo in 2012. I believe that Congress has not done all that it could to make employees’ work easier—Se-questration, a government shutdown, and a delay in fully funding the Department of Home-land Security was not in the security interest of the nation. Reports issued by the Government Account-ability Office (GAO) and Department of Home-land Security Office of Inspector General (OIG) have identified shortcomings within the Agency, raising questions how effectively TSA is fulfilling its mission. Allegations about mismanagement, wasteful procedures, retaliation against whistleblowers, low morale, and security gaps within the Agency are causes for concern. Other issues related to inconsistent require-ments between what is written and what em-ployees are told is essential for them to suc-cessfully meet the agency’s standards for good performance needs work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.008 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH830 February 23, 2016 
The need for attention to TSA administrative procedures and due process within the agency to backstop decisions regarding reprimands or negative actions toward employees can be an essential step in addressing some morale issues that are related to uncertainty regarding the successful performance of duties. In other words, the same conduct by per-sons holding the same level of responsibility or positions within an airport results in the same positive or negative outcome. TSA is charged with: The protection of America’s transportation systems; monitoring the movement of people and supplies during their use of our transportation systems; and ensuring the effectiveness and integrity of gov-ernment agencies. H.R. 3584, directs the TSA to: ensure that all screening of passengers and their acces-sible property will be done in a risk-based, in-telligence-driven manner with consideration given to the privacy and civil liberties of such passengers; and operate the ‘‘TSA PreCheck’’ program in a manner that provides expedited screening for low-risk passengers and their accessible property based on a comprehen-sive and continuous analysis of factors. More needs to be done to support the men and women working on the front lines of our nation’s domestic security and that includes those who work at the TSA. I will continue to seek out opportunities to promote the mission of the TSA and role that TSA professionals fill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3584, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL STRATEGY TO COMBAT TERRORIST TRAVEL ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4408) to require the development of a national strategy to combat ter-rorist travel, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4408 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL STRATEGY TO COMBAT TER-RORIST TRAVEL. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that it should be the policy of the United States to— (1) continue to regularly assess the evolv-ing terrorist threat to the United States; (2) catalogue existing Federal Government efforts to obstruct terrorist and foreign fighter travel into, out of, and within the United States, as well as overseas; (3) identify such efforts that may benefit from reform or consolidation, or require elimination; (4) identify potential security vulnerabilities in United States defenses against terrorist travel; and (5) prioritize resources to address in a risk- based manner any such security vulnerabilities. (b) NATIONAL STRATEGY AND UPDATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with para-graph (2), the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a na-tional strategy (including, as appropriate, updates to such strategy) to combat ter-rorist travel. The strategy shall address ef-forts to intercept terrorists and foreign fighters and constrain the domestic and international travel of such persons. Con-sistent with the protection of classified in-formation, the strategy shall be submitted in unclassified form, including, as appropriate, a classified annex. (2) T
IMING .— (A) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—The initial national strategy required under paragraph (1) shall be transmitted not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) U
PDATED STRATEGIES .—Updated na-tional strategies under paragraph (1) shall be transmitted not later than 180 days after the commencement of a new presidential admin-istration. (3) C
OORDINATION .—The President shall di-rect the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop the initial national strategy and up-dates required under this subsection and shall direct, as appropriate, the heads of other Federal agencies to coordinate with the Secretary in the development of such strategy and updates. (4) C
ONTENTS .—The initial national strat-egy and updates required under this sub-section shall— (A) include an accounting and description of all Federal Government programs, projects, and activities to constrain domes-tic and international travel by terrorists and foreign fighters; (B) identify specific security vulnerabilities within the United States and abroad that may be exploited by terrorists and foreign fighters; (C) delineate goals for— (i) closing the security vulnerabilities identified in accordance with subparagraph (B); and (ii) enhancing the Federal Government’s ability to constrain domestic and inter-national travel by terrorists and foreign fighters; and (D) describe actions to be taken to achieve the goals delineated in subparagraph (C), as well as the means needed to do so, includ-ing— (i) steps to reform, improve, and stream-line existing Federal Government efforts to align with the current threat environment; (ii) new programs, projects, or activities that are requested, under development, or undergoing implementation; (iii) new authorities or changes in existing authorities needed from Congress; (iv) specific budget adjustments being re-quested to enhance United States security in a risk-based manner; and (v) an identification of Federal depart-ments and agencies responsible for specific actions described in this subparagraph. (5) S
UNSET .—The requirement to transmit updated national strategies under this sub-section shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) D
EVELOPMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION  P
LANS .—For each national strategy required under subsection (b), the President shall di-rect the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop an implementation plan for the De-partment of Homeland Security and coordi-nate with the heads of other relevant Fed-eral agencies to ensure the development of implementing plans for each such agency. (d) IMPLEMENTATION PLANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall trans-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees implementation plans for each na-tional strategy required under subsection (b). Consistent with the protection of classi-fied information, each such implementation plan shall be transmitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (2) T
IMING .—The implementation plans re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be trans-mitted simultaneously with each national strategy required under subsection (b). Such implementation plans shall be updated and transmitted to the appropriate congressional committees on an annual basis. (3) S
UNSET .—The requirement to transmit implementation plans under paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date that is ten years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section. (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) in the House of Representatives— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security; (B) the Committee on Armed Services; (C) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence; (D) the Committee on the Judiciary; (E) the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (F) the Committee on Appropriations; and (2) in the Senate— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; (B) the Committee on Armed Services; (C) the Select Committee on Intelligence; (D) the Committee on the Judiciary; (E) the Committee on Foreign Relations; and (F) the Committee on Appropriations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as a former Federal prosecutor, I have spent much of my life focusing on keeping Americans safe; but when I assumed office, I was taken aback by the lack of a coherent strategy to stop terrorists from infil-trating our country and to keep Ameri-cans from being lured to fight with jihadists overseas. That is why I gladly accepted the op-portunity to lead the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and For-eign Fighter Travel. I worked closely with my colleagues to identify our Na-tion’s top vulnerabilities and to close them quickly. Last September, we issued the Task Force’s final report, marking the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.006 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H831 February 23, 2016 
extensive public review since the 9/11 Commission of U.S. efforts to fight for-eign terrorist travel. We made 32 key findings and more than 50 rec-ommendations in that report for en-hancing our security. I am proud to say that, as of today, we have acted on al-most half of those already, including with several of the bills we are consid-ering today. H.R. 4408 would implement one of our top recommendations. It would require the President to send to Congress a Na-tional Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel and an actionable plan to imple-ment it. It has been nearly 10 years since the White House produced such a strategy, and since then, the threat has changed dramatically. Terror has gone viral, and violent extremists are recruiting at the speed of a re-tweet. The consequences for U.S. and inter-national security have been enormous. We have seen terrorist groups balloon into terrorist microstates capable of fielding their own armies. In fact, today in Syria and Iraq, we are wit-nessing the largest convergence of Islamist terrorists in history. Reports indicate nearly 40,000 indi-viduals from more than 120 countries have traveled there to join jihadist groups, including thousands from West-ern countries, like the United States. Many of these individuals have easy ac-cess to our country and could poten-tially return undetected to launch at-tacks, just as we saw happen in Paris. Yet, many of the counterterrorism programs we created after 9/11 are not suited for this new era and have not kept pace with the evolving threat. What is worse, there is no regular proc-ess in place in the executive branch for reviewing all of our defenses against terrorist travel to find security gaps and develop a plan to close them. Agencies are operating without clear, strategic guidance, and programs to counter terrorist travel are often not fully coordinated across the govern-ment spectrum. The result is that not only are we at greater risk that terror-ists will slip through the cracks, but we also are at greater risk of govern-ment waste, overlap, and duplication. This bill would force the administra-tion to assess all of the efforts in place to stop terrorists from crossing bor-ders, streamline them, identify secu-rity gaps, and prioritize taxpayer dol-lars where they are needed most. It would also, for the first time ever, re-quire the White House to produce a plan for intercepting foreign fighters. After 9/11, we spent a lot of time fo-cused on keeping terrorists from get-ting into our country, but we did not spend enough time focused on stopping terrorists from recruiting our citizens to leave it and become overseas operatives. Once they travel to ter-rorist safe havens, these individuals be-come a triple threat. They strengthen jihadist groups on the ground, incite followers back home to conduct at-tacks, and can return battle-hardened and prepared to carry out their own acts of violence on their homeland. Make no mistake: we are at war. ISIS has already been linked to nearly 75 plots against the West, including more than 20 against the U.S. homeland. Our adversaries are clearly dead set on at-tacking this country. We need to show the American people that we are dead set on defending it. I am proud of the bipartisan work of the task force and grateful for the close collaboration of Mr. K
EATING , Mr. P
AYNE , and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California on the Democratic side. I would like to especially thank Mr. V
ELAfor his continued support and sig-nificant contributions. I am, of course, indebted to my Republican colleagues on the task force for their hard work as well. I also want to thank my personal office assistant Tim Wang and com-mittee staff Tyler Lowe and Katy Flynn for their excellent work on this as well. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4408, the National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016. H.R. 4408 requires the development of a national strategy to combat terrorist travel by bolstering efforts to intercept terrorists and foreign fighters, while also constraining their domestic and international travel. I applaud the work of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel. One of the many findings of the task force’s final report was that it has been a decade since the executive branch produced a government-wide plan to constrain terrorist travel. In the years since the issuance of the last govern-ment-wide plan in 2006, many programs aimed at restricting or preventing ter-rorist travel have changed or ended and new programs have been created. The task force found that hundreds of programs, projects, and initiatives have sprouted up to combat terrorist travel since 9/11, but there is no over-arching strategy to coordinate them. Importantly, H.R. 4408 requires that the strategy include an updated, full accounting and description of Amer-ica’s terror travel preventative and protective measures. This accounting should provide a valuable baseline for future efforts to prevent terrorist trav-el. H.R. 4408 requires the President to submit to Congress a national strategy focused on disrupting and intercepting terrorists and foreign fighters. The strategy is to include an accounting of all U.S. Government programs to con-strain terrorist travel, identify gaps and how they will be closed, and de-scribe actions to eliminate waste, over-lap, and duplication of efforts. The evolving nature of the terrorist threat demands a whole-of-government approach. A national strategy with im-plementation plans for each Federal agency involved, as H.R. 4408 requires, has the potential to deliver real secu-rity advances. As such, I support H.R. 4408, and I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill, H.R. 4408. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4408, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on that, I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DHS ACQUISITION DOCUMENTA-TION INTEGRITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4398) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to provide for re-quirements relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4398 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Acqui-sition Documentation Integrity Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY ACQUISITION DOCUMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 708. ACQUISITION DOCUMENTATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For each major acquisi-tion program, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management, shall require the head of a relevant component or office to— ‘‘(1) maintain acquisition documentation that is complete, accurate, timely, and valid and that includes, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) operational requirements that are validated consistent with Departmental pol-icy and changes to those requirements, as appropriate; ‘‘(B) a complete lifecycle cost estimate with supporting documentation; ‘‘(C) verification of the lifecycle cost esti-mate against independent cost estimates, and reconciliation of any differences; ‘‘(D) a cost-benefit analysis with sup-porting documentation; and ‘‘(E) a schedule, including, as appropriate, an integrated master schedule; ‘‘(2) prepare cost estimates and schedules for major acquisition programs, as required 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.011 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH832 February 23, 2016 
under subparagraphs (B) and (E), in a man-ner consistent with best practices as identi-fied by the Comptroller General of the United States; and ‘‘(3) submit certain acquisition documenta-tion to the Secretary to produce an annual comprehensive report on the status of de-partmental acquisitions for submission to Congress. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—On a case-by-case basis, the Secretary may waive the requirement under paragraph (3) of subsection (a) for a fiscal year if either— ‘‘(1) the program has not— ‘‘(A) entered the full rate production phase in the acquisition lifecycle; ‘‘(B) had a reasonable cost estimate estab-lished; and ‘‘(C) had a system configuration defined fully; or ‘‘(2) the program does not meet the defini-tion of capital asset, as such term is defined by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—At the same time the President’s budget is sub-mitted for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall make information available, as applica-ble, to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate information on the requirement under subsection (a) in the prior fiscal year that includes the fol-lowing specific information regarding each program for which the Secretary has issued a waiver under subsection (b): ‘‘(1) The grounds for granting a waiver for that program. ‘‘(2) The projected cost of that program. ‘‘(3) The proportion of a component’s or of-fice’s annual acquisition budget attributed to that program, as available. ‘‘(4) Information on the significance of the program with respect to the component’s op-erations and execution of its mission. ‘‘(d) M
AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘major ac-quisition program’ means a Department ac-quisition program that is estimated by the Secretary to require an eventual total ex-penditure of at least $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2016 constant dollars) over its lifecycle cost.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by adding after the item related to section 707 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 708. Acquisition documentation.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4398, the Department of Home-land Security Acquisition Documenta-tion Integrity Act. This legislation requires the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to improve management of its major purchases of systems to secure the border, better screen travelers, protect our shores, and other vital missions. Too often DHS has failed to docu-ment what these programs will cost, when they will be complete, and what they will deliver. It is unacceptable to spend billions of taxpayer dollars and not document this important informa-tion. H.R. 4398 will help our committee and congressional watchdogs hold the Department accountable, and ensure taxpayers dollars are being spent in an efficient and effective manner. This bill uses language similar to H.R. 3572, the DHS Headquarters Re-form and Improvement Act, which also includes language that would com-prehensively reform DHS’ acquisition process. H.R. 3572 passed the House unanimously in October of last year, but has yet to be acted upon in the Senate. This important, bipartisan legisla-tion will improve the oversight and management of billions of taxpayer dollars. It would empower DHS leaders to hold programs accountable, increase transparency for Congress, and require DHS to articulate a roadmap for how it spends billion of dollars to secure America. Safeguarding Americans’ hard-earned taxpayer dollars is why our constitu-ents sent us to Washington. I urge the Senate to act swiftly on these bills to improve the management of the De-partment of Homeland Security. I commend Ranking Member WATSON  C
OLEMAN for her leadership on this issue, and I ask all Members to join me in support of this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4398, the DHS Acquisition Documenta-tion Integrity Act of 2016. I introduced this legislation to ensure that, when it comes to managing acquisitions, the Department of Homeland Security gets the fundamentals right. H.R. 4398 would require ‘‘complete, accurate, timely, and valid’’ docu-mentation to be maintained for each of the Department’s major acquisition programs. A major acquisition program is defined as one with a life-cycle cost estimated at $300 million or more. Later this week, the subcommittee on which I serve as ranking member will be conducting an oversight hearing about an acquisition that is, to my mind, a textbook case of why my legis-lation is so critical. After more than 12 years of effort at delivering a Department-wide human resource IT system and the expenditure of hundreds of millions of dollars, DHS has virtually nothing to show for it. b1630 That acquisition, the Human Re-source Information Technology pro-gram, or HRIT, lacked basic acquisi-tion documentation, including a valid cost estimate and schedule. Under H.R. 4398, DHS would have to maintain current cost estimates and schedules for major acquisition pro-grams. These sources of critical infor-mation for acquisition decisionmakers would have to conform to best prac-tices, as identified by the Government Accountability Office. Additionally, each component head within DHS would be obligated to sub-mit acquisition documentation to the Secretary for the production of an an-nual comprehensive report to Congress on the status of the acquisition. Under H.R. 4398, the Secretary could only waive these requirements in very lim-ited circumstances. Mr. Speaker, for the reasons I have outlined here, I urge support for H.R. 4398. Mr. Speaker, anything less than an up-to-date acquisition documentation increases the odds of cost and schedule overruns. It also risks delayed delivery of critical capabilities and wastefully depletes resources that could be put to better use to protect the homeland. The Homeland Security Committee favorably reported H.R. 4398 on Feb-ruary 2 by a unanimous vote, and I thank my colleague for being a part of that. The fact that this legislation is co-sponsored by Representatives MCCAUL and T
HOMPSON , the chairman and rank-ing member of our committee, reflects a strong commitment to bolstering the effectiveness of DHS acquisition pro-grams. I urge passage of H.R. 4398, a bill that will help ensure that DHS is a good steward of taxpayer dollars and can provide DHS operators in the field with the tools they need to protect the American people. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4398. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4398, ‘‘DHS Acquisition Documentation Integrity Act of 2016.’’ I support this bill because it requires the DHS to produce cost estimates and schedules for all major acquisition programs and to main-tain complete and accurate documentation of these projects. Specifically, for all programs expected to cost $300 million or more over its lifecycle, the department must maintain complete, accurate, timely and valid acquisition documentation. This bill will set a standard for all programs under DHS to follow and will save programs money and time. Government Accountability Office (GAO) re-viewed 22 major programs in DHS and out of 22 major programs: 1. GAO was unable to access six programs (including four in Customs and Border Protec-tion). 2. The remaining 14 programs experienced schedule slips and cost growths. On average, these program milestones slipped more than three and a half year, and their life-cycle cost estimates increased by $9.7 billion, or 18 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.008 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H833 February 23, 2016 
As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, I believe this act will maintain a standard across the board for programs to fol-low the Government Accountability Office’s (GAO’s) best practices. The Department of Homeland Security is constantly changing to fit the needs of our ever-changing world and there is a need of transparency between the DHS and GAO. This bill further requires that cost estimates and schedules for major acquisition programs be consistent with best practices as identified by GAO. Finally this bill limits the Secretary’s author-ity to waive acquisition documentation require-ments for a report to Congress on the status of major acquisition programs. This sets forth narrow conditions where waivers could be granted for a fiscal year, and requiring the Secretary to report annually to the Congressional homeland-security commit-tees on each use of waiver authority during the preceding fiscal year. This bill creates an accountability model for the DHS which creates transparency between GAO and DHS and saves programs time and money, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4398. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FOREIGN FIGHTER REVIEW ACT OF 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4402) to require a review of information regarding persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to support ter-rorist organizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4402 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT REVIEW OF CERTAIN FOREIGN FIGHTERS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President, acting through the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall initiate a review of known instances since 2011 in which a person has traveled or attempted to travel to a con-flict zone in Iraq or Syria from the United States to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization. Such review shall— (1) include relevant unclassified and classi-fied information held by the United States Government related to each instance; (2) ascertain which factors, including oper-ational issues, security vulnerabilities, sys-temic challenges, or other issues that may have undermined efforts to prevent the trav-el of such persons to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria from the United States, including the timely identification of suspects, infor-mation sharing, intervention, and interdic-tion; and (3) identify lessons learned and areas for improvement to prevent additional travel by such persons to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria, or other terrorist safe havens abroad, to join or provide material support or re-sources to a terrorist organization. (b) INFORMATION SHARING .—If necessary, the President shall direct the heads of rel-evant Federal agencies to provide the appro-priate information necessary for the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to complete the review required under subsection (a). (c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall, consistent with the protection of classified information, submit to the appro-priate congressional committees the results of the review required under subsection (a), which may include information on travel routes of greatest concern. (d) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) in the House of Representatives— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security; (ii) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence; (iii) the Committee on the Judiciary; (iv) the Committee on Armed Services; (v) the Committee on Foreign Affairs; (vi) the Committee on Financial Services; and (vii) the Committee on Appropriations; and (B) in the Senate— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; (ii) the Select Committee on Intelligence; (iii) the Committee on the Judiciary; (iv) the Committee on Armed Services; (v) the Committee on Foreign Relations; (vi) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and (vii) the Committee on Appropriations. (2) M
ATERIAL SUPPORT OR RESOURCES .—The term ‘‘material support or resources’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2339A of title 18, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, there have been over 250 cases of Americans attempting to trav-el to Syria and Iraq in order to support terrorist groups since 2011. Overall, 85 percent of Westerners attempting to join groups like ISIS are succeeding without being apprehended by law en-forcement officials. The ability to make it to a war zone has grave consequences. Those who have been radicalized gain firsthand knowledge and training, making them an even greater threat. There is a clear breakdown in our ability to identify and then prevent these individuals from leaving the country in the first place. That is why I introduced the Foreign Fighter Re-view Act of 2016. The bill requires the Department of Homeland Security to study and iden-tify all known foreign fighter travel in an effort to highlight the specific chal-lenges and impediments that law en-forcement faces in its attempts to stop individuals from joining terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria. DHS should already be collecting this kind of data and conducting this type of analysis. The findings from this type of study are crucial to informing Con-gress on additional steps we can take to improve the security of our Nation. This was a key finding in the bipar-tisan Task Force on Combating Ter-rorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, of which I was a member. It is imperative that we get the right information to the right people at the right time to catch those who have been radicalized before they leave the country, not after they have gained combat experience and returned to the homeland. The Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016 is the first step towards get-ting our law enforcement agencies the tools that they need to do just that. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4402, the Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4402 requires the President, through the Department of Homeland Security, to review informa-tion regarding persons who have trav-eled or attempted to travel from the United States to Syria and Iraq since 2011 to support terrorist organizations. This legislation reflects a rec-ommendation issued by the Committee on Homeland Security’s Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel in its final report. The report found that a large number of U.S. persons have been able to travel to dangerous terrorist safe havens in Iraq and Syria and return to the United States without interdiction. I believe there is a lot to be learned from the in-stances where we failed to interdict persons who traveled to terrorist safe havens. These ‘‘lessons learned’’ could reveal systematic weaknesses in our security programs and highlight areas for enhancements. While many Federal agencies have completed individual reviews of cases within their purview, a coordinated and comprehensive interagency after- action review has never been under-taken. H.R. 4402 would require just such a review. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.009 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH834 February 23, 2016 
H.R. 4402 has the potential to strengthen coordination across the Federal Government to help prevent U.S. persons from exploiting vulnera-bilities in our security apparatus to travel under the radar to terrorist camps and safe havens in the future. As such, Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4402. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). Mr. KATKO. I thank the distin-guished gentleman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, after having spent much of the last year heading a bipar-tisan task force with the author of this bill, Mr. H
URD, it became clear that we are not winning the fight to keep Americans from being recruited by ter-rorist groups. The majority of our citizens who have tried to go to join ISIS have suc-ceeded in doing so. They were not stopped by law enforcement. And while authorities have worked hard and have disrupted serious plots, we have got to do more to shut down the foreign fight-er pipeline. On the House Homeland Security Committee, we are constantly briefed about the new threat streams, the soaring number of terror investigations here at home, and the Americans being lured to fight in places like Syria alongside ISIS. We cannot simply listen to this infor-mation and sit on our hands. We need to act. I commend my colleague for this bill and for implementing one of our important task force recommenda-tions. We need to conduct a top-to-bottom review of instances where Americans were recruited to fight with jihadist groups abroad, and we need to figure out where we could have done more to stop it. This is why I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 4402, the Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016. This legislation will ensure that our government takes a hard look at how to better deter, de-tect, and disrupt terrorist travel, espe-cially when it involves our own citi-zens. But this will not be some review that is ordered and then forgotten. The ad-ministration is required to return to Congress with the ‘‘lessons learned’’ from these recent cases so that we can fix the problem, rather than allow it to persist. My colleague has a wealth of knowl-edge that proved to be invaluable dur-ing the past year on the task force when we focused on these issues. I would like to conclude by thanking Mr. H
URDfor his steadfast leadership, espe-cially on national security issues. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I again urge passage of H.R. 4402, a bill that seeks to improve the Federal Government’s under-standing of the circumstances sur-rounding travel or attempted travel from the U.S. to terrorist safe havens in Syria and Iraq. Under this measure, the review is to be submitted to Congress within 120 days of enactment. The findings of that review have the potential to inform policymakers as we work to strengthen our ability to prevent travel to ter-rorist sanctuaries and terrorism at large. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4402. I would like to thank both the gentleman from New York for his leadership on the task force and my colleague from New Jersey for her work on the Homeland Security Committee. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4402 the ‘‘Foreign Fighter Re-view Act of 2016,’’ which requires the presi-dent, acting through the Homeland Security Secretary, to initiate a review of known in-stances since 2011 in which a person has traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization. As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and In-vestigations, I take seriously threats to the se-curity of the homeland and our responsibility to put in place adequate measures to defeat them. That is why in the first session of this Con-gress I introduced H.R. 48 ‘‘No Fly for Foreign Fighters Act,’’ which reviews the completeness of the Terrorist Screening Database and the terrorist watch list utilized by the Transpor-tation Security Administration. I support H.R. 4402 because it would evalu-ate any flaws in existing programs or proce-dures that aim to prevent such travel and identify ways to improve their effectiveness. Since 2011, more than 30,000 foreign fight-ers from over 100 different countries have traveled to Syria and Iraq to fight for ISIL. In the last 18 months, the number of foreign fighters traveling to Syria and Iraq has more than doubled. In the first six months of 2015, more than 7,000 foreign fighters have arrived in Syria and Iraq. According to a report issued last year by the Committee on Homeland Security’s Foreign Fighter Task Force, U.S. officials apprehended less than 20 percent (28/250) of Americans who sought to travel to the region. The report also found that while information sharing had improved, there is currently no comprehensive global database of foreign fighters. It is estimated that at 250 persons who have traveled to Syria or Iraq to join ISIS hold American citizenship. Since these persons who identify with the terrorist aims of ISIS can leave and enter the United States, it is critically important that American customs and security officials have the most accurate and effective terrorist screening tools available. H.R. 4402 helps address this problem by identifying areas for improvement to prevent additional travel by ‘‘Foreign Fighters’’ to con-flict zones in areas such as Iraq, Syria, or other terrorist safe havens abroad, to join or provide material support or resources to a ter-rorist organization. Specifically, H.R. 4402 directs the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to conduct a review and report to the Congress on the following: 1. Relevant unclassified and classified infor-mation held by the U.S. government related to each instance: 2. The factors including operational issues, security vulnerabilities and systemic chal-lenges that may have undermined efforts to prevent the travel of such persons to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria, including the timely iden-tification of suspects, information sharing, intervention and interdiction. 3. The lessons learned and areas for im-provement to prevent additional travel by such persons to conflict zones or other terrorist safe havens. The bill also requires the President to direct the heads of relevant federal agencies to pro-vide to the Homeland Security Secretary the information needed to complete the review, which is due within 120 days of enactment. Mr. Speaker, it is encouraging that progress has been made in preventing individuals in-spired by the Islamic State and other Islamic extremist groups to either travel to Syria and Iraq or carry out attacks on U.S. soil, but we need to do more and remain ever vigilant to protect the security of our homeland. H.R. 4402 is a positive step in the right di-rection and I urge all Members to support this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4402, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 41 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.017 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H835 February 23, 2016 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4408, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4402, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
NATIONAL STRATEGY TO COMBAT TERRORIST TRAVEL ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4408) to require the develop-ment of a national strategy to combat terrorist travel, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 0, not voting 41, as follows: 
[Roll No. 83] YEAS—392 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—41 
Babin Blackburn Buchanan Butterfield Byrne Clyburn Cook Cummings Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Fattah Fincher Fortenberry Gallego Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Herrera Beutler Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Kelly (IL) Lee Marchant Napolitano Perry Poe (TX) Price (NC) Richmond Roby Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Simpson Smith (WA) Vela Walden Welch Yarmuth b1851 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 83 on February 23, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-day, February 23, 2016, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 83. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass H.R. 4408—National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016, as amended. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR VIC-TIMS OF KALAMAZOO SHOOT-INGS (Mr. UPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, Michigan has had some tough times lately—Flint and now Kalamazoo—which was rocked this past weekend by terrible random acts of violence that took six lives. I rise today with my Michigan col-leagues to offer support and encourage-ment for the victims’ friends and fami-lies. We should continue to keep them in our hearts and in our minds. I want to thank the countless folks on the front lines who helped prevent this tragedy from, yes, even being worse. The swift actions of those on the ground deserve to be commended, particularly the Kalamazoo Sheriff’s Department, led by Sheriff Richard Fuller, Kalamazoo Public Safety Chief Jeff Hadley, and Mayor Bobby Hope-well. I ask my colleagues and those who hear this message across the country to pray for the families of the six vic-tims and the recovery of the two in-jured, including 14-year-old Abigail Kopf of Battle Creek, who is fighting for her life, and Tiana Carruthers of Richland Township, who put herself in front of two children and was shot mul-tiple times. It is heartbreaking, but we know that our Kalamazoo community can and will recover from this tragedy. We will never forget what happened. We re-member the lives of Mary Lou Nye of Baroda; Mary Jo Nye, Dorothy Brown, and Barbara Hawthorne of Battle Creek; and Tyler Smith and his dad, Richard Smith, of Mattawan. This tragedy will not define us, it will not divide us, and it will not defeat us. We are Kalamazoo. I ask that the House pause for a mo-ment of silence in honor of those im-pacted by the tragic events in Kala-mazoo. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.020 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH836 February 23, 2016 
FOREIGN FIGHTER REVIEW ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4402) to require a review of information regarding persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to support ter-rorist organizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 397, nays 0, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 84] YEAS—397 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—36 
Babin Blackburn Buchanan Butterfield Byrne Cicilline Clyburn Cook Cummings Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Fattah Fincher Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Herrera Beutler Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Kelly (IL) Marchant Napolitano Neal Perry Poe (TX) Price, Tom Roby Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Vela Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote) (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1901 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, dur-ing rollcall vote No. 84 on February 23, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 84, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 84. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4402—Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016, as amended. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 83 and 84, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall vote No. 83 (H.R. 4408) and rollcall vote No. 84 (H.R. 4402). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on both missed votes. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, I request to have it noted in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD that I was unable to vote on Tuesday, February 23, 2016 due to important events in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On pas-sage of H.R. 4408, the National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016, as amended, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On pas-sage of H.R. 4402, the Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016, as amended, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3624, FRAUDULENT JOINDER PREVENTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–428) on the resolution (H. Res. 618) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3624) to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2406, SPORTSMEN’S HERIT-AGE AND RECREATIONAL EN-HANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–429) on the resolution (H. Res. 619) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.022 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H837 February 23, 2016 
EXPRESSING THE CONDOLENCES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES ON THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE ANTONIN SCALIA, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF THE SU-PREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 620 Resolved, That the House has heard with profound sorrow of the death of the Honor-able Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Resolved, That the House tenders its deep sympathy to the members of the family of the late Associate Justice in their bereave-ment. Resolved, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions to the Senate and to the Supreme Court and transmit a copy of the same to the family of the late Associate Jus-tice. Resolved, That when the House adjourns today, it adjourn as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of the late Associate Justice. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, we are adopting this resolution today in honor of Justice Antonin Gregory Scalia. His passion, his eloquence, his intel-ligence, and, indeed, his courageous de-fense of our Constitution was un-matched. He exemplified how prin-ciples should be practiced and served as an irreplaceable beacon and guardian of federalism, of the separation of pow-ers, and of liberty throughout his serv-ice on the bench. Our country has not only lost a great man but a profound man, a principled man, and a good man. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CERE-MONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL COL-LECTIVELY TO THE 65TH INFAN-TRY REGIMENT, KNOWN AS THE ‘‘BORINQUENEERS’’ Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on House Ad-ministration be discharged from fur-ther consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 113, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 113 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE BORINQUENEERS. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on April 13, 2016, for a ceremony to present the Congres-sional Gold Medal collectively to the 65th In-fantry Regiment, known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers’’, in recognition of its pio-neering military service, devotion to duty, and many acts of valor in the face of adver-sity. Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in ac-cordance with such conditions as the Archi-tect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Tuesday, February 23, 2016: H.R. 644, to reauthorize trade facili-tation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE EDEN PRAIRIE GIRLS HOCKEY TEAM (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Eden Prairie Girls Hockey Team for winning the Minnesota High School State cham-pionship last weekend. The Eagles prevailed in a tight con-test over Maple Grove in the title game when Lauren Eberle scored the game- winning goal in overtime. The 3–2 vic-tory marks the third State title for Eden Prairie in the last 11 years. Eden Prairie was led by goals from Anna Gravelle and Rachel Werdin, along with a strong performance between the pipes by Alexa Dobchuk. Madam Speaker, it takes commit-ment, it takes hard work, and it takes teamwork and dedication to achieve a State championship. This is even more especially impressive with the amount of time that these student athletes spend together in their studying, excel-ling in school, and participating in other extracurricular activities. Congratulations to the players, to the coaches, to the families, and to the fans of the Eden Prairie Girls Hockey Team. Our community is very proud of you. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, there is senseless gun violence. Over the past weekend in our com-munity, a young man who was 19 years old, who worked in a pizzeria, was gunned down. The story says that, dur-ing this robbery, he attempted to re-spond to the killer’s demands. In spite of that, he was gunned down—mur-dered. We have listened to the sad but elo-quent comments of our colleagues from Michigan of vicious gun violence—of a person with 11 guns in his home. Yes, as many say, people kill; guns don’t— but they use guns to kill. It is time for this Congress, as many police officers have said to me, to get its hands around the rampage of guns and gun violence, of senseless killings, of bad guys—some good guys—killing people with guns. It is important to close the gun show loophole, to be able to use and to demand science and safe-ty restraints. I am appalled, but I am outraged. Enough is enough of innocent people being killed by gun violence. f 
THE HOUSE WILL STOP THE CLOSURE OF GUANTANAMO BAY (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, today, our administration announced that they would go against the American people and shut down Guantanamo Bay Cuba, GTMO. The detainees being held at GTMO are there for one reason—our Constitu-tion. The administration wants to give the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the same constitu-tional rights he took from nearly 3,000 innocent Americans whom he killed on September 11, 2001. All of the detainees at GTMO were captured by our mili-tary on the battleground, not by the police. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was never told he had the right to remain silent when he was captured. Does he go free? Is there another loophole to his freedom? Our administration’s actions are against the will of the American people and are dangerous. This House and I will stop them. 
f 
BOKO HARAM (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Wear Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. Right now, many female victims in Nigeria escaped the sexual violence of Boko Haram only to face ill treatment and mistrust in their communities. Even worse, the children who are the result of rape are scorned, deemed born of bad blood. We must do what we can to ensure that the next generation of Nigerians 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.024 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH838 February 23, 2016 
is free of Boko Haram. I am pleased I will be joining the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade of the Committee on Foreign Affairs tomorrow as it holds a hearing on Boko Haram. I hope the rest of the Congress will also wake up to Boko Haram’s atrocities. The girls are still alive, but are still missing. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls and to tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. Remember to wear something red every Wednesday. It can be shoes, a belt, a flower, a tie, a handkerchief, jewelry—anything. Just wear some-thing red. We cannot forget the vio-lence in Nigeria by Boko Haram. 
f 
HONORING PENN STATE DANCE MARATHON (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the annual Penn State Dance Mara-thon, or ‘‘THON,’’ which was held over the past weekend on Pennsylvania State University’s main campus in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. THON is the largest student-run phi-lanthropy in the world, raising funds and awareness for the battle against pediatric cancer. Since 1977, THON has raised more than $127 million for the Four Dia-monds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children’s Hospital. Each year, people from across Pennsylvania and even the Nation gather at the Bryce Jordan Center for THON, including Penn State students, university alum, and the par-ents and the children who have been impacted by childhood cancer. To the organizers of this wonderful event, I want you to know just how proud I am of your efforts. It was just announced that this year’s dance mara-thon raised nearly $9.8 million. I continue to be amazed by the good works of this student-run organization, and I wish them the best of luck in their planning for next year. 
f 
b1915 CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD (Mr. LARSON of Connecticut asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the Bipar-tisan Policy Center for establishing the Congressional Patriot Award and nam-ing S
AMJOHNSON and J OHNLEWIS as its first recipients. On March 15, at the Library of Con-gress, with David Rubenstein presiding, we will talk about their extraordinary lives and their contributions to this in-stitution; wherein, they will be given a medal in their names which forever-more will be perpetuated by this body where both a Democrat and a Repub-lican will receive this distinguished award based on the patriotism that they provided to their Nation. I cannot think of two more exem-plary figures in this body than SAM J
OHNSON , who was nearly beaten to death in the Vietcong and imprisoned for 7 years, 42 months of solitary con-finement, and J
OHN LEWIS, who was nearly beaten to death by the Alabama police after crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge. Please join us at the Library of Con-gress. We will be here on the floor every day with my co-chair, T
OMCOLE, to talk about this great event in their honor. 
f 
SUPPORTING GUARDIAN HANDS FOUNDATION’S 3RD ANNUAL WALK AGAINST RARE DISEASES (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to support the Guardian Hands Foundation in its 3rd Annual Walk Against Rare Diseases, taking place this Sunday, February 28th, in Hialeah Gardens. In the United States, a disease is con-sidered rare if it impacts less than 200,000 people, but there are over 7,000 recognized rare diseases. So, when taken as a whole, nearly 1 in 10 Americans are living with a rare disease. Nearly 50 percent of those, Mr. Speaker, are children with rare dis-eases. How tragic. The Guardian Hands Foundation con-tinues to raise awareness about the unique experiences of South Floridians impacted by rare diseases, and it serves as an important voice of hope and in-spiration for families across our area. So please come and enjoy some won-derful exercise this weekend. Join our community at the 3rd Annual Walk Against Rare Diseases. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today is our first opportunity to remember and honor the life and legacy of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, with a further tribute tonight by Congresswoman B
ARBARA  C
OMSTOCK of Virginia. I am grateful for Justice Scalia’s life-time of service to our country and his dedication to protecting and defending the Constitution. In the nearly three decades he served on the Supreme Court, he was renowned for his bril-liant opinion, sharp wit, and engaging debate with attorneys. His dedication to a strict interpreta-tion of the Constitution never wavered, and he was beloved by his colleagues on the Court. He promoted the real con-stitutional intent, for judges to inter-pret the law, not legislating under-mining democracy. Nominated by President Ronald Reagan in 1986 and confirmed unani-mously by the Senate, Justice Scalia was the Court’s voice for opinions that upheld conservative values, such as the District of Columbia v. Heller, defend-ing the right to bear arms by the Sec-ond Amendment. Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Maureen, their children, and grandchildren. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
GUANTANAMO BAY (Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in response to President Obama’s announcement of his plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility and transfer the detainees to the United States. We, as a Congress, made our position on the closing of Guantanamo Bay clear when we passed—and the Presi-dent signed—the defense authorization and appropriations bills for 2016, which explicitly prohibit the President from closing the facility or transferring any of the detainees to the United States. Additionally, on October 1, I joined 15 of my House colleagues who have served or continue to serve in the mili-tary in sending a letter to the Joint Chiefs of Staff requesting that they ac-knowledge that the execution of any proposal put forth by the President to close GTMO would be in violation of Federal law. In response to the letter, the Joint Chiefs of Staff confirmed that the ‘‘cur-rent law prohibits the use of funds to ‘transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release’ of detainees from Guantanamo Bay to or within the United States’’ and that they ‘‘will not take any action contrary to those re-strictions.’’ Mr. Speaker, the President’s primary function is to enforce the law, not break it. Moving KSM to the United States and availing him to our courts to fulfill personal, political goals is not only irresponsible, but potentially ex-tremely reckless. 
f 
AMERICAN HEART MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize February as American Heart Month. Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States. Every 43 seconds, someone in the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.027 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H839 February 23, 2016 
dies of a heart attack. Fortunately, re-search has determined actions we can take to prevent this disease and other heart conditions. As a member of the Fitness Caucus here in the House of Representatives, I work to promote an active lifestyle as a preventive measure for many dis-eases, including heart disease. High blood pressure often shows no signs or symptoms, which is why hav-ing your blood pressure checked regu-larly is very important. It is easy to get your blood pressure checked. You can get it screened at your doc-tor’s office and drugstores. You could even check it yourself at home using a home blood pressure monitor. The CDC and their Million Hearts ef-fort is aiming to prevent 1 million heart attacks and strokes in the United States by 2017. To do that, they are encouraging Americans to make control their goal. If you know you have high blood pressure, ask your doc-tor what your blood pressure should be and set a goal. Together we can raise awareness and save lives. 
f 
PHILLIP RIGGS RECEIVES MUSIC EDUCATOR AWARD (Mr. WALKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand today to recognize my constituent, Phillip Riggs, who was the recipient of the third annual Music Ed-ucator Award presented by the GRAMMY Foundation. The Music Educator Award was es-tablished to recognize current edu-cators who have made a significant contribution to the field of music edu-cation. Phillip was selected out of 4,500 nominations submitted from all 50 States. Phillip is a native of Mount Airy, North Carolina, and is currently the music instructor at the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics in Durham, North Carolina. Phillip was exposed to music in other traditional ways as well. His father was a leader of the church choir during childhood. Phillip is also the recipient of the Ex-ceptional Contribution in Outreach Award presented annually by the Uni-versity of North Carolina Board of Gov-ernors. Thank you, Mr. Riggs, for rep-resenting North Carolina honorably, for your tremendous career in music education, and for inspiring musicians across our State and our Nation. 
f 
GUANTANAMO BAY (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the safety and secu-rity of every single American, and I stand in opposition to the President’s plan to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Let me be clear. Bringing the world’s most dangerous terrorists to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, or anywhere in the United States is a request that Congress cannot and shall not honor. The President, however, continues to try to move forward on this in spite of vocal American opposition and bipar-tisan legislation that this Congress has passed and that this President has signed into law which prohibits bring-ing these known terrorists onto Amer-ican soil and closing the facility in Cuba. Mr. Speaker, nothing changes today. We will not put our national security at risk. We will not unilaterally disarm ourselves in the war on terror, volun-tarily giving up intelligence-gathering capabilities and putting our commu-nities in the cross-hairs of terrorists. What we simply ask is that the Presi-dent, as Commander in Chief, execute the law and follow the Constitution. That’s why, as a Congress, we must stand up and do everything in our power to stop the administration’s transfer of these terrorists to Amer-ican soil and to stop the President from closing the Guantanamo Bay fa-cility. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF SUPREME COURT JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, be-fore I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, this Special Order is meant to honor the life and three decades of service of As-sociate Justice of the United States Supreme Court Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia was a person of great joy, great intellect, great wit, and great faith. Our Nation suffered a tre-mendous loss on February 13 with the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia. My husband Chip and I, my parents, and our children are deeply saddened by the passing of our friend, our neigh-bor, and, of course, a legal legend. He was a courageous advocate for the rule of law and the Constitution. Justice Scalia and his wife, Maureen, raised an incredible family of 9 chil-dren and 36 grandchildren, and we have been so privileged to know and love them. Justice Scalia was both a larger- than-life Justice, who leaves a pro-found legacy in the law, as well as a down-to-earth husband, father, grand-father, and absolutely delightful friend who loved his Lord and God, his wife and family, the law, the opera, his country, hunting, and a good laugh. We have all heard the stories of his friendship across the ideological spec-trum, none more famous than his friendship with Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Justice Scalia explained: ‘‘If you can’t disagree ardently with your colleagues about some issues of law and yet personally still be friends, get another job, for Pete’s sake.’’ Justice Ginsburg explained: ‘‘As an-noyed as you might be about his zing-ing dissent, he’s so utterly charming, so amusing, so sometimes outrageous, you can’t help but say ‘I’m glad that he’s my friend or he’s my colleague.’’’ Justice Scalia was a shining example of fidelity, as he was ever-faithful to his oath to the law, to his family, and to his God. He was celebrated by so many in the legal community. He was a revered mentor to the dozens and dozens of clerks who lined the steps of the Su-preme Court last Friday in his honor. And every one of them, no doubt, had a story that had profound legal discus-sions in it but also ended with a good laugh. He simply will be irreplaceable and leaves a legacy that will be consequen-tial, discussed, and debated for the ages. On the personal front, his life was also a great and consequential life. Justice Scalia married his wife of over 55 years, Maureen, in 1960. They were set up on a blind date. He told one au-thor that Maureen was ‘‘the product of the best decision I ever made.’’ His nine children—nine, how appro-priate for a Supreme Court Justice— were split five and four, five boys, four girls. They became lawyers, a priest, a poet, an Army major, and parents themselves of those wonderful 36 grandchildren. Justice Scalia proudly gave the lion’s share of the credit for raising this large brood to the resourceful, talented, and very smart love of his life, Maureen, who, as her son Paul said in the hom-ily, matched him at every step. Justice Scalia said about his children ‘‘and there’s not a dullard in the bunch.’’ His son, Father Paul Scalia, was the celebrant for his father’s beautiful fu-neral mass with the assistance of doz-ens of priests at the Basilica of the Na-tional Shrine of the Immaculate Con-ception this past Saturday. Father Paul began his moving hom-ily saying: ‘‘We are gathered here be-cause of one man, a man known person-ally to many of us, known only by rep-utation to many more; a man loved by many, scorned by others; a man known for great controversy and for great compassion. That man, of course, is Jesus of Nazareth.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.029 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH840 February 23, 2016 
b1930 Father Paul continued: ‘‘In the past week, many have recounted what Dad did for them. But here today we reflect what God did for Dad, how He blessed him.’’ Father Paul explained how his father understood that the deeper he went into his Catholic faith, the better a cit-izen and public servant he became. That faith now inspires his children and grandchildren and generations to come of the Scalia family and the so many lives he touched and influenced. Justice Scalia also had a rich tenor voice that intimidated many who came before the Court in front of him, but as his son Christopher explained, it was also perfect for reading stories to his grandchildren. His rendition of ‘‘The Night Before Christmas’’ was an an-nual tradition. He also led many sing- alongs at parties, played the piano, and also that singing would go on and on for their long car rides. Pictures with his children and grand-children cover the walls and the end ta-bles and the piano of the Scalia home, and in any picture with one or more of those children or grandchildren or with his beloved Maureen, Justice Scalia would always be beaming whenever he was around his family. An only child himself, he loved that he gave his children the gift of many brothers and sisters. No doubt that is a great solace to all of them now, as well as a source of great strength and sup-port for their mother. May God bless Justice Antonin Scalia, a good and faithful son, and may God bless his wife, Maureen, and their entire family, and the scores and scores of their friends and his col-leagues and the millions more of ad-mirers, and may God bless the country that he so loved. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the distinguished chairman of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I es-pecially thank Congresswoman C
OM-
STOCK for leading this tribute to Jus-tice Scalia. The Nation’s legal lights faded re-cently with the loss of the great Su-preme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, but they will not be dimmed for long, for Justice Scalia left a legacy of illu-mination that will continue far beyond his mortal years. Although Justice Scalia is no longer with us on Earth, his cogent, witty, and plain-spoken writings will con-tinue to educate law students and good citizens everywhere for centuries to come. Justice Scalia was no mere legal technician. He was a deep thinker who had an uncommon knack for crystal-lizing powerful ideas into trenchant, lasting prose. The journey on which he led his readers was always a joy, al-ways compelling, because Justice Scalia always made clear where the path started. He once said: ‘‘More important than your obligation to follow your con-science, or at least prior to it, is your obligation to form your conscience cor-rectly.’’ And for Justice Scalia, as with morality, so it was with the law. Jus-tice Scalia always made sure he built his argument on a solid foundation: the Constitution, the supreme law of the land. As a strong defender of the rule of law, he was a gentle legal giant. Like all great educators, Justice Scalia was respectful of others, regardless of their differing views. ‘‘I attack ideas,’’ he once said. ‘‘I don’t attack people. And some very good people have some very bad ideas. And if you can’t separate the two, you gotta get another day job.’’ That is a life lesson for all of us who engage in any debates and the ideas that undergird them. In that spirit, Justice Scalia often said: ‘‘My best buddy on the Court is Ruth Bader Ginsburg, has always been,’’ and Justice Ginsburg’s moving tribute to her own best buddy should reduce every bitter partisan to tears. Throughout his life, Justice Scalia correctly inveighed against the notion of a living Constitution, the misguided idea that the Constitution’s text and original meaning somehow shifted this way and that with changes in popular attitudes. Justice Scalia said: That’s the argument of constitutional flexibility and it goes something like this: The Constitution is over 200 years old, and societies change. It has to change with soci-ety, like a living organism, or it will become brittle and break. But . . . the Constitution is not a living organism; it is a legal docu-ment. It says some things and doesn’t say other things. 
As a lifetime-appointed Supreme Court Justice, Justice Scalia, like all other lifetime-appointed judges, had the opportunity to effectively alter the meaning of the Constitution if he wanted and could garner the support of four of his colleagues. But like George Washington refusing the crown offered him, Justice Scalia rejected the notion the Supreme Court should impose its own preferred policies on the country through strained constitutional inter-pretations. Instead, Justice Scalia was an ardent defender of democracy, representative democracy. As he said: ‘‘If you think aficionados of a living Constitution want to bring you flexibility, think again. You think the death penalty is a good idea? Persuade your fellow citi-zens to adopt it. You want a right to abortion? Persuade your fellow citizens and enact it. That’s flexibility.’’ Justice Scalia’s respect for article I of the Constitution, the article that be-gins with these words, ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives,’’ that arti-cle, which clearly sets forth the powers of the Congress to legislate, not the ex-ecutive branch and not the courts, is one of Justice Scalia’s greatest leg-acies. As much as Justice Scalia will be re-membered as an able critic of the no-tion of a living Constitution, he will be remembered for his own living dissents, and many majority opinions, which will live forever in the hearts and minds of lovers of the law in America and around the world. Thank you, Justice Scalia. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gen-tleman for his remarks. I yield to my friend, the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend and colleague, the gen-tlewoman from Virginia, B
ARBARA  C
OMSTOCK , for organizing this Special Order and for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, Father Paul Scalia said in his beautiful eulogy of his father, Justice Antonin Scalia, on Saturday: ‘‘We give thanks that Jesus brought him to new life in baptism, nourished him with the Eucharist, and healed him in the confessional. God blessed Dad with a deep Catholic faith, the conviction that Christ’s presence and power continue in the world today through His body, the Church.’’ Mr. Speaker, last week our country lost one of its most outspoken and dedicated defenders of faith and lib-erty. For nearly 30 years, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia stood as a monument to a faith-based viewpoint on the Constitution that will be sorely missed. There is no one in the history of our country who better protected the origi-nal intent of our Constitution and upheld the God-given rights of all Americans than Justice Scalia. Shown by his fierce dedication to de-fending our Constitution, from pro-tecting Americans from government intrusion to protecting the rights of the unborn, Justice Scalia was a man of conviction, a man of passion, and a man of integrity. His honor and vigilance toward the original meaning of the Constitution and his historic dissents will ring throughout history. Every single ounce of Justice Scalia’s heart and soul was devoted to our country, his faith, and his family. His wit, his candor, and his character will be missed on our Na-tion’s highest Court. The legacy of Jus-tice Scalia must never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I stand committed today to ensure we continue to prioritize faith and freedom in this country, protecting our natural-born rights as citizens of the United States of America. It is simply the right thing to do. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentle-woman for her remarks. I yield to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ). Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. When I was informed of the Justice’s death, it came across my electronic de-vices. I texted my wife back home, and I said: I just want to cry. I had the extraordinary privilege of getting to know the Justice on a more personal basis. In western Nebraska there is a large outcropping. It is called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.031 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H841 February 23, 2016 
Chimney Rock. Chimney Rock was the place that marks the halfway point across America. When the settlers crossed the great country, when they got to Chimney Rock, they knew that they were halfway along their journey. In the shadow of that rock, just this last December, I was in a duck blind with Justice Scalia who, as we all know, had that as an avocation. When you spend a couple of days in a duck blind with somebody, it is a bonding experience. You get to know them more personally. In my own reflections about what Chimney Rock meant to the country, a bridge between the past and the future, I thought it appropriately captured the character, the nature, the wisdom of the great Justice. He was a great student of American history, our legal system, a great pro-tector of the Constitution and prece-dents. He understood how important it was to act in a consistent manner with principle while looking forward and ap-plying that principle in ever-changing circumstances of American life. Be-cause he did so with continuity and with consistency, he was a man of great integrity. His inner voice matched his outer voice. When we saw this beautiful out-pouring of support at his funeral from people all across the political aisle, I think the common narrative there was a deep respect for this great man. Mr. Speaker, when he died, I felt like America lost her grandfather. He was a soaring intellect, had an incisive wit, and had in a certain sense a humble personality. He loved to share a joke. For me to have the privilege of spend-ing some time in a personal intimate setting with him I count as an extraor-dinary privilege of my time in public service. May God rest his soul. May God grant him peace. May God continue to bless the United States of America and give us all the strength to continue to think through how we are going to ele-vate and form the next generation of Americans who can apply themselves in such an extraordinary, sacrificial way as Justice Scalia did. I remember one other comment I wanted to leave with you. I remember when the Justice asked me: How many children do you have? You beautifully talked about how he was so devoted to his family and faith. He asked me, knowing that I knew he had nine, he asked me how many children. I said: I have five. He paused. He said: Respectable. That was it. I thank the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia for her beautiful remarks and for giving me this moment to honor this great American. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gen-tleman for his lovely remarks. Five is a good start, right, getting to that nine. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING). Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I especially thank her for arranging this Special Order tonight in memory of Justice Scalia, who was truly a legal giant. He was a man who surpassed all of the intellects that I have been aware of in my lifetime. Certainly no one in the legal profession has demonstrated more of a love for the law, more re-spect for the law, and more respect for the original intent of the Constitution. Now, I have nowhere near the per-sonal contact with Justice Scalia that the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) did or the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ). I did meet him on a number of occasions. I had the opportunity to speak with him. Usually our conversations consisted of talking about the fact that we lived in working class neighborhoods in Queens. We grew up about a mile apart from each other. We both attended Jes-uit high schools. That is about where the comparison ended as far as the Jes-uit high schools, because he was val-edictorian and I was far from it. He was a person who had the strength of some-body from the neighborhood, but he had the scholar’s intellect. b1945 He had an intellect that went beyond tremendous intelligence. It was an in-tellect that was shaped and framed by his deep religious faith and a belief in undiminished, lasting, and immutable principles. That is what reflected throughout his opinions. Yet he never let his own feelings or prejudices influ-ence his thinking. That was certainly proven in the flag burning case. If there is anyone who loved his country and would oppose the concept of the act of flag burning, it was Justice Scalia. Yet he upheld the act as an expression of free speech, as much as it pained him. Something that many of us in poli-tics and government have a hard time doing is following the letter of the law, following the intent of the law, and fol-lowing the meaning of the law. Some-how, we like to put in our own feelings and beliefs. The fact is Justice Scalia told us that there is a higher principle than that. Also he had such a respect for lan-guage. There were no easy words thrown about. There were no escape clauses or phrases. There was an intent and purpose and meaning to everything that he did. To read his opinions, whether in the majority—and knowing that he was in the majority made us feel much better—or in his dissents, you realized, again, how determined he was, how forceful he was, and how com-mitted he was to arriving at the cor-rect decision—one which, again, fol-lowed the original intent of the Con-stitution. There were several references by B
ARBARA COMSTOCK to his funeral serv-ice on Saturday. Again, it was an ex-pression by so many people of their love and respect for such an out-standing human being, a person whom I doubt we will ever see the likes of again—certainly, in our lifetimes. He was a giant of the law. He was a giant of his faith. He was a giant of his country. I am proud to join with all of my colleagues tonight—especially BAR-
BARA COMSTOCK , who arranged this Special Order—in honoring the mem-ory of Justice Scalia and hoping that that memory lives forward to carry out his unmatched love for the law, love for his country, and love for his family and his religion. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gen-tleman from New York for his kind words and for bringing a New York fla-vor here to such a wonderful man. I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Virginia for taking the initiative to honor such a great man. In 1986, Antonin Scalia was nomi-nated. I was a junior in high school. I am not sure it really resonated to me at the time what the next 30 years would entail. I believe it is safe to say that not only is he one of the strongest conservative voices of our day, but he could be of all time. I think of his life and I think of the example that he left for all of us, whether in politics or not. It is one thing to be conservative; it is another thing to effective. He showed with his life that he did not have to compromise his principles or his values to be effec-tive. When I look at his peers around him, Justice Ginsburg many times talked about the friendship and the relation-ship she had with him. It was genuine. He took Justice Kagan hunting. He taught her how to hunt. She killed her first big deer with Justice Scalia at her side. What does that tell me? It tells me something that we need to remem-ber: you can connect with people, you can hold your values, but you can have a genuine love for your fellow man. There is much to be said about Antonin Scalia’s faith. Obviously, he lived it, but he lived it in a way that set an example for all of us. Yes, we get frustrated. It is okay to be angry— sometimes vertically, but never hori-zontally—with our coworkers, our friends, our neighbors, and our family. He set the mark. He set it high. He was someone that could work in, argu-ably, the toughest environment in the world, yet still gain the respect of his political archrivals. For that, I thank him. Tonight, I honor him for showing us how to be both conservative and ef-fective. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gen-tleman for his remarks. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ). Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative C
OMSTOCK for orga-nizing this tonight. I just have a quick personal story, Mr. Speaker. Justice Scalia’s daughter, Ann, lives in my neighborhood. I served in the State legislature, and I learned that this woman whose last name, obvi-ously, was no longer Scalia, was the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.032 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH842 February 23, 2016 
daughter of Justice Scalia. So I called her up, and I said: If your dad is ever in town, I would love to meet him. I was that guy, Mr. Speaker, who made that call, and she was very gra-cious. Sometime later, she called me up and said: P
ETER , my dad is coming in. Why don’t you and your family stop by. So the Roskams ran around the cor-ner. My wife, Elizabeth, myself, and my four children, who were young at the time, went over and spent a few minutes on a Sunday afternoon with Justice Scalia. He was very magnani-mous and very gracious in his blue jeans and sweatshirt, getting up off the couch, but extending himself to us. A couple of years later, I won a seat in the U.S. House. I thought: Well, I have got a little bit of a connection. I will reach out and call him and try to make a courtesy call. I made some contact with his cham-bers and his staff and they said: Well, would you like to come over and listen to an argument? As a new Member of Congress, I said: I would love to go over. So, over I go and listen to an argu-ment in the Supreme Court. It is very dramatic, as you know. I was walking out feeling a little bit let down because I actually wanted to say hello to Jus-tice Scalia. But not to be disappointed, his staff said: Come on with us. So I went up to his office, and there in his chambers he set out a lunch. The two of us had lunch together. Now, who I was having lunch with was not lost on me. The magnitude, the scale, the capacity of this man and his ability to influence things on a grand scale was not lost on me. Yet he was really willing to spend some time with me that day. I have got to tell you one other quick story. A few years ago, I invited him to din-ner. I said: Justice Scalia, I have got a number of my colleagues that would love to have dinner with you. Would you be willing to come out? Of course, he did. I told my wife afterward: This guy is so interesting and so charming, if he had a radio show, you would listen to it. You would set your timer so that you could listen to him. He was so interesting, so cleaver, and so quick and willing to take all kinds of questions and all kinds of debate and so forth. I just want to close by saying this. There are many, many times when we feel overwhelmed by events that are before us in our public life. There are many times when our constituents feel overwhelmed and they get this sense of: Is there anybody out there that has got some level of judgment and wisdom and capacity here? Are there any ex-amples and role models? The answer is: Justice Scalia. He is an example. He is an example that we are all the beneficiaries of: his clear mind; his capacity to disagree without being disagreeable; his capacity to build people up; his capacity to articu-late a world view; his capacity to be a faithful and vocal follower of his sav-ior, Jesus, and not be defensive about it; and to basically invite people along to celebrate and to participate in this great gift, which is our democracy. Even in these short interactions that I had with him, you always got the sense—or, I did—that he got the joke. In other words, there was a twinkle in his eye. This is a democracy and we have got roles to play. His role on the Court was to do his thing. Our role, Mr. Speaker, is to legislate with that same sense of commitment and character and tenac-ity and clarity that Justice Scalia brought to his role on the judiciary. So, I want to honor Justice Scalia. I want to honor his wife, Mrs. Scalia. I want to honor his children and grand-children. I thank them, because it is a sacrifice for them to have someone of that caliber and that capacity in that role for our country. It is not a burden that is easy, but they have been willing to bear that burden. Our country is better off for it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gen-tleman for those lovely memories. In the outpouring that we saw in his passing, one of the pictures that I saw from a neighbor was a picture of Jus-tice Scalia, who was probably coming home for a long day at work, and some children on our street had a lemonade stand. He had stopped and gotten out there to support those little entre-preneurs. The mom came out and took a picture of them. He was there beam-ing with those kids, in his suit, all dressed up, and these little kids are there with their lemonade stand and so proud. He really did take the time that my friend, Mr. R
OSKAM , spoke about and really just engaged and loved life so much. I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). Mr. D
ESANTIS. I thank my colleague from Virginia for organizing this fit-ting tribute to somebody who really, really did make a difference. Very few people who serve not only in the judiciary, but really at any level of government, leave the lasting mark that Antonin Scalia did. He will join the likes of John Marshall, Joseph Story, and Robert Jackson as one of the all-time greats in American law. I think of all the great things you can say about him. He was sharp, he was witty, and he wrote brilliantly. I think the reason why he is a titan of modern American law is because he in-sisted on discharging the judicial duty in a way that strengthened our overall constitutional order. He insisted on textualism when you are interpreting statutes. He had an originalist outlook when you are talk-ing about the constitutional interpre-tation. Those frames of reference real-ly vindicated the separation of powers. The judicial power under Article III is to decide cases and controversy. So you have cases before you that you have got to decide. It is not to go out and be a roving superlegislature. It is not to impose your philosophy on soci-ety. You decide cases. So, once judges free their decision-making from the objective meaning of the law in the Constitution, they are taking away power belonging to the American people that should be exer-cised through their Representatives. Justice Scalia always understood that. He was always insistent that judges have an objective standard when they are discharging their duty. When you talk about textualism, you read the statute for what it says. You don’t correct the statute. You don’t amend the statute. You don’t find sub-jective views of some random legisla-ture who happened to say something in a committee hearing. You actually apply the words as written. That is the judicial task. When you do that, you are basically vindicating the power of the Congress and of the people’s elected Representa-tives, because they are the ones that wrote the law. If the courts depart from that, then they are departing from what the elected Representatives did. I am sure he saw countless statutes that were asinine as a matter of policy, but he said: That is not my job to cor-rect that. So he is absolutely vindi-cating the separation of powers in the constitutional order. The same thing with constitutional interpretation. Before Justice Scalia took the bench, this was a freewheeling thing. Judges would say: Society ma-tures and it is up to us to, effectively, update the meaning of the Constitu-tion. That means you have five lawyers— unelected, unaccountable—that serve as an effective roving constitutional convention that can change the Con-stitution based on one case that hap-pens to come in front of them. That was something that Justice Scalia thought was totally outside the bounds of the proper judicial role. He says the Constitution has a fixed, en-during meaning, and it is our job as judges to ascertain that meaning and apply it to the cases and controversies before us. So, if you look at a figure that has had more impact on how we think about the law and the Constitution over the last 50 years, you are not going to find one that surpasses Jus-tice Antonin Scalia. He was a great American in every respect. He fought the good fight. He finished the race. He kept the faith. What a good guy. What a life. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank my col-league, the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia, for organizing this Special Order on behalf of this remarkable, remark-able American. On February 13 of this year, our country lost a giant. His legacy will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.033 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H843 February 23, 2016 
never fade. Justice Scalia influenced countless jurists, attorneys, law stu-dents, and everyday Americans. My thoughts and prayers have been with his wife, Maureen, Father Paul, and the entire Scalia family since the pass-ing of this outstanding American statesman. Regardless of whether one agreed with his opinions on the Supreme Court, this man’s consistent integrity and admirable character cannot be de-nied. In both word and action, he was a man of the strongest character and deepest virtue. b2000 This was evident in the commence-ment address he gave to the graduating class of the College of William and Mary in 1996, when he said: ‘‘Bear in mind that brains and learning, like muscle and physical skill, are articles of commerce. They are bought and sold. You can hire them by the year or by the hour. The only thing in the world that is not for sale is character.’’ The way he lived out the virtues of integrity and humility did not go un-noticed. Several weeks ago, we here in Wash-ington had the opportunity to go to the National Prayer Breakfast, which at-tracted Members of Congress, the President, Senators, Ambassadors, peo-ple from all over the world, and we were treated with an appearance by famed tenor Andrea Bocelli. I think that Justice Scalia would have enjoyed his appearance and his appreciation for opera. In addition to his wonderful ren-ditions of ‘‘Panis Angelicus,’’ which, again would have been another treat for Justice Scalia, and ‘‘Amazing Grace,’’ Mr. Bocelli lamented the dark shadow that war casts on the world and expressed concern for its victims, iden-tifying war as a major problem in our world today. But then it was interesting. Mr. Bocelli stated: ‘‘There is that small, hateful word, ‘hubris,’ already known in antiquity.’’ The ancient Greeks used it to define pride and the arrogance it entails. Bocelli’s use of the word ‘‘hubris’’ was compelling in that he spoke it in the center of power here in the United States. That word conjures a theme that we have seen in Justice Scalia’s work. Justice Scalia went about his task of considering significant constitutional and legal issues of the day with a pro-found and seldom seen humility about the role of courts in our country. They are not there to impose their own beliefs on the people, but to adju-dicate competing claims in the context of a Constitution that has enduring meaning. To interpret the law in any other way otherwise aggrandizes power to a select few, a power that was never in-tended by the Founders. This humility of position that Justice Scalia had I be-lieve will be a lasting legacy. Regardless of whether one agrees with Justice Scalia from a policy per-spective, his writings reflect a pro-found respect for an understanding of our system of government and an un-paralleled respect for an interpretation of the Constitution grounded in text and in history. For this our Nation should be forever grateful. May he rest in peace. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gen-tleman, and I thank all of my col-leagues for their comments. Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate this opportunity for all of our colleagues to join us in celebrating the life of this great man, Justice Scalia, who so many of us were privileged to know and count as a friend. For anyone who would like to view the beautiful mass of Christian burial for Justice Scalia that was presided over by his son, Father Paul Scalia, who gave a beautiful homily, that can be found on C–SPAN. I appreciate that that was covered. I also, again, appreciate this oppor-tunity to celebrate this beautiful life, this family. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
WATER QUALITY AND SUPPLY ISSUES IN THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the earlier discussion about one of America’s most longstanding and most noted Justices. His passing is mourned by all of us. I do, however, today want to move to a different subject. I want to talk about, I think, one of the two most es-sential things that a human being needs to live. That is water and air. But today we are going to take the former of those two subjects and really talk about water. Two weeks ago I put this up for all to see. This is tap water from Flint, Michigan. There has been a lot of dis-cussion over the last month, month and a half, almost 3 months now, about Flint, Michigan, about the water sup-ply in Flint, Michigan, lead in the pipes, lead pipes, about the public health emergency that exists there, and about what we could and should do about dealing with Flint, Michigan. However, Flint, Michigan is not unique. This is how they get water in East Porterville. In the Central Valley of California, the San Joaquin Valley, just south of Fresno, California, the water supplies in the East Porterville area ran dry, in part, because of the drought, in part, because of inadequate water systems. So the residents of East Porterville were required to get water from a cat-tle water trough, pretty much like I have on my ranch, although, hopefully, this water is a whole lot cleaner. Porterville, California. Now we have two examples, one from the Midwest, another one from the Far West. Any other problems about water sup-ply? Well, yes. There are other prob-lems about water supply. This is a list of problems that we know exist in the United States—or most recently existed: Flint, Michigan, we just saw that pic-ture. Toledo, Ohio, you remember, had to shut down the water system because of problems from algae blooms. Sebring, Ohio; Baltimore, Maryland; Brick Township, New Jersey; Wash-ington, D.C., lead release. Wayne County, North Carolina; Greenville, North Carolina; Lakehurst Acres, Maine; Chicago, Illinois. I decided not to put them all up there because it would take the rest of the evening to list all the communities in America that have water issues. And certainly we do in California. I could put up another—well, maybe I will. Let me just put up a map of Cali-fornia. This is the largest population in the United States, approaching 40 mil-lion people. And far north, the Pacific Coast, San Francisco Bay, Los Angeles, down here, Santa Barbara, and way down here, San Diego, and somewhere over here, Arizona and Nevada, the Sierra Nevada mountains, the coastal range, and the great Central Valley of California, where a whole lot of America’s food and food exports come from. Down here in the Tulare Lake Basin, there are well over 100 communities who have contaminated water from ni-trates and other harmful substances. So the issue of clean water, you know, shortage of water down here, and contaminated wells up and down—oh. The Salinas Valley. Monterey Bay and the great Salinas Valley, many, many of the wells in that area are also con-taminated. So we have got a water quality prob-lem really throughout the United States, and we certainly have one in California. We have another problem in Cali-fornia. Let me put this up, a little dif-ferent map. The previous map, that one, nice and green. That is not Cali-fornia today. We may be and probably are in the fifth year of the great California drought. This is a picture of the Cali-fornia drought situation. The yellow is a little less than normal. The red, far less than normal. This brown is really the way California will be as soon as this summer comes on. And that is called exceptional drought. So the great Central Valley of Cali-fornia, the coastal range down into Los Angeles, even over to the east side of the Sierras, an exceptional drought. So the green California is really not so green. Today we are about halfway through the rainy season in California, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.035 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH844 February 23, 2016 
current rain for the entire State is about 75 percent of normal. That is why you see this extreme drought oc-curring even as of February 18, 2016. The Sierra snowpack is less than nor-mal but is still a whole lot better than last year, when it was zero, as in no snow. So what are we going to do? Well, we need to do something. Otherwise, we are going to have a whole lot more pain in California. So what Senator F
EINSTEIN and I have been doing over the last several months is trying to develop a solution for the immediate drought, to make the most of the water that is available, while still protecting the endangered species, the great salmon runs of the Central Valley of California, and the coastal rivers, as well as the species that live in the delta of California. So we have been working, trying to put together a piece of legislation that would provide as much flexibility as possible, while still protecting the fish species and the flora and fauna of the State. We think we have done it. We think we do have a piece of legislation that will do that. We call that the oper-ational portion of the legislation. Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN has already introduced that legislation. I intend to do so in the very near fu-ture here in the House of Representa-tives so that we can have a statement from the House of Representatives about how we can solve the drought problem—well, not solve it—do the very best we can in an extreme cir-cumstance to deliver as much water as possible to the farms and the cities of all of California, while also protecting the endangered species. Let me just put this up. This is the essence of the legislation. I am going to start here at the bottom and work towards the top. This is the short-term provision of the bill. I will go into this in more detail in a few moments. The bill also has what we call long- term infrastructure needs. Those long- term infrastructure needs are storage reservoirs, aquifers beneath the surface of the earth, where we have ground-water—or we used to have ground-water, surface storage. There are several new and expanded reservoir opportunities available in the State, some of them on the streams and rivers—and, of course, those will be controversial—and one or two that are off-stream, in the valleys and the mountains where there are no active rivers, those being somewhat less con-troversial. So there is surface storage. There is underground aquifer storage. That is this one right here. Authorized $600 million for water storage projects, both aquifer as well as surface storage. We also have this thing called con-servation. Conservation is where you can get the most water. For every gal-lon of water that you conserve, that is a gallon of water that would be avail-able for other purposes or to extend what little you have available. So con-servation plays a major role. In this legislation, there is money for conservation. There is also money for this recycling. Now, much of the Mid-west recycles water. In fact, the entire Mississippi River system is recycled water, water that is used upstream by some city, cleaned, put back in the river, reused again as it flows down the Mississippi River and its tributaries. California doesn’t do much recycling. I don’t have a map here of the—no, I don’t. But if one were to take a look at the whole Pacific Coast of California and the United States and Alaska and Cen-tral America and South America—so from Alaska all the way south to Chile on the West Coast, the Pacific Coast, of the Western Hemisphere—you would find that the fifth biggest river in all of that vast stretch—the great rivers of Alaska and Canada, the Columbia River, the Sacramento River, the Colo-rado River down here, and the rivers of Central and South America—the fifth biggest happens to be right here, here, here, and here. b2015 The fifth biggest rivers are the sani-tation plants of California that take water from up and down the entire area and from the Colorado all the way from the Rockies, use it, clean it to a higher standard than the day it arrives in the great cities of California, clean it to a higher standard, and then they dump it in the ocean. This is utter foolishness. So in the Garamendi-Feinstein legis-lation, we have $200 million for water recycling so that we can recycle that water, reuse it, and make use of water that is already available. We know, for example, that in Los Angeles there are approximately 1 mil-lion acre-feet of water that is not now being used. In fact, it is being dumped into the ocean. With this recycling pro-gram, 1 million acre-feet of new water can be available in southern California. And, by the way, for those of you who are not familiar with California, we are talking about the Los Angeles basin here. So the recycling in this basin can de-liver 1 million acre-feet of water over the next decade or so, and that water can be put back into the great aquifers of southern California and even down into the San Diego area. These aquifers are now largely contaminated with various contaminants, but they can be cleaned and the water recycled, put back in the aquifers, taken out, cleaned, and round and round it goes. One million acre-feet: What does that mean to northern California, to Colo-rado, our friends in Arizona, New Mex-ico, and Nevada? It means that that is a million acre-feet that Los Angeles, the great basin down here, does not need to take from the Sacramento River in northern California or from the Colorado River, taking pressure off those rivers. And as you saw from the drought map, those rivers are in severe trouble. So that is kind of a strategy that we put in place. Now, we are not geniuses—well, maybe—no. We are not geniuses. But what we do know is that the State of California has already figured this out. So what our legislation does is to tie directly to, mirror, augment, and push forward what California did in the 2014 election, which is to pass proposition 1, an almost $7 billion proposition for the development of water supplies for Cali-fornia. So, look at this: Water conservation, storm water recapturing, increase local and regional supplies, $810 million. Our legislation would fit right in there with conservation and these other programs. Safe drinking water. Remember talk-ing about Porterville and water troughs for cattle from which the kids were taking water? Here you have the Safe Drinking Water Program. And guess what. It is in the Feinstein- Garamendi legislation. Yes. There it is, money to help small communities through the Bureau of Reclamation expanding their WaterSMART and other programs so that we can mirror, augment, supple-ment, and advance what California al-ready wants to do when proposition 1 goes into effect. Let’s see. Water recycling. Didn’t I just talk about that? Yes, I did. So in the legislation that Senator F
EINSTEIN  has already introduced and what I will soon introduce here, we will be once again working with the water recy-cling. Not as much money, but still a major Federal effort to work with the State to maximize the water recycling. This is also not on this list, but also desalinization, which happens to work for some parts of California as well as other parts of the United States. I talked about groundwater. Yes. Our legislation mirrors the groundwater program that is in proposition 1, adds some additional money, and directs the Federal Government to work directly with the State on advancing the groundwater issues. Now, for those of you that have been following the drought in California over the last several years—actually, the last several decades—California has been excessively using its groundwater so much so that, in parts of the great Central Valley of California—maybe I will put that map back up here—in the great Central Valley of California, par-ticularly in this part of the Central Valley and the Fresno area and south, we have seen a significant fall in the surface of the Earth. It is literally sinking as a result of the groundwater being pumped out. In many places, you can go down through this area and you will see wells that are way, way above the ground and the ground is down here maybe 10, 20 feet. You have seen subsidence in the area. So the over-drafting in this area and some in the Sacramento Valley as well as in the Salinas Valley is a serious problem. Part of what we want to do, mir-roring what the State has already de-cided to do with proposition 1, is to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.037 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H845 February 23, 2016 
have the Federal Government work with the State on addressing the aquifers in this region to find ways to recharge the aquifers. There are many different ways that that can be done. Some of it is simply pumping the water back into the ground rather than pumping it out. In other areas, the ge-ology in various parts, particularly along the coastal mountains as well as along the Sierra Nevada mountains, there are gravel channels, old river channels that have historically re-charged the groundwater basins in parts—actually, along most of the Cen-tral Valley. So it has to be done. This is what we are trying to do with this legislation: Desalination research, which I dis-cussed earlier, $100 million; water stor-age, $600 million; water recycling, $200 million; and $55 million for specific protections for the fish and wildlife species. There is a whole series of projects that would fit into that. Once again, all of this infrastructure work is de-signed to coordinate specifically with what the State of California is doing with their multibillion-dollar propo-sition 1. This isn’t in effect yet, but this money is now working its way through the various environmental studies and various levels of government so that very soon these projects will be under-way. If we are able to pass the legislation that we want to introduce, we are going to see the Federal Government working very, very closely with the State government in addressing the California problem. Now, who cares about California? If you care about food, your fresh veggies, you had better care about California. Over here in the Salinas Valley where lettuce comes from? Drought problems. In the Central Valley, let’s see. You name the crop, everything from rice to walnuts—oh, wine grapes are very, very important if you like your wine. In the central coast down here, the same thing. So what we are trying to do with the legislation is to provide a long-term fix to California so that we can increase the supply of water, increase the stor-age during the wet years, put the stor-age in reservoirs and in the aquifers so that, when the dry years come, then we will do it. There was a fellow by the name of Steinbeck. He wrote a book, ‘‘East of Eden.’’ In that book, he talked about the California droughts. This is not a new situation, although 5 years and 4 years is definitely new. Usually, the droughts would be 1 or 2 years. But now we are looking at quite possibly a 5-year drought. Steinbeck said this. It is not the exact quote, although I wish I had it. It was like this: 
In the dry years, they worried about where their water would come from. Then the wet years would come and they forgot about the dry years. That has been the story of California for too many—too many—decades. Cer-tainly Steinbeck saw that in the early part of the 20th century. We are now in the 21st century and we cannot—we cannot—relive that old adage that Steinbeck wrote about. So we need to build for the future. We need to be able to address this in the immediate as best we can and put in place the water systems. I am going to describe those water systems to you just very briefly. Here in the north we have the great Shasta Reservoir up here on the Upper Sac-ramento River. It could be raised. It could be in-creased. There are some environmental and certainly some cost issues associ-ated with raising Shasta. That is one of the proposals of possibilities in our leg-islation. The other one sits right about in here off stream. The Sacramento River flows down through the middle of the valley here, but off-stream over here in my district actually is a potential res-ervoir that has been talked about for maybe 50 years now called Sites Res-ervoir. It stores about 1.8 million acre-feet of water. It could deliver annually 500,000 acre-feet of water. That is a lot of water. That is 1 foot of water across 5,000 acres. Did I say 5,000? It is 500,000 acres. So that is the Sites Reservoir over here. That reservoir also does something really unique. Since it is off-river, it will take the water flowing down the Sacramento River during the heavy storms, put that water into the res-ervoir, and then, when summer comes or the drought comes, that water can be released back into the Sacramento River, providing water quality issues here in the Delta of California—and I will come to that in just a few mo-ments—creating flexibility on the great reservoirs—Shasta, the Yuba sys-tem, the Folsom Reservoir here in Sac-ramento, and the big California res-ervoir in Oroville—allowing the oper-ations of those reservoirs to be modi-fied in such a way that they are able to store water rather than releasing it down the river for fish and wildlife. It would then be able to release water from Sites Reservoir and keep that water back in these reservoirs. A major problem in Sacramento is that the Fol-som Reservoir is at low tide. I will have tomorrow representatives from the east Sacramento area in my office, all of them saying: Oh, my goodness. We don’t have enough water in Folsom Reservoir for our cities of Rancho Cor-dova, Roseville, and the like, east of Sacramento. So Sites Reservoir could provide more water in the Sacramento region by keeping that water in the Folsom Reservoir. Let’s talk a little bit about the delta. I guess I had better finish the other reservoirs. Down here in the Fresno area on the San Joaquin River we have the big Friant Reservoir on the San Joaquin. There is a bit of a problem with Friant. It managed to dry up the San Joaquin River, creating a big, big prob-lem for the salmon. They don’t do very well in dry rivers. So there is an effort underway to try to restore some of the salmon on the rivers in the San Joaquin Valley, the Stanislaus, the Merced, and the other rivers as you move down towards the San Joaquin. There would be a new reservoir that is proposed here at Temperance Flat. Is it possible? Yes. Is it environmentally controversial? Oh, yeah. No doubt about that. And it is expensive. But, nonetheless, our legislation would authorize a continuation of the studies to see if it is worth doing. So that would be the Temperance Flat. Over here on the hills to the east of Oakland there is another storage res-ervoir off-stream, and that one is called Los Vaqueros. Los Vaqueros is a reservoir that is controlled by the Contra Costa Water District. They now have agreements with other water districts in the bay area to increase the size of that reservoir to store more water at that area. Again, that is off-stream. It would take the high winter flows and put that water in storage off- stream as with Sites Reservoir to the north of it, all very, very important. So these are the essential projects that would be long term for California. Again, they would be the surface stor-age reservoirs, two off-stream and three potentially on-stream. They would be recharging the aquifers and the various infrastructure needed to do that, recycling in the great cities of Los Angeles, San Diego, and in the bay area to recycle water and, also, dealing with the contamina-tion that occurs in many of the cities in the Central Valley, the San Joaquin Valley particularly, a little bit up here in the Sacramento Valley, and a lot of problems in the Salinas Valley in this area. So those are the essential elements of the long term—I forgot conservation and desalination. So those are the long-term projects that are both in proposition 1 of the California water bond of 2014 and, also, in our legisla-tion. The second piece of the legislation deals with the operation of the two great water projects. These are the largest water projects in the world, al-though China is building one that might actually be bigger. But, as of today, the largest water projects in the world are in California. What they basically do—maybe I will back up here a bit. It would be great if my colleagues here really had a sense of what is happening. The basic water projects of California take the water from the Sacramento Valley, the Sacramento River, Mount Shasta up here, and the Trinity River, bring that water in through the Shasta Reservoir, hold the water there, and then send the water down the Sac-ramento River to the delta. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.039 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH846 February 23, 2016 
b2030 From the delta, that water is picked up in canals—two of them, one oper-ated by the Federal Government, the other one operated by the State of California—and brings that water—the Federal Government—down into the San Joaquin Valley, where it provides hundreds of thousands of acres of irri-gated agricultural production. The other part of that project is here on the San Joaquin. That takes water down the east side of the valley, all the way to Kern County, down here in the Bakersfield area, and north up into the Madera County area here. That is called the Friant-Kern system. That is the Federal water project. The State water project, like the Federal, takes the water out of the delta here and brings it down in the canal, all the way down here, providing water to Kern County, and then pumps that water 2,000 feet over the Tehachapi Mountains through tunnels and canals into southern California. It flows down through the western part of the Mohave Desert down here, and then flows into the Los Angeles area, and also into the Palm Springs area all the way over here. That is the California water project. Some of that water flowing into the Metropolitan Water District is then available for the cities and water dis-tricts of southern California, all the way down to San Diego and into the Coachella Valley over here in the Palm Springs area. It is one huge water project, all of it dependent on the larg-est estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. There is no other estuary anywhere from Chile to Alaska as large and as important to the aquat-ic species and birds as the great delta of the Sacramento-San Joaquin River system. Unlike many deltas, this is an inland delta. This is the beginning of San Francisco Bay here. It goes on out. The Golden Gate Bridge and San Francisco are just further to the west. Once again, the water flows south-ward down the Sacramento River, past the city of Sacramento, and flows down through the delta, picked up by the great pumps here at Tracy into the ca-nals, and down the canals to the San Joaquin Valley and on to southern California. Here is the problem: the pumping has significantly altered the ecology of the delta and, when coupled with the drought, has created a situation that has led to a very serious potential of the extinction of species in the delta, particularly the delta smelt. Because of the alteration of the Sacramento River system’s normal flow, the salm-on, which would normally migrate up the Sacramento River all the way to Mount Shasta and beyond or down the San Joaquin River system to Fresno, that migration pattern has been seri-ously altered. In normal years, the management of the river is such that the salmon are able to get along, not as well as they once did when it was said you could walk across the river on the back of salmon—you can’t do that today for sure—but, nonetheless, in a normal year these river systems, excluding the Lower San Joaquin, are able to produce a significant salmon run. In the delta, the delta smelt have been under great pressure since the pumps were put in. The smelt is a lit-tle, tiny fish, but it happens to be like the foundation fish—all the bigger fish eat it. And it is also what we call the canary in the coal mine. If you remem-ber what that is all about, you use ca-naries in a coal mine. When the canary keels over, you have got a serious prob-lem because you are the next to keel over—bad air. Well, here these delta smelt are con-sidered to be the canary in the water. When they are in deep trouble—and they are today—the question arises: Is the entire ecosystem of the delta going to collapse? We think not. But Cali-fornia is severely stressed. California is still in drought. Today, the rainfall in California is 75 percent of normal. That is for the entire State. For the Sac-ramento region, February is 22 percent of normal, and I think we are rapidly approaching the end of February. What that means for the delta is ex-traordinary stress—extraordinary stress—and a monumental California water fight. My great-grandfather came to California in the 1860s to mine for gold. During that time, there was a fellow out there by the name of Mark Twain, who was writing about the gold rush and other things that were going on in California. He said a couple of things that are really interesting. About San Fran-cisco, he said that the coldest winter he ever spent was summer in San Fran-cisco. I think he was referring to the fog. He also said that in California in the 1850s, 1860s, and 1870s, he said: ‘‘Whiskey is for drinking; water is for fighting over.’’ So it has been. During the Gold Rush period, it was all about water. You couldn’t mine for gold unless you had water, and people fought over water. They built incredible systems to get their hands on the water that came out of the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Today, it is the same. We still fight about water. What Senator F
EINSTEIN  and I are trying to do is to reduce the friction, reduce the fighting that has been going on for the last decade, or last 5 years, about water as it flows through the delta. My San Joaquin Valley colleagues, Democrat and Republican, have put forth two pieces of legislation that they believe would solve the water problem for them. What they have managed to do with that legislation is to basically wipe out the environ-mental protection for the species— salmon, smelt, and other species in the delta—and simply say: Turn the pumps on. We need the water. We have got the votes. We are going to get the water. Those two pieces of legislation have not become law, and they never should become law, because if they did, the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere would be in serious jeopardy. What we propose is to work within the environmental laws and the bio-logical opinions that have been put forth by the Federal and State fish and wildlife agencies and the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service—the National Marine Fisheries Service concerned about the salmon; the fish and wildlife agencies concerned about the endemic species of the delta—to work within those biological opinions which are de-signed to protect those species and say the flexibility that is allowed under the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Water Act, and the biological opinions are sufficient to allow for the max-imum amount of pumping to the south from the delta consistent with the pro-tection of the species. In order to accomplish that, we need to use science. The biological opinions are based on about 13- to 15-year-old science. What we are saying in our leg-islation is ramp up the science. Senator FEINSTEIN was able to de-liver $100 million to California fish agencies to put in place realtime moni-toring. She was not able to write how that could occur, so in the legislation we would direct the agencies to con-duct real-time monitoring, daily moni-toring. As the winter flows—and there have been winter flows thus far this year, not enough, but they are there. As those winter flows enter the delta from the north and the south, the fish agencies study where are the smelt, where are the salmon coming down the Sacramento River, and also from the San Joaquin River. If they are near the delta pumps, re-duce the pumping, or don’t pump at all, depending where those fish are. If they are not, if they have moved away from the pumps and there is water in the system, then turn the pumps on. Pret-ty simple: if the fish are endangered, reduce the pumping; if the fish are not endangered, then increase the pump-ing. That is essentially what our legisla-tion would accomplish. There are other elements to it, for example, putting in fish screens at the Delta Cross Channel on the Georgiana Slough, and also to improve the levee system within the delta. We will see. We will see what happens here. We have a choice as Members of Congress and men and women that are supposed to solve problems. We can go the way of my San Joaquin Valley col-leagues and simply push aside, negate, the environmental laws that provide for the protection of the salmon, the great fishing industry of California, the salmon runs up and down the coast. By the way, the salmon that come out of the Sacramento River provide salmon all the way to the Columbia River in Oregon. So it is not just about San Francisco Bay. It is about the salmon and the fishing industry for much of the West Coast, also south through Monterey Bay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.042 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H847 February 23, 2016 
Can we wipe out the environmental laws and simply turn the pumps on? Yes, if that legislation were to pass that has been offered by my colleagues from the San Joaquin Valley. Or we can work within the environmental laws, achieving maximum flexibility, understanding the science: Where are the salmon or the salmonoids? Those are the salmon that have hatched and are coming back down the river, little, tiny salmon. Where are they? Are they coming down the river and getting sucked to the pumps, or are they com-ing down the river and heading out to the bay? We don’t know today. We are not doing real-time monitoring. If we did real-time monitoring, we would know where they are. We would know where the delta smelt are and other species, and we could adjust the pumping to protect the species and to take advantage of the high flows that occur during the normal winters and also this year, even though it is well below normal. I have confidence. I have confidence in the wisdom of the Californians who decided that they would pass a water bond to put in place long-range solu-tions for California—recycling, con-servation, storage systems, under-ground aquifers—and to develop safe drinking water. I have confidence in the wisdom of California because they voted by over 60 percent for this project. I have confidence in the Congress. I have confidence in the Senate. Senator F
EINSTEIN has come up with a good bill. I had the honor to work with her on that bill, and I will soon introduce that bill here in the House. I have confidence that we have the wisdom and we have the understanding of the systems of California water to maximize over time the water poten-tial of California. And in the near term, in the near term when California, this great State that we would like to see as green, when California is faced with this, I have got confidence that we are wise enough and we are smart enough politically to maneuver our-selves into a situation where we can address the current drought to the maximum extent possible, delivering water to the San Joaquin Valley and on into southern California without harming the fish, without destroying the salmon of California and the fish-ing, the multibillion-dollar fishing in-dustry that goes with it, and without jeopardizing the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. That is our challenge. This is what we are going to try to accomplish. Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN ’s bill has been intro-duced. That version will be introduced over here in the next several days as we develop a better understanding among my colleagues of what we are trying to accomplish here. b2045 I have confidence that the represent-atives of the southern California area will see the wisdom of putting aside what Mark Twain said we always do in California: Fighting over water and getting about drinking more whiskey. Probably a pretty good idea. I think we are going to get southern California support for this. I think the San Joaquin Valley folks will look at this and say: Well, we can continue fighting as we have for the last 5 years with no progress, none, nada, zero. Let’s see if we can figure out how to do this in a way that protects the spe-cies, the salmon, the other fish, that protects the largest estuary on the west coast of the western hemisphere, and that provides the maximum amount of water that is available to California, which, by the way, has an economy that is ranked seventh in the world. So water is really important. I know we can do better. I know that this Nation doesn’t have to have this kind of water in Flint, Michigan. I know that this Nation doesn’t have to have children in the Central Valley of California getting their water out of a cattle water trough. I know that this Nation doesn’t have to destroy the largest estuary and all of the fish, all of the salmon, and all of the industry that goes with that in its quest for water and that what little is available can be shared and maximized. That is what we are going to try to do with the Feinstein-Garamendi legis-lation. I know we can do it. I know we have to do it. I know, at the end of the day, we are not going to destroy. We are going to build, we are going to cre-ate, and we are going to solve the prob-lem. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
IN TRIBUTE TO UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA, A PRE-EMINENT MIND The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight in tribute to one of the great-est jurists in this Nation’s history. Jus-tice Antonin Scalia had a preeminent mind following an excellent education. He has a beautiful family and has al-ready been very sorely missed. I thought it might be helpful, Mr. Speaker, to get a sense of the man and how profoundly concerned he was with the place in which this country finds itself after world wars, after depres-sions, after all kinds of threats: a mas-sive civil war in the 1860s, all kinds of things that have threatened this Na-tion, even the War of 1812 during which this Capitol was set on fire. There were all of these threats; yet, at this time in which we live, he could see and he tried to sound the warning alarms for what the majority of the Supreme Court was doing to this coun-try. It seemed to be encapsulated rather well back in the June 12, 2008, decision in the case of Boumediene vs. George W. Bush, President of the United States, combined with another case. The decision of the majority of the Court, as Justice Scalia pointed out, was so totally inconsistent with the majority’s own majority opinion in a prior case regarding people who were captured on the battlefield and who were clearly at war with the United States. Throughout the history of warfare at least among civilized nations during the period of warfare, the civilized thing to do was to hold those who were at war with you until such time as the groups they represent, they come from, declare they are no longer at war with you. Then they can be released unless they have committed some heinous crime for which they should account beyond that of being part of the war against the Nation. The Supreme Court majority had pre-viously said basically that, of course, the Constitution gives the Congress the power to create tribunals, to create courts. As my former constitutional law pro-fessor said, there is only one Court in the whole country’s Federal system that owes its creation to the U.S. Con-stitution, and that is the U.S. Supreme Court. All other Federal courts, tribu-nals, owe their existences and their ju-risdictions to the United States Con-gress. So the majority Court had previously said, in effect, that Congress could, in cases where enemy combatants are seized on the battlefield, hold them without right of writ of habeas corpus, because that has basically been the his-tory of civilized warfare. Obviously, in uncivilized warfare, people were taken, abused, tortured, made slaves. That has happened throughout the history of mankind. But for nations that were civilized, you simply held them, hopefully, in human-itarian conditions. In the Boumediene case, Justice Scalia starts his dissent by writing: ‘‘I shall devote most of what will be a lengthy opinion to the legal errors contained in the opinion of the Court. Contrary to my usual practice, how-ever, I think it appropriate to begin with a description of the disastrous consequences of what the Court has done today.’’ Justice Scalia goes on: ‘‘America is at war with radical Islamists. The enemy began by killing Americans and American allies abroad: 241 at the Marine barracks in Lebanon, 19 at the Khobar Towers in Dhahran, 224 at our embassies in Dar es Salaam and Nairobi, and 17 on the USS Cole in Yemen. ‘‘On September 11, 2001, the enemy brought the battle to American soil, killing 2,749 at the Twin Towers in New York City, 184 at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C., and 40 in Pennsyl-vania. ‘‘It has threatened further attacks against our homeland; one need only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.043 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH848 February 23, 2016 
walk about buttressed and barricaded Washington or board a plane anywhere in the country to know that the threat is a serious one. Our Armed Forces are now in the field against the enemy, in Afghanistan and Iraq. Last week, 13 of our countrymen in arms were killed. ‘‘The game of bait-and-switch that today’s opinion plays upon the Na-tion’s Commander in Chief will make the war harder on us.’’ What comes next is, perhaps, one of the most profound statements that any Justice on the Supreme Court ever put in writing, but he was right. And being right in his discernment of the Su-preme Court’s decision, he knew he needed to put this next sentence in print. So, in talking about the majority opinion, Justice Scalia wrote this: ‘‘It will almost certainly cause more Americans to be killed.’’ He wrote: ‘‘That consequence would be toler-able if necessary to preserve a time- honored legal principle vital to our constitutional Republic. But it is this Court’s blatant abandonment of such a principle that produces the decision today. The President relied on our set-tled precedent in Johnson vs. Eisentrager’’—this was back in 1950— ‘‘when he established the prison at Guantanamo Bay for enemy aliens. Cit-ing that case, the President’s Office of Legal Counsel advised him ‘that the great weight of legal authority indi-cates that a federal district court could not properly exercise habeas jurisdic-tion over an alien detained at Guanta-namo Bay.’’’ Further down, the Justice writes: ‘‘In the short term, however, the de-cision is devastating. At least 30 of those prisoners hitherto released from Guantanamo Bay have returned to the battlefield. ‘‘But others have succeeded in car-rying on their atrocities against inno-cent civilians. In one case, a detainee released from Guantanamo Bay mas-terminded the kidnapping of two Chi-nese dam workers, one of whom was later shot to death when used as a human shield against Pakistani com-mandos. ‘‘Another former detainee promptly resumed his post as a senior Taliban commander and murdered a United Na-tions engineer and three Afghan sol-diers. Still another murdered an Af-ghan judge. It was reported only last month that a released detainee carried out a suicide bombing against Iraqi sol-diers in Mosul, Iraq. ‘‘Their return to the kill illustrates the incredible difficulty of assessing who is and who is not an enemy com-batant in a foreign theater of oper-ations where the environment does not lend itself to rigorous evidence collec-tion.’’ Justice Scalia goes on: ‘‘During the 1995 prosecution of Omar Abdel Rahman, federal prosecutors gave the names of 200 unindicted co-conspirators to the ‘Blind Sheikh’s’ de-fense lawyers; that information was in the hands of Osama Bin Laden within two weeks.’’ Justice Scalia went on to write page after page, explaining the perils that the overzealous and underthinking ma-jority of the Court had imposed on the United States, on our military. Justice Scalia made clear, when it comes to war, the decision that the majority made was to basically tell our military: Instead of protecting your-selves and protecting your brothers and sisters in arms, we are going to re-quire you to go out there, gather up DNA evidence, get blood evidence, maybe just drive a forensic wagon out there onto the field of battle. Start gathering evidence because some mo-ronic person in a palace in Wash-ington—‘‘palace’’ being what some of the Justices who first went through the new Supreme Court building said about it back in 1935, that palace in which they reside—has said that, in a time of war, we have lost our mind in America, and we are going to now start putting our military at risk of their very lives so they can go gather up evidence to satisfy some bloated judge in a palace in Washington. That is why he made the profound statement that he did in this dissent. b2100 His words will almost certainly cause more Americans to be killed. That is extraordinary. Dear Justice Scalia finished the dis-senting opinion by saying: ‘‘Today the Court warps our Constitution in a way that goes beyond the narrow issue of the reach of the Suspension Clause, in-voking judicially brainstormed separa-tion-of-powers principles to establish a manipulable ‘functional’ test for the extra territorial reach of habeas corpus (and, no doubt, for the extraterritorial reach of other constitutional protec-tions as well). It blatantly misdescribes important precedents, most conspicu-ously Justice Jackson’s opinion for the Court in Johnson v. Eisentrager. It breaks a chain of precedent as old as the common law that prohibits judicial inquiry into the detention of aliens abroad absent statutory authorization. And, most tragically, it sets our mili-tary commanders the impossible task of proving to a civilian court, under whatever standards this Court devises in the future, that evidence supports the confinement of each and every enemy prisoner. ‘‘The Nation will live to regret what the Court has done today. I dissent.’’ What a magnificent man. What a brilliant man with extraordinary com-mon sense. So, Mr. Speaker, my staff helped me. We have all been picking out favorite quotes that Justice Scalia has pro-vided, both in written opinion and in speeches. One of Justice Scalia’s statements was: ‘‘Never compromise your prin-ciples, unless, of course, your prin-ciples are Adolph Hitler’s, in which case you would be well-advised to com-promise them as much as you can.’’ Another statement by Justice Scalia was: ‘‘More important than your obli-gation to follow your conscience, or at least prior to it, is your obligation to form your conscience correctly.’’ Justice Scalia said: ‘‘You think there ought to be a right to abortion? No problem. The Constitution says noth-ing about it. Create it the way most rights are created in a democratic soci-ety. Pass a law. And that law, unlike a constitutional right to abortion cre-ated by a court can compromise.’’ Justice Scalia said: ‘‘A Constitution is not meant to facilitate change. It is meant to impede change, to make it difficult to change.’’ Brilliant statement. Some think the Constitution is a liv-ing, breathing document. I have dis-cussed this over at the Supreme Court palace with him, and I have discussed it with him at lunches, breakfasts. There are a handful of special privi-leges that I count myself blessed to have been able to enjoy, and one of those handful has been time spent with Justice Scalia. He had an incredible sense of humor. He could crack me up. Most of the time, he meant to. Some-times his sarcasm was just too humor-ous not to laugh. And he attacked him-self with self-effacing humor. He said this: ‘‘I attack ideas. I don’t attack people. And some very good peo-ple have some very bad ideas. And if you can’t separate the two, you’ve gotta get another day job.’’ He was a funny man, but a brilliant man. God blessed that man with wis-dom. Justice Scalia said: ‘‘I love to argue. I’ve always loved to argue. And I love to point out the weaknesses of the op-posing arguments. It may well be that I’m something of a shin kicker. It may well be that I’m something of a contrarian.’’ He said: ‘‘Well, we didn’t set out to have nine children’’—talking about his beautiful family. He said: ‘‘We’re just old-fashioned Catholics, you know.’’ Justice Scalia said: ‘‘I think Thomas Jefferson would have said the more speech, the better. That’s what the First Amendment is all about.’’ Today I see around our college cam-puses conservatives like me are often shunned. I am grateful to have been in-vited to speak at Oxford in England and at Cambridge. But it is amazing that places like my conservative Texas A&M, there are students there—much fewer there, but all over the country at what are supposed to be enlightened universities—that don’t want to hear any view different from themselves. When I was at A&M, I mean, I helped host Ralph Nader. I didn’t agree with him on much, but I loved the exchange with him, the thoughts that went back and forth. He was a very intriguing man. We weren’t afraid of discussions with liberals. It is one of the things I loved about Justice Scalia. He was so brilliant, so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.045 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H849 February 23, 2016 
grounded. His faith was so strongly standing on God’s Word, the Bible. He knew who he was. He knew whose he was, and he knew whose was his, and he loved his family dearly. Justice Scalia said: ‘‘Undoubtedly, some think that the Second Amend-ment is outmoded in a society where our standing army is the pride of our Nation, where well-trained police forces provide personal security, and where gun violence is a serious prob-lem. That is perhaps debatable, but what is not debatable is that it is not the role of this Court to pronounce the Second Amendment extinct.’’ It was absolutely a great dissent. Pointing out the hypocrisy, the flawed thinking, the incredible poor quality of the writing in the majority opinion in the ObamaCare decision, Justice Scalia said: ‘‘This Court, however, concludes that this limitation would prevent the rest of the act from working as well as hoped. So it rewrites the law to make tax credits available everywhere. We should start calling this law SCOTUSCare instead of ObamaCare.’’ The Supreme Court of the U.S. care, how about that? He went on to say: ‘‘Under all the usual rules of interpretation, in short, the government should lose this case. But normal rules of interpretation seem always to yield to the overriding principle of this Court: The Affordable Care Act must be saved.’’ He goes on. It says: ‘‘If a bill is about to pass that really comes down hard on some minority and they think it’s ter-ribly unfair, it doesn’t take much to throw a monkey wrench into this com-plex system. Americans should appre-ciate that; they should learn to love the gridlock. It’s there so the legisla-tion that does get out is good legisla-tion.’’ Mr. Speaker, it brings to mind a dis-cussion I heard him have with some people from my district, some senior citizens that were coming to Wash-ington, 50 or 60. They had asked me: They say you are friends with Justice Scalia. Do you think we could meet him? I felt comfortable enough to call him. He said: Sure. Bring them. So we worked it out, brought them through the side entrance, came into a meeting room. They were all seated there when Justice Scalia came walk-ing in. He leans up against the table in front of them, and they were kind of in awe because they knew how brilliant Justice Scalia was. He said: Well, you wanted to meet me. Here I am. What questions have you got? It kind of took the group aback, so people were struggling to try to come up with a question. Finally, one of them said: Well, Justice Scalia, wouldn’t you say that we are the freest Nation in the history of the world be-cause we have the best Bill of Rights? In typical Scalia style, he said: Oh, gosh, no. The Soviet Union had a much better bill of rights than we have got. It guaranteed a lot more freedoms than we have. And I’ve forgotten, but in college I made an A on a paper that discussed the Soviet constitution and the bill of rights. He was right. That old Soviet bill of rights guaranteed all kinds of rights, but it didn’t protect them. He went on to say—and I am not quoting exactly—but the gist of what he had to say is, now, the reason Amer-ica is the most free Nation in the his-tory of the world is because the Found-ers didn’t trust the government, so they made it as difficult as they could to pass a law. It wasn’t enough to have one House; they wanted two Houses, and not like England where one of them doesn’t have all that much au-thority. They wanted two Houses where either one of them could stop a law from being passed. So even if one House were successful in finally get-ting a majority of people to agree on a law, then the other House would have to agree, and they could stop it com-pletely in its tracks. That wasn’t good enough. They want-ed another check and balance, another way to stop law. They wanted to create gridlock. So they said: You know what? We don’t want a parliamentarian system where the legislators elect a prime minister. No. We want an execu-tive elected totally different from the legislature. So we will have him elect-ed in a whole different way, and then he can stop any law they may try to pass. And that is not good enough. Let’s create another branch, the judici-ary branch, and then they can nix any-thing that is passed. No, we are the most free Nation in history because the Founders didn’t trust government and they made it as hard as possible to pass laws. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 7 minutes re-maining. Mr. GOHMERT. Justice Scalia says in one of his dissents: ‘‘I have exceeded the speed limit on occasion.’’ He said: ‘‘A man who has no enemies is probably not a very good man.’’ He said: ‘‘If you read the rest of the section, you would say, to find a way to find a meaning that the language will bear that will uphold the constitu-tionality. You don’t interpret a pen-alty to be a pig. It can’t be a pig.’’ He did know how to bring things back to tangible terms. He said: ‘‘If you’re going to be a good and faithful judge, you have to resign yourself to the fact that you’re not al-ways going to like the conclusions you reach. If you like them all the time, you’re probably doing something wrong.’’ I’ve experienced that myself. There were times I disagreed with the law, but it was constitutionally made and passed, and I followed the law as a judge and chief justice. That is exactly what he did. In a dissent in 1996, Justice Scalia said: ‘‘The Court must be living in an another world. Day by day, case by case, it is busy designing a Constitu-tion for a country I do not recognize.’’ Ten years later, in 2006, he says: ‘‘So the question comes up, is there a con-stitutional right to have homosexual conduct? Not a hard question for me. It’s absolutely clear that nobody ever thought when the Bill of Rights was adopted that it gave a right to homo-sexual conduct. Homosexual conduct was criminal for 200 years in every State. Easy question.’’ He made those statements in re-marks at the University of Fribourg, Switzerland, back in 2006. In 2009, he said: ‘‘The Court today continues its quixotic quest to right all wrongs and repair all imperfections through the Constitution. Alas, the quest cannot succeed.’’ He also said: ‘‘This case, involving legal requirements of the content and labeling of meat products such as frankfurters affords a rare opportunity to explore simultaneously both parts of Bismarck’s aphorism that ‘no man should see how laws or sausages are made.’’’ He said: ‘‘God has been very good to us. One of the reasons God has been good to us is that we have done him honor.’’ Certainly, Justice Scalia did God honor. A lot of people don’t realize what a tenderhearted man he was as well. After the horrendous murder of Justice Michael Luttig’s father and the assault and attempted murder of his mother in their own garage, two streets over from my house, the family did not want to call Michael and describe the horrors that had been inflicted on his father and mother. b2115 Middle of the night, Justice Scalia is in bed. Justice Scalia gets called, would he go out to Michael Luttig, Judge Luttig’s house, and let him know in the wee hours of the morning that his father had been killed. Justice Scalia, for whom Judge Luttig had clerked, he knew Michael Luttig loved him. He put on his warmup suit and went out in the middle of the night many miles away because he cared. As I conclude, Mr. Speaker, I thought about the words of John Quincy Adams in the Amistad case. He didn’t think he had won the case. He was finishing. He was afraid he had not done an adequate job defending these Africans who should be free and should be free to go where they wanted without chains, without bondage. So he finished his argument by say-ing, and this is John Quincy Adams, 1841, in the Supreme Court: ‘‘As I cast my eyes along those seats of honor and public trust, now occupied by you, they seek in vain for one of those honored and honorable persons whose indulgence listened then to my voice. Marshall, Cushing, Chase, Wash-ington, Johnson, Livingston, Todd— where are they? Where is that eloquent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.046 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH850 February 23, 2016 
statesman and learned lawyer who was my associate counsel in the manage-ment of that cause, Robert Goodloe Harper? Where is that brilliant lumi-nary, so long the pride of Maryland and of the American Bar, then my opposing counsel, Luther Martin? Where is the excellent clerk of that day, whose name has been inscribed on the shores of Africa, as a monument of his abhor-rence of the African slave trade Elias B. Caldwell? Where is the marshal? Where are the criers of the Court? Alas, where is one of the very judges of the Court, arbiters of life and death, before whom I commenced the anxious argu-ment, even now prematurely closed? Where are they all? Gone. Gone. All gone. Gone from the services which, in their day and generation, they faith-fully rendered to their country. I hum-bly hope, and fondly trust, that they have gone to receive the rewards of blessedness on high.’’ In taking, then, his final leave of the bar there at the Supreme Court, John Quincy Adams said he hoped that every member of the Supreme Court may go to his final account with as little of earthly frailty to answer for as those illustrious dead. And he said: ‘‘That you may, every one, after the close of a long and vir-tuous career in this world, be received at the portals of the next with the ap-proving sentence: ‘Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.’’’ Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt whatso-ever that Justice Antonin Scalia, my friend, our friend, the luminary of the Supreme Court, heard those words days ago: ‘‘Well done, good and faithful serv-ant.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
ERRY (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of at-tending a funeral. Mr. H
ASTINGS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today through February 26. Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2451. An act to designate the area be-tween the intersections of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, North-west and International Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 644. An act to reauthorize trade facili-tation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 19 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pur-suant to House Resolution 620, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., for morning-hour debate, as a fur-ther mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable Antonin Scalia, As-sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States of America. 
f 
RULES AND REPORTS SUBMITTED PURSUANT TO THE CONGRES-SIONAL REVIEW ACT 
[Omitted from the R ECORD of February 8, 2016] 
Pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(d), executive communications [final rules] sub-mitted to the House pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1) during the period of July 21, 2015, through January 4, 2016, shall be treated as though received on February 8, 2016. Original dates of transmittal, numberings, and referrals to committee of those executive com-munications remain as indicated in the Executive Communication section of the relevant C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4351. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Conditions for Payment of Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza Indem-nity Claims [Docket No.: APHIS-2015-0061] (RIN: 0579-AE14) received February 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4352. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Phalaenopsis Spp. Plants for Planting in Approved Growing Media From China to the Continental United States [Docket No.: APHIS-2014-0106] (RIN: 0579-AE10) received February 16, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4353. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Direct Farm Own-ership Microloan (RIN: 0560-AI33) received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4354. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Direct Farm Own-ership Microloan (RIN: 0560-AI33) received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4355. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting the OMB Sequestration Preview Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 904(c)(2); Public Law 99- 177, Sec. 254 (as amended by Public Law 112- 25, Sec. 103(1)); (125 Stat. 246); to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 4356. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting the OMB Report to the Congress on the Joint Committee Reductions for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 901a(9); Public Law 99- 177, Sec. 251A (as added Public Law 112-25, Sec. 302(a)); (125 Stat. 256); to the Committee on Appropriations. 4357. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Logistics and Materiel Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a re-port entitled ‘‘Strategic and Critical Mate-rials Operations Report To Congress: Oper-ations under the Strategic and Critical Ma-terials Stock Piling Act during Fiscal Year 2015’’, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 98h-2(b); June 7, 1939, ch. 190, Sec. 11 (as amended by Public Law 103-35, Sec. 204(d)); (107 Stat. 103); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4358. A letter from the Principal Deputy Under Secretary, Policy, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s report on assistance provided by the Department of Defense for certain sporting events, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2564(e); Public Law 104-201, Sec. 367(a); (110 Stat. 2496); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4359. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Navy’s annual report to Con-gress on Repair of Naval Vessels in Foreign Shipyards, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 7310(c); Pub-lic Law 110-417, Sec. 1012(c); (122 Stat. 4584); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4360. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of De-fense, transmitting draft of proposed legisla-tion entitled the ‘‘Military Justice Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 4361. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Logistics and Materiel Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting the Na-tional Defense Stockpile (NDS) Annual Ma-terials Plan (AMP) for Fiscal Year 2017 and for the succeeding four years, FY 2018-2021, pursuant to Sec. 11(b) of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act, 50 U.S.C. 98h-2(b); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4362. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, pursuant to Public Law 106-569; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 4363. A letter from the Assistant Director, Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s annual integrated Strategic Plan, Budget, and Performance Plan and Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1115(b); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3867); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 4364. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Secu-rity-Based Swap Transactions Connected with a Non-U.S. Person’s Dealing Activity That Are Arranged, Negotiated, or Executed By Personnel Located in a U.S. Branch or Of-fice or in a U.S. Branch or Office of an Agent; Security-Based Swap Dealer De Mini-mis Exception [Release No.: 34-77104; File 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE7.048 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H851 February 23, 2016 
No.: S7-06-15] (RIN: 3235-AL73) received Feb-ruary 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4365. A letter from the General Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Em-ployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Pay-ing Benefits received February 10, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 4366. A letter from the Administrator, De-partment of Energy, transmitting the De-partment’s report entitled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petroleum and Petroleum Prod-ucts Produced in Countries Other Than Iran’’, the twenty-fifth in a series of reports, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 8513a(d)(4)(A); Public Law 112-81, Sec. 1245(d)(4)(A) (as amended by Public Law 112-158, Sec. 503(b)(1)); (126 Stat. 1261); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4367. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting the Department’s Twenty-first Report to Congress on Progress Made in Licensing and Constructing the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16523; Public Law 109-58, Sec. 1810; (119 Stat. 1126); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4368. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting the De-partment’s Quarterly Report on the Transi-tion of the Stewardship of the Internet As-signed Numbers Authority (‘‘IANA’’) Func-tions, pursuant to Public Law 114-113; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4369. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major rule — Medicaid Program; Final FY 2013 and Preliminary FY 2015 Dispropor-tionate Share Hospital Allotments, and Final FY 2013 and Preliminary FY 2015 Insti-tutions for Mental Diseases Disproportionate Share Hospital Limits [CMS-2398-N] (RIN: 0983-ZB24) received February 11, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4370. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Review and Reclassification Pro-cedures for Biological Products Licensed Prior to July 1, 1972 [Docket No.: FDA-2015- N-2103] received February 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4371. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s Third Annual Report on Drug Shortages for Calendar Year 2015, pursuant to Public Law 112-144, Sec. 1002; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4372. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s FY 2015 Performance Report to Congress for the Animal Drug User Fee Act, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 379j-13; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4373. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Alternative Fuel Vehicle (AFV) program report for FY 2015, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 13218(b)(1); Public Law 103-486, Sec. 310 (as added by Public Law 105-388, Sec. 8(a)); (112 Stat. 3481); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4374. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Allocations of Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Allowances from New Unit Set-Asides for the 2015 Compliance Year [FRL- 9942-27-OAR] received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4375. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; 2008 Ozone NAAQS Interstate Transport for Colo-rado, Montana, North Dakota, and South Da-kota [EPA-R08-OAR-2015-0670; FRL-9942-31- Region 8] received February 12, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4376. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico/Albu-querque-Bernalillo County; Infrastructure and Interstate Transport State Implementa-tion Plan for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA- R06-OAR-2015-0431; FRL-9942-29-Region 6] re-ceived February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4377. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of New Mex-ico/Albuquerque-Bernalillo County; Infra-structure and Interstate Transport SIP 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R06-OAR-2013-0613; FRL-9942-30-Region 6] received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4378. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Polk County Board of Health Rules and Regula-tions, Chapter V, Revisions [EPA-R07-OAR- 2016-0045; FRL-9942-37-Region 7] received Feb-ruary 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4379. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Iowa’s State Implementation Plan (SIP); Electronic Reporting Consistent with the Cross-Media Electronic Reporting Rule (CROMERR) [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0840; FRL-9942-39-Region 7] received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4380. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fluridone; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0913; FRL-9941-69] received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4381. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Lead-based Paint Programs; Amendment to Jurisdiction-Specific Certifi-cation and Accreditation Requirements and Renovator Refresher Training Requirements [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2014-0304; FRL-9941-61] (RIN: 2070-AK02) received February 12, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4382. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Significant New Use Rule on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA-HQ- OPPT-2013-0399; FRL-9941-56] (RIN: 2070- AB27) received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4383. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Dis-trict of Columbia; Interstate Pollution Transport Requirements for the 2010 Nitro-gen Dioxide Standards [EPA-R03-OAR-2015- 0750; FRL-9942-58-Region 3] received Feb-ruary 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4384. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Dis-trict of Columbia; Regulation to Limit Ni-trogen Oxides Emissions from Large Non- Electric Generating Units [EPA-R03-OAR- 2015-0666; FRL-9942-59-Region 3] received Feb-ruary 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4385. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Review of New Sources and Modifications in Indian Country: Extension of Permitting and Registration Deadlines for True Minor Sources Engaged in Oil and Nat-ural Gas Production in Indian Country [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0606; FRL-9942-64-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS27) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4386. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Revision to the Milwaukee- Racine-Waukesha 2006 24-Hour Particulate Matter Maintenance Plan [EPA-R05-OAR- 2015-0848; FRL-9942-56-Region 5] received Feb-ruary 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4387. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Particulate Matter Emissions Lim-its Revision [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0379; FRL- 9942-54-Region 5] received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4388. A letter from the Executive Director, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Annual Update of Filing Fees [Docket No.: RM16-00002-000] received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4389. A letter from the Executive Director, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23FE7.000 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH852 February 23, 2016 
Annual Update of Filing Fees [Docket No.: RM16-2-000] received February 16, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4390. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Changes to Buried and Under-ground Piping and Tank Recommendations [LR-ISG-2015-01] received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4391. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s interim staff guidance — Compliance with Order EA-12-049, Order Modifying Licenses with Regard to Requirements for Mitigation Strategies for Beyond-Design-Basis External Events, Revision to JLD-ISG-2012-01 received February 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4392. A letter from the Chairman, South-east Compact Commission for Low-Level Ra-dioactive Waste Management, transmitting the Commission’s 2013-2014 Annual Report; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4393. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the final report on the national emergency with re-spect to the former Liberian regime of Charles Taylor that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13348 of July 22, 2004, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627) and 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4394. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency with re-spect to Libya, that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, is to continue in effect beyond February 25, 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94- 412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114—101); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and ordered to be printed. 4395. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting a notice of the Air Force’s Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Pakistan, Transmittal No. 15-80, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4396. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cuba Licensing Policy Revisions [Docket No.: 151208999-5999-01] (RIN: 0694- AG79) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4397. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Communications and Legislative Af-fairs, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Annual Sunshine Act Report for 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 552b(j); Public Law 94-409, Sec. 3(a) (as amended by Public Law 104-66, Sec. 3002); (109 Stat. 734); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4398. A letter from the Secretary of the Board of Governors, U.S. Postal Service, transmitting the Service’s report on postal officers and employees who received total compensation in calendar year 2015, pursuant to 39 U.S.C. 3686(c); Public Law 109-435, Sec. 506; (120 Stat. 3236); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4399. A letter from the Director, U.S. Trade and Development Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Fiscal Year 2015 Annual Report; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4400. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Greater Atlantic Region, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; North-east Multispecies Fishery; Trip Limit Ad-justment for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 150105004-5355-01] (RIN: 0648- XE398) received February 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 4401. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; North Atlantic Swordfish Fishery [Docket No.: 120627194-3657-02] (RIN: 0648-XE295) received February 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4402. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket Nos.: 120328229-4949-02 and 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648-XE346) received February 12, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4403. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s inseason rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015 Tribal Fishery Allo-cations for Pacific Whiting; Reapportion-ment Between Tribal and Non-Tribal Sectors [Docket No.: 141219999-5432-02] (RIN: 0648- XE345) received February 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 4404. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Ground-fish Fishery; 2015-2016 Biennial Specifica-tions and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments [Docket No.: 140904754-5188-02] (RIN: 0648-BF63) received February 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4405. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclu-sive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area; New Coast Recovery Fee Programs [Docket No.: 140304192-5999-02] (RIN: 0648-BE05) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4406. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Listing Determinations on Proposal To List the Banggai Cardinalfish and Harrisson’s Dogfish Under the Endan-gered Species Act [Docket No.: 151120999-5999- 01] (RIN: 0648-XE328) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4407. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Fisheries, Office of Protected Re-sources, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Species; Critical Habitat for En-dangered North Atlantic Right Whale [Dock-et No.: 100217099-5999-03] (RIN: 0648-AY54) re-ceived February 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4408. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf, and South Atlantic; Aquaculture [Docket No.: 080225276-5601-02] (RIN: 0648-AS65) received February 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4409. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Great Egg Harbor Bay; Somers Point, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0921] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived February 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4410. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Great Egg Harbor Bay; Somers Point, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0921] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived February 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4411. A letter from the Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s direct final rule — Notification and Reporting of Aircraft Accidents or Inci-dents and Overdue Aircraft, and Preserva-tion of Aircraft Wreckage, Mail, Cargo, and Records [Docket No.: NTSB-AS-2012-0001] (RIN: 3147-AA11) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4412. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Awarding Agency Regulatory Im-plementation of Office of Management and Budget’s Uniform Administrative Require-ments, Cost Principles, and Audit Require-ments for Federal Awards (RIN: 3245-AG62) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 4413. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Small Business Size Standards: Inflation Adjustment to Monetary Based Size Stand-ards (RIN: 3245-AG60) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 4414. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Small Business Size Standards: Employee Based Size Standards in Wholesale Trade and Retail Trade (RIN: 3245-AG49) received Feb-ruary 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23FE7.000 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H853 February 23, 2016 
801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 4415. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Small Business Size Standards for Manu-facturing (RIN: 3245-AG50) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. 4416. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Small Business Size Standards: Industries With Employee Based Size Standards Not Part of Manufacturing, Wholesale Trade, or Retail Trade (RIN: 3245-AG51) received Feb-ruary 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 4417. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Los Olivos District Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015- 0004; T.D. TTB-132; Ref: Notice No.: 148] (RIN: 1513-AC11) received February 10, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4418. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Eagle Foothills Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015- 0006; T.D. TTB-131; Ref: Notice No.: 150] (RIN: 1513-AC18) received February 10, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4419. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Returning Evi-dence at the Appeals Council Level [Docket No.: SSA-2013-0061] (RIN: 0960-AH64) received February 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4420. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting the Eco-nomic Report of the President together with the 2016 Annual Report of the Council of Eco-nomic Advisers, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1022(a); February 20, 1946, ch. 33, Sec. 3(a) (as amend-ed by Public Law 101-508; 13112(e)); (104 Stat. 1388-609) (H. Doc. No. 114—85); to the Joint Economic Committee and ordered to be printed. 4421. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s proposed fiscal year 2017 budget, pursuant to Public Law 92-181; jointly to the Committees on Agriculture and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4422. A letter from the Director of Congres-sional Affairs, National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the FY 2017 Appropria-tions Request for the National Endowment for the Arts; jointly to the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Appropria-tions. 4423. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Medicare National Coverage Determinations for Fiscal Year 2015, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ff(f)(7); Public Law 106-554, Sec. 522(f)(7); (114 Stat. 2763A-546); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 4424. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Re-porting and Returning of Overpayments [CMS-6037-F] (RIN: 0938-AQ58) received Feb-ruary 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[Pursuant to sec. 4 of H. Res. 611 the following report was filed on February 16, 2016] Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 3624. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder; with an amendment (Rept. 114–422). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. [Submitted on February 23, 2016] Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4402. A bill to require a review of information regarding persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist organiza-tions in Syria and Iraq, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (Rept. 114–423). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4408. A bill to require the devel-opment of a national strategy to combat ter-rorist travel, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–424). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4398. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to provide for re-quirements relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–425). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3821. A bill to amend title XIX to require the publication of a provider directory in the case of States providing for medical assistance on a fee-for-service basis or through a primary care case-management system, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–426). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3716. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to provide to the Secretary of Health and Human Services certain information with respect to provider terminations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–427). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 618. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3624) to amend title 28, United States Code, to pre-vent fraudulent joinder (Rept. 114–428). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 619. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportunities for rec-reational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–429). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 4580. A bill to require the Secretary of State to submit an unclassified notice before the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other for-eign country, or any other foreign entity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, and Mr. R ANGEL ): H.R. 4581. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prevent earnings strip-ping of corporations which are related to in-verted corporations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 4582. A bill to exclude striped bass from the anadromous fish doubling require-ment in section 3406(b)(1) of the Central Val-ley Project Improvement Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mr. H
UD-
SON): H.R. 4583. A bill to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 4584. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. H
OYER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. B EYER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. E
DWARDS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. K EATING , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 4585. A bill to increase the rates of pay under the statutory pay systems and for prevailing rate employees by 3.9 percent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DOLD (for himself and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 4586. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to States for developing standing orders and educating health care professionals regard-ing the dispensing of opioid overdose rever-sal medication without person-specific pre-scriptions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. H
ANNA , and Mr. M OULTON ): H.R. 4587. A bill to improve certain pro-grams of the Small Business Administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23FE7.000 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH854 February 23, 2016 
to better assist small business customers in accessing broadband technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. R USH, Mr. S AR-
BANES , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 4588. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide the same level of Federal matching assistance for every State that chooses to expand Medicaid coverage to newly eligible individuals, re-gardless of when such expansion takes place; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 4589. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the cap on the Medicare Advantage star rating bonuses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4590. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which ap-propriations are being made for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4591. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into agreements with certain health care providers to furnish hospital care, medical services, and extended care to veterans; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. NEAL (for himself and Mr. R
OO-
NEYof Florida): H.R. 4592. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th Anniversary of the Naismith Memo-rial Basketball Hall of Fame; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4593. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a payroll tax ex-emption for hiring long-term unemployed in-dividuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. R
EED): H.R. 4594. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to make college affordable and accessible; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. H
IGGINS , Mrs. M ILLER of Michi-gan, Mr. K
IND, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. L IPINSKI ): H.R. 4595. A bill to authorize the Director of the United States Geological Survey to conduct monitoring, assessment, science, and research, in support of the binational fisheries within the Great Lakes Basin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana): H. Con. Res. 117. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Serv-ice and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. FORBES: H. Res. 615. A resolution expressing support for the Senate regarding the importance of selecting a Supreme Court Justice, and urg-ing the Senate to only consider a nominee who will uphold the integrity of the Con-stitution in judicial decisions; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself and Ms. L
EE): H. Res. 616. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the necessity to publically exonerate the African American sailors of the United States Navy who were tried and convicted of mutiny in connection with their service at the Port Chicago Naval Magazine in Con-cord, California, during World War II in order to further aid in healing the racial di-vide that continues to exist in the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H. Res. 617. A resolution providing for au-thority to initiate litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch offi-cials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the United States with re-spect to the unlawful transfer of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Res. 620. A resolution expressing the profound sorrow of the House of Representa-tives on the death of the Honorable Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H. Res. 621. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the future of the Supreme Court; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mrs. D
AVIS of California): H. Res. 622. A resolution encouraging peo-ple in the United States to recognize March 2, 2016, as Read Across America Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. B
ARTON , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. R
USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. T ONKO ): H. Res. 623. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Engineers Week; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
172. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Michigan, rel-ative to Senate Resolution No. 128, urging the United States Congress to overturn re-cent executive actions put forth by the President concerning gun control; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 173. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 7, urging the United States Department of Veterans Af-fairs and the United States Congress to cre-ate a pilot program in Michigan instituting a flexible Veterans Choice Card system structured similar to a traditional health care program for all veterans in Michigan; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 4580. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 4581. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 4582. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (relating to regulating commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes) and Clause 18 (re-lating to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-ers vested in Congress). By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 4583. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 4584. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8, ‘‘. . . to provide the common defense and general welfare of the United States’’ By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 4585. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. DOLD: H.R. 4586. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GIBSON: H.R. 4587. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 4588. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 4589. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the United States Constitution By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4590. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23FE7.100 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H855 February 23, 2016 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4591. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4592. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulsate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;’’ By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4593. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 4594. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 4595. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mrs. B LACK and Mr. Z INKE. H.R. 131: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 210: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 249: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 267: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 448: Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 546: Mr. B
UCHANAN and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 563: Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 581: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 592: Mr. L
AMALFA and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 605: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 624: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 654: Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 664: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 711: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 764: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 775: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. C
RENSHAW . H.R. 799: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 814: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 841: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 864: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 865: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 911: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 921: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. H OLDING . H.R. 927: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 997: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 1088: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1093: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 1095: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 1098: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1171: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 1188: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mr. H IG-
GINS. H.R. 1218: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 1221: Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 1247: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1301: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 1343: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 1391: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 1457: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 1475: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. H
IGGINS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. T
URNER , Mr. L AHOOD, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 1559: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 1567: Mr. R
ANGEL and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 1655: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 1686: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1718: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1763: Mr. M
CDERMOTT and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1769: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1854: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 1887: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 1941: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 1943: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2102: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2156: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2170: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. H.R. 2191: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2193: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2218: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2236: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Ms. J UDYCHU of California. H.R. 2257: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2278: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 2404: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 2500: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Mr. H EN-
SARLING . H.R. 2515: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2516: Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 2539: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 2540: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2622: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 2633: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2646: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 2656: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2680: Ms. H
AHN. H.R. 2711: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 2715: Mr. V
ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C
LEAVER , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 2745: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 2759: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2799: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 2802: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 2805: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 2846: Ms. E
DWARDS . H.R. 2867: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 2894: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2896: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 2901: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2903: Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. C OOK, Mr. F
ARR, and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 2911: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 2939: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 2956: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 2972: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3012: Mr. M
ESSER and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 3026: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 3029: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3080: Mr. P
AULSEN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. R
EED. H.R. 3119: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and Mr. R
IGELL . H.R. 3123: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 3137: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala- bama, and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 3150: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3151: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 3193: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 3225: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3299: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 3308: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3326: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . H.R. 3351: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 3355: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 3381: Mrs. L
OWEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. P
ITTENGER , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3399: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 3439: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 3541: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3542: Mr. R
ANGEL and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 3556: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 3643: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 3655: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 3687: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3694: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3706: Ms. T
SONGAS and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 3710: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 3713: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 3779: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3790: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3799: Mr. P
OMPEO and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3805: Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 3817: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 3892: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. M ICA, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 3924: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 3926: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3946: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 3977: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3978: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 4007: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 4013: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4018: Mr. C
UELLAR and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4063: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 4089: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 4116: Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 4126: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. M ICA, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. S
ALMON . H.R. 4138: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 4140: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4144: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. M CDERMOTT . H.R. 4160: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 4165: Mr. H
ANNA . H.R. 4167: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 4172: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4183: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 4184: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4212: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 4219: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 4223: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4230: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4238: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 4247: Mr. H
UNTER and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 4249: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4262: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 4263: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 4278: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4293: Mr. P
AULSEN and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4294: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. P
AULSEN , and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4298: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4336: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C
OLE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. S MITH of New Jer- sey. H.R. 4352: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R
IGELL , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S ALMON , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 4362: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia. H.R. 4364: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 4371: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. W
ALKER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.023 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH856 February 23, 2016 
H.R. 4377: Mr. M ULVANEY . H.R. 4380: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4381: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. L
OVE, and Mr. K LINE. H.R. 4390: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4398: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 4400: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4401: Mr. H
IGGINS . H.R. 4402: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4403: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4408: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4420: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 4424: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 4430: Ms. S
PEIER and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 4448: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4456: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4461: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4465: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 4471: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4479: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 4480: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. F ARR. H.R. 4488: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , Mr. F
ATTAH , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4491: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4502: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 4519: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4521: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
LYBURN , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Mr. G
OWDY . H.R. 4525: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 4534: Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 4537: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 4539: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4543: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4550: Mr. B
RADY of Texas. H.R. 4552: Mr. C
RENSHAW . H.R. 4555: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4570: Mr. R
OKITA and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4578: Ms. H
AHNand Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.J. Res. 23: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.J. Res. 50: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H. Con. Res. 19: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. C
ONAWAY and Mr. C UL-
BERSON . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H. Con. Res. 101: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 28: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 112: Mr. R
ANGEL . H. Res. 148: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mrs. L OWEY . H. Res. 214: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. V EASEY . H. Res. 289: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H. Res. 428: Mr. E
LLISON . H. Res. 540: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 541: Ms. M
OORE and Ms. N ORTON . H. Res. 551: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. L
EVIN. H. Res. 565: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H. Res. 569: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. L EVIN. H. Res. 591: Mr. V
ELA, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. E MMER of Min- nesota, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. U PTON , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H. Res. 593: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H. Res. 608: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. V
ARGAS . H. Res. 610: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BUCK The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative Buck, or a designee, to H.R. 3624, the ‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act,’’ does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. WITTMAN  My amendment to H.R. 2406 does not con-tain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE7.028 H23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S925 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2016 No. 28 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Lord, You are great and highly to be praised. Make Yourself known in the hearts and minds of our lawmakers. May Your presence create in them a hunger and thirst for righteousness. Help them to see the opportunities that reside in their challenges, as thoughts of Your steadfast love sustain them throughout life’s seasons. May their lips speak of Your wisdom and the meditations of their hearts earn Your sacred approval. Lord, give them the wisdom to remember how fragile life is and that when we die we leave our possessions to others. When our Senators call on You in the day of trouble, deliver them with Your mighty hands. And, Lord, touch Senator C
LAIRE  M
CCASKILL with Your healing hands. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF ROBERT CALIFF Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, at a time when the prescription drug opioid epidemic is tearing families and com-munities apart in our country, it is clear we need strong leadership at the FDA. This is an agency that can play a leading role in addressing the crisis through its drug-approval process, but it is also an agency that has been rightly criticized for not recognizing the severity of such a significant prob-lem and for not taking greater action to address it. Today we will consider the nomina-tion of someone who I think can help lead the agency in a new direction. I recently met with Dr. Califf and raised my concerns and desire for the FDA to take a more assertive role in address-ing this serious epidemic. He shared with me his proposed plan for dealing with the issue and for establishing a necessary cultural shift over the agen-cy. I plan to support his nomination today, and I look forward to working with him. That said, I have proudly led many efforts over the years to push the FDA to take a stronger approach when it comes to ending today’s prescription opioid epidemic. I don’t plan to let up now. The FDA should expect contin-uous, rigorous oversight in the way the agency addresses this epidemic in the future. f 
GUANTANAMO DETAINEES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we understand that in just a few minutes the President is set to make an an-nouncement on the secure facility in Guantanamo. In light of that, col-leagues should consider the following things we have heard in recent weeks. General Dunford has spoken of the need for our military to take more ag-gressive action against the ISIL group that is operating inside Libya. General Campbell has spoken of the need to retain a sizable enough force in Afghanistan to accomplish the dual missions of both conducting counter-terrorism operations and training and advising the Afghan security forces. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter has issued a budget request that seeks funding for the weapons systems and programs we will need to balance against the regional ambitions of China and Russia. In other words, some of the most sen-ior national security officials within this administration are already work-ing to better position the next Presi-dent for the national security chal-lenges we will face in 2017 and beyond. Yet President Obama seems to remain captured on one matter by a campaign promise he made in 2008—his ill-consid-ered crusade to close the secure deten-tion facility at Guantanamo. Today we received the descriptions of where the President would like to de-tain terrorists within the United States—though not any actual pro-posed locations—despite the fact that it would be illegal under current law to transfer foreign terrorists at Guanta-namo into the United States. This isn’t a case where the President can even try to justify the use of some pen-and- phone strategy by claiming Congress failed to act. To the contrary, Congress acted over and over again in a bipar-tisan way to reject the President’s de-sire to transfer dangerous terrorists to communities in the United States. The President signed all these prohibitions and his Attorney General recently con-firmed that it is illegal for the Presi-dent to transfer any of these terrorists into the United States. We will review President Obama’s plan, but since it includes bringing dangerous terrorists to facilities in U.S. communities, he should know that the bipartisan will of Congress has al-ready been expressed against that pro-posal. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the signs of the season are all around us. Volunteers are knocking on doors, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.000 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES926 February 23, 2016 
caucusers are caucusing, voters are voting, and countless ballots have been cast already in places as diverse as Council Bluffs, Nashua, and Myrtle Beach. Thousands more Nevadans are making their voices heard today, and Americans in over a dozen more States will have an opportunity to do the same next week. It is campaign season. We are right in the middle of it, and one of the most important issues now is this: Who will Americans trust to nominate the next Supreme Court justice? The Presi-dential candidates are already debating the issue on stage. Americans are al-ready discussing the issue among themselves, and voters are already casting ballots—in the case of the Democratic leader’s constituents on this very day—with this issue very much in mind. One might say this is an almost un-precedented moment in the history of our country. It has been more than 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy arose and was filled in a Presidential election year, and that was when the Senate majority and the President were from the same political party. It has been 80 years. Since we have divided government today, it means we have to look back almost 130 years to the last time a nominee was confirmed in similar cir-cumstances. That was back when poli-ticians such as mugwumps were debat-ing policy like free silver and a guy named Grover ran the country. Think about that. As Senators, it leaves us with a choice. Will we allow the people to con-tinue deciding who will nominate the next Justice or will we empower a lameduck President to make that deci-sion on his way out the door instead? The question of who decides has been contemplated by many, including our friends on the other side of the aisle. We already know the incoming Demo-cratic leader’s view. The senior Sen-ator from New York didn’t even wait until the final year of President George W. Bush’s term to declare that the Sen-ate ‘‘should reverse the presumption of confirmation’’ and ‘‘not confirm a Su-preme Court nominee except in ex-traordinary circumstances.’’ We also know how the current Demo-cratic leader feels about judicial nomi-nees from a President of the other party. This is what he said: 
‘‘The Senate is not a rubberstamp for the executive branch,’’ he said. ‘‘Nowhere in [the Constitution] does it say the Senate has a duty to give presidential nominees a vote. It says appointments shall be made with the advice and consent of the Senate. That’s very different than saying every nominee re-ceives a vote.’’ 
What about the views of the top offi-cer of this body, the President of the Senate? J
OEBIDEN was a Senator for many decades. He was a loyal Demo-crat. He developed enduring friendships in both parties, and before becoming Vice President, he served here as chair-man of the Judiciary Committee. Let’s consider what he said in circumstances similar to where we find ourselves today. It was an election year with campaigns already underway, a Presi-dent and a Senate majority from dif-ferent political parties, just as we have today. This is what appeared on page A25 of the Washington Post: Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr. (D-Del.), chair-man of the Judiciary Committee, has urged President Bush not to fill any vacancy that might open up on the Supreme Court until after the November election. Warning that any election-year nominee ‘‘would become a victim’’ of a ‘‘power struggle’’ over control of the Supreme Court, Biden said he would also urge the Senate not to hold hearings on a nomination if Bush decided to name some-one. 
The article continued, quoting then- Senator B
IDEN: 
‘‘If someone steps down, I would highly recommend the president not name someone, not send a name up,’’ Biden said. ‘‘If he [Bush] did send someone up, I would ask the Senate to seriously consider not having a hearing on that nominee.’’ 
And then, this: 
‘‘Can you imagine dropping a nominee, after the three or four or five decisions that are about to [be] made by the Supreme Court, into that fight, into that cauldron in the middle of a presidential year?’’ Biden went on. ‘‘I believe there would be no bounds of propriety that would be honored by either side. . . . The environment within which such a hearing would be held would be so su-percharged and so prone to be able to be dis-torted.’’ ‘‘Whomever the nominee was, good, bad or indifferent,’’ he added, ‘‘would become a vic-tim.’’ 
As the current chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY , pointed out yesterday, B
IDEN went even further on the Senate floor. He said that ‘‘[it does not] matter how good a person is nominated by the President’’ because it was the principle of the mat-ter, not the person, that truly mattered. B
IDEN cautioned that ‘‘Some of our nation’s most bitter and heated con-firmation fights have come in presi-dential election years’’ but also re-minded colleagues of several instances when Presidents exercised restraint and withheld from making a nomina-tion until after the election. One of them was Abraham Lincoln. It offers an example others may choose to consider. President Obama, like Lincoln, once served in the Illinois legislature. It is a place he returned to just the other day to talk about healing the divide in our country. He said: 
It’s been noted often by pundits that the tone of our politics hasn’t gotten better since I was inaugurated. In fact it’s gotten worse. . . . One of my few regrets is my in-ability to reduce the polarization and mean-ness in our politics. 
Well, this is his moment. He has every right to nominate someone, even if doing so will inevitably plunge our Nation into another bitter and un-avoidable struggle. That certainly is his right. Even if he never expects that nominee to be actually confirmed but rather to wield as an election cudgel, he certainly has the right to do that. But he also has the right to make a dif-ferent choice. He could let the people decide and make this an actual legacy- building moment, rather than just an-other campaign road show. Whatever he decides, his own Vice President and others remind us of an essential point. Presidents have a right to nominate just as the Senate has its constitutional right to provide or with-hold consent. In this case, the Senate will withhold it. The Senate will appro-priately revisit the matter after the American people finish making in No-vember the decision they have already started making today. For now, I would ask colleagues to consider once more the words of Vice President BIDEN. He said: 
Some will criticize such a decision and say it was nothing more than an attempt to save the seat on the Court in the hopes that a . . . [member of my party] will be permitted to fill it, but that would not be our intention, Mr. President, if that were the course to choose in the Senate to not consider holding hearings until after the election. Instead, it would be our pragmatic conclusion that once the political season is underway, and it is, action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election campaign is over. 
That is Vice President B IDEN when he was chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee in a Presidential election year. Fair to the nominee, essential to the process, a pragmatic conclusion—the words of President Obama’s own No. 2. What else needs to be said? 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
WISHING WELL SENATOR CLAIRE M
CCASKILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, on behalf of the entire Senate, we acknowledge the prayer of the Chaplain today regarding C
LAIRE MCCASKILL . CLAIRE MCCASKILL , as is known now, has breast cancer. She feels comfortable with the diag-nosis. She is in a place where they are rendering great care in St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, so we are hopeful and very confident she is going to be just fine. But our thoughts are with her, recognizing the number of people in the Senate who have been stricken with cancer of one kind or another. Without belaboring the point, breast cancer is personally very devastating not only to the patient, of course, but to the family who is doing everything they can in a compassionate way to support their loved one. We know Joe, her husband, is terribly concerned, but I sent a message to him that the treat-ment of breast cancer is so much better than it was just a few years ago and that we believe C
LAIRE will be OK, and we certainly hope that is the case. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.002 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S927 February 23, 2016 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG ABUSE Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican leader mentioned a number of things, and I am not going to talk about all of them, but there is one thing I want to focus on for just a minute. We have something that is devastating moving forward through-out this country, and that is poisoning by opioids. These products that come in the form of medicine prescribed by doctors have been devastating and sweeping the country. Of course, I am glad we are moving forward on Dr. Califf—he is a fine man, and he will do a good job as head of the Food and Drug Administration—but we are going to move to some legislation dealing with these poisons. I would hope that everyone would appreciate the fact that what we are going to do, as we do too often, is celebrate the passing of legislation that really doesn’t have much to do with reality. The only way we are going to do a bet-ter job of fighting this scourge is to have some resources to help people who have the responsibility to do some-thing about that. We need to take up the Judiciary Committee’s opioid bill, maybe even as early as next week, but we also need to devote real resources, not just lipservice, to this important problem. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. REID. Mr. President, I know the Republican leader is doing his best to try to make a good picture here as to why he has made the decision that the Senate is not going to confirm any Su-preme Court nominee the President puts forward. I heard one statement by the former chair of the Judiciary Com-mittee this morning saying it doesn’t matter whom he puts up, we are not going to vote for him or her, whatever the case may be. But the facts my friend provides are absolutely dis-tracting and they are wrong. He can read all the statements he wants from the senior Senator from New York and the Vice President, but never were any nominees held up. In fact, we don’t have to go back to Grover, as he indicated, to find a simi-lar situation. Let’s talk about Ronald, a more recent President. In 1988, in the last year of his Presidency, President Reagan put forward the nomination of Anthony Kennedy to be a Supreme Court Justice. That was in the last year of his term. And what did we do? We took it up, and he was confirmed. There is a lot of time to do things. Vice President B
IDEN’s statement was made in the middle of the summer of the year he spoke, but there is so much time left. We have 333 days left in President Obama’s term of office, so there is plenty of time to get the work done. The average number of days to confirm Justices is 67 days, so I think we should be able to squeeze 67 days out of 333 days. I don’t want to burden everyone with facts, but sometimes they can get in the way of some of these ridiculous di-versions from what our job should be. When Senator BIDEN was chairman of the Judiciary Committee in 1991 and 1992 during George W. Bush’s term, we confirmed 120 judges. Certainly that hasn’t been the case in the last few years because Republicans basically have opposed all judges. And now this new direction toward making sure there is no confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice is obstruction on steroids. This is really a pivotal moment for the Republican Party and this Repub-lican Senate. The Republican Party of Abraham Lincoln and Theodore Roo-sevelt is transforming before our eyes, abandoning its last vestiges of decency and rationality and unconditionally surrendering its moral compass to Don-ald Trump and T
EDCRUZ. Gone are the days of levelheadedness and com-promise. The radicals in the Repub-lican Party have turned ‘‘bipartisan-ship’’ into a dirty word. Behind closed doors, my Republican colleagues like to express disappointment at the direc-tion the party is taking, but never, never will they say anything publicly because the extreme elements in their party who seem to be running the party will criticize them. Republicans should think long and hard about this simple fact: If they fol-low the course set by the Republican leader, every one of them will be as re-sponsible as Trump and C
RUZ in the debasement of the Republican Party. He will join them in what they have done to the party. It will be a new and much worse Republican Party. Clearly, Senator M
CCONNELL is abso-lutely following the lead of extremists Trump and C
RUZ. There is no clearer example of this than the Republican leader’s response to the Supreme Court vacancy. In the aftermath of Justice Scalia’s passing, the senior Senator from Kentucky could have announced his intent to fulfill the Senate’s con-stitutional responsibility and invited the President to send a well-qualified candidate to the Senate for confirma-tion. But that is not what he did be-cause that is not the party of Trump. Instead, the Republican leader an-nounced that he will deny President Obama his constitutional right to ap-point nominees to the Supreme Court, defying all precedent that has been set, and by so doing, he will leave the Su-preme Court in a state of uncertainty. Senator M
CCONNELL is leading a charge to obstruct and cheapen the Presidency at all costs, regardless of the damage it does to our democracy. Doesn’t that sound familiar? Sounds like something Donald Trump would do. That is because it is exactly what Donald Trump urged Senator M
CCON-
NELL to do. At a Republican Presi-dential debate in South Carolina 10 days ago, Mr. Trump said of the Su-preme Court vacancy: I think it’s up to Mitch McConnell and ev-erybody else to stop [the nomination]. It’s called delay, delay, delay. 
That is from Donald Trump, and that is exactly what the Republican leader is doing—delay, delay, delay. I believe 333 days is enough to do the work we ordinarily do in 67 days. It is disappointing that the Senator from Kentucky takes his marching or-ders from extremists such as Donald Trump. It is a pretty stark change from what Senator M
CCONNELL used to believe. He used to loathe this radical tea party faction of the Republican Party. According to an account in the New York Times, the Republican lead-er once referred to the tea party Re-publicans as ‘‘those idiots, those people come up here and have never been in office and know nothing about being in office.’’ Yet, today, he is meeting with those same Republicans. He is meeting with the House Freedom Caucus—the same Republicans who worked with T
EDCRUZ to shut down the govern-ment. And they did shut it down. It seems as though the Republican leader now subscribes to this new, radical Re-publicanism. Even though this extremist brand of politics may sell in Republican Presi-dential primaries, mainstream Ameri-cans categorically reject it. Yesterday, Public Policy Polling released a survey of Independent voters in Pennsylvania and Ohio—not Democrats, not Repub-licans, but a large swath of Americans who are now Independents. These num-bers should serve as a wake-up call to the Republican leader’s party: 70 per-cent of Independent voters in Ohio be-lieve a new Supreme Court Justice should be named this year. More than 60 percent of Independent voters in Pennsylvania believe a new Supreme Court Justice should be named this year. The American people are telling Re-publicans in the Senate that they re-ject this obstruction of a Supreme Court nominee. Unfortunately, the Re-publican leader is listening to Donald Trump and the junior Senator from Texas. He is not listening to main-stream America. He is not listening to the few voices of reason coming from his own party, even from his own Sen-ators. Yesterday the senior Senator from Maine, a Republican, told CNN: 
For my part, it’s clear the President can send up a nominee—regardless of where he is before he leaves office. It is the duty of the Senate, under the Constitution, to give our advice and consent or withhold our consent. I believe we should follow the regular order and give careful consideration to any nomi-nee that the President may send to the Sen-ate. 
There is precedent in this body. Even in the Judiciary Committee, if there is a hearing held and the person is not re-ported out with a majority vote, it comes to the floor anyway. Senator L
EAHY —longtime chair of the Judici-ary Committee, the President pro tem-pore of the Senate, and now ranking member of the Judiciary Committee— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.003 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES928 February 23, 2016 
will come and talk about that this morning. I just read a quote from Senator C
OL-
LINS, but she is not alone in urging the Republican leader to follow regular order. Other sitting Senators are say-ing the same thing. I will not read what all of them say, but there is a small nucleus of Republican Senators who believe strongly that what Sen-ator M
CCONNELL is doing is wrong. The Republican Senator from Indi-ana, Senator C
OATS , was quoted in one interview as saying: 
If the President nominates someone, which is his choice, I think that person would de-serve a hearing if that person is not someone that is just obviously nominated for political purposes. 
Even the Republican leader’s former colleagues agree that the President’s nominee deserves a fair shake. The former Senator from Indiana, Dick Lugar, is urging Senate Republicans to do the right thing and honor their con-stitutional duty. He served here for more than three decades. Here is what he said yesterday: 
I can’t understand their reluctance given the controversy that surrounds all of the de-bate that has already occurred. But that is not sufficient reason to forgo your duty. 
But perhaps the former Republican Senator from Maine, Olympia Snowe, said it best: 
I believe that the process should go for-ward and be given a good-faith effort. 
‘‘A good-faith effort’’—it is a phrase we hear often, but it is absolutely cru-cial to American democracy. Our Con-stitution is constructed with the expec-tation that elected leaders would act in good faith. That is how our govern-ment operates. It should. Under the Re-publican obstruction, that has not been the case. I ask my Republican colleagues, whose side do you want to be on? Whose voice are you listening to? These voices of moderation and reason coming from within your own party or the shrill voices—the shrill, shrill voices—of Trump and C
RUZ? There isn’t time to vacillate. Right now, before our eyes, the Republican leader is lead-ing this conference straight to the side of Donald Trump and T
EDCRUZ. It is not too late to change course. Reject the extremist approach being propagated by the likes of Donald Trump and T
EDCRUZ. It will only hurt our country. Put aside this unprece-dented obstruction and work with President Obama to fill this crucial va-cancy on the Supreme Court. Do your job. All we are saying is: Do your job. Do your job. Do your job. Will the Chair announce the schedule for the rest of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
NOMINATION OF MICHAEL MISSAL  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, it is quite a discussion when we talk about confirmations, one of the responsibil-ities this body has that the other body does not have. In the case of a U.S. Su-preme Court vacancy, however, during an election year, I think it has actu-ally been some 80 years since they have actually filled a vacancy as opposed to waiting until after the next election. I am concerned today, though, about another confirmation. VA IG nominee Michael Missal has been nominated, and I have a hold. To explain what that means, when you have a hold, that doesn’t necessarily mean you don’t ap-prove of the nominee, but it does mean there is one reason or another you don’t want to go ahead and confirm that person. That happened in the case of the nominee to be a VA inspector general, Michael Missal. Actually, I am not placing a hold on him because of deficiencies in him but deficiencies in the Office of the Inspector General. Today what I am announcing is that I am lifting that hold. That means they are free to go ahead and have this nominee go forward, and I think that is the right thing to do. At the Muskogee VA facility alone, the IG office has conducted nine inves-tigations since 2009, and there has been little or no change in the quality of care. Right now, my office is working hundreds of cases of Oklahoma vet-erans facing inadequate care or blocked access to benefits. I wrote the VA IG in January of 2016 simply re-questing that the VA IG—inspector general—visit Oklahoma facilities and to do so with an outside entity such as a joint commission. There is an atti-tude sometimes with individuals not wanting outside help, a kind of as-sumption that ‘‘I don’t need their help.’’ Their response letter denied my request to conduct an investigation with a third party. It is time for our VA facilities in Oklahoma to be held to those same standards as private hos-pitals, and I believe it would take the aid of an outside group to make this happen because right now they are not meeting that quality. Since placing a hold on Mr. Missal, the IG office has committed to inves-tigating Oklahoma’s VA facilities with the oversight of an outside entity, and I have also had commitment from Mi-chael Missal that he will do that. I ap-preciate their commitment, but our work to improve the care for Oklahoma veterans doesn’t end there. Since the VA reform bill passed Con-gress this last summer—and it was a good bill—it is clear our facilities in Oklahoma have continued business as usual. I haven’t seen any noticeable difference in the performance and treatment of our veterans since the passage and activation of that bill. I believe the impending investigations will show it is going to require a change in the management level to bring about lasting improvements for veterans care. That is why I, along with my junior Senator from Oklahoma J AMES  L
ANKFORD , introduced S. 2554, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Account-ability Act, on February 12. This legis-lation is critical to providing the best treatment for our country’s veterans. Building upon the comprehensive plan of the 2014 VA reform bill, our legisla-tion grants VA leadership at the re-gional level the authority to fire and demote staff working in these facili-ties. I think a lot of them thought the reform bill did that, but it didn’t. We haven’t been able to do it. It also al-lows directors of veterans regional chapters to contract with an outside entity to conduct investigations of their VA medical facilities. As I have worked to address the many concerns I have with Oklahoma’s VA facilities, I have come to trust the leadership at the regional level. One individual who has come in is Ralph Gigliotti. He has done a great job. He doesn’t have the authority to do what this bill would allow him to do. Not only were inter-mediate surgeries suspended due to what they have now uncovered, but also the chief of staff has been tempo-rarily removed from his position. However, this process revealed that regional directors are not presently empowered to address staffing concerns in the facilities they oversee. We have seen this in the State of Oklahoma nu-merous times. Our legislation peels away the layers of bureaucracy and al-lows the directors and each of the re-gional areas to play a larger role with improving the VA system as a whole. As we all know, freedom isn’t free. Many of our veterans have paid the prices with scars, some visible and some may go unseen such as post-trau-matic stress disorder—PTSD—depres-sion, and traumatic brain injuries. In my great State of Oklahoma, there are more than 37,000 military families and roughly 340,000 veterans that call our State home, attend our churches, and contribute to our communities. On be-half of Oklahoma, I say we are humbled by the immeasurable dedication of each and every one of them. I think it is the government’s duty to honor the promises made to our veterans in re-turn for their sacrifice. I urge our col-leagues to remember that. I can remember when I was in the Army, commitments were made to me 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.004 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S929 February 23, 2016 
when a decision was made—actually, mine was not a decision because it was compulsory service at that time, which I think we ought to go back to. Any-way, I think this is going to be good, and this is going to give us the re-sources and the capability of cor-recting the problems as we see them. For that reason, I am lifting my hold on Mr. Michael Missal and his nomina-tion will move forward. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this past weekend the Nation honored Justice Antonin Scalia, who was laid to rest after serving on the Supreme Court for nearly three decades. Marcelle and I were home in Vermont when we learned that Justice Scalia had passed. Frankly, we were stunned by the news. I did not often agree with Justice Scalia, but he was a brilliant jurist with a deep commitment to our coun-try and to the Constitution, and we en-joyed his friendship for decades. He will be remembered as one of the most influential Justices in modern history. While his family and all should have had a chance to mourn his passing, I was shocked when, in the immediate wake of his death, Senate Republicans moved quickly to shut down the con-stitutionally mandated process to fill the vacancy left on the Supreme Court. Within hours of his death being an-nounced, they declared they would op-pose any effort to confirm the next Su-preme Court Justice this year. I have served in this body longer than any Member here and I have heard some shocking things during that time, but I am surprised by the political crassness of these statements. Before a nominee had even been named, some Republicans reflexively decided to prematurely reject anyone— anyone—nominated by the President. This impulsive rush to judgment runs completely contrary to how this body has always treated nominees—always treated nominees—to the highest Court in the land. Republicans should not allow the hyper-partisan rhetoric of the campaign trail to trump one of the Senate’s most important constitu-tional duties. I have talked to the President, and I know he will fulfill his constitutional duty. He will nominate an individual to bring the Supreme Court back to full strength, and of course he should. The President has already begun consulting with Members of both parties in Sen-ate, but after a nomination has been made, we in the Senate should get to work and do our jobs—the jobs we were elected to do. I was all over my State of Vermont last week. The Vermonters I spoke with last week reflect Americans across the country who are tired of partisan political games that are chip-ping away at the foundation of our con-stitutional democracy. I heard this from both Republicans and Democrats in Vermont. As Oliver Goodenough, a law pro-fessor at Vermont Law School, wrote this weekend in the Rutland Herald, an extended Supreme Court vacancy caused by Senate inaction ‘‘would cer-tainly create a constitutional embar-rassment.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this article be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Rutland Herald, Feb. 21, 2016] C
OURT BATTLE —ANOTHER SHUTDOWN ? (By Oliver R. Goodenough) Within hours of the announcement of Anton Scalia’s death, one of our political parties was already trying to make points with the electorate about the process of picking his successor. At that evening’s de-bate, the GOP presidential candidates advo-cated that the constitutional process should be suspended, either voluntarily by Presi-dent Barack Obama or by purposeful inac-tion by the Senate. Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, was just as speedy, trying to warn Obama off from acting on the mandate of Ar-ticle II, Section 2, which charges the presi-dent with nominating a replacement for Jus-tice Scalia and the Senate with providing its advice and consent on the president’s choice. One can understand McConnell’s dis-appointment. Appointments to the Supreme Court are for life, which means only resigna-tion, impeachment or death will create a va-cancy. In the somewhat ghoulish game of waiting for a slot on the closely divided Su-preme Court to open up, the short-term ex-pectations of mortality had been focused elsewhere—Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg, in particular, has been a survivor of long-odds pancreatic cancer. So Republicans were brought up short by the death of a conservative hero, whose re-placement could shift the balance of the court. The accidents of history will do that sometimes. The Constitution makes provision for what happens in such a case—in the kind of clear, unequivocal language that is the best target for Justice Scalia’s vaunted originalism. The president nominates. The Senate, for its part, gives the qualifications of any nominee a serious vetting; it is not entitled to just ig-nore the nomination. Some reports have argued that such a course of process sabotage would create a ‘‘constitutional crisis.’’ This is probably an overstatement; it would certainly create a constitutional embarrassment. With nearly a year left in Obama’s term, waiting for his successor to name the new justice in 2017 would remove the ninth voice from the court not just for the current yearly term but also for most of the following term as well, since the replacement would arrive in the spring and miss months of argument and delibera-tion. For the better part of a year, the va-cancy would sit like a broken tooth in the operations of the court. Close cases would often end up tied, with the result that the lower court finding would remain the bind-ing result. Not itself a disaster, but a result that the constitutional provisions for nam-ing a successor are designed to avoid. The embarrassment of sabotage on judicial appointments actually already exists: Re-publicans in the Senate have effectively shut down the process of nominating new judges for the federal courts of appeal. The block-age isn’t over qualifications—such consider-ations would be a proper exercise of the Sen-ate’s confirmation role, raised in committee and on the Senate floor Rather, the nomina-tions are sitting in a limbo of inaction: It is simply a matter of not doing the job at all. This is the real crisis, a state of politics where Republicans in the House and Senate are willing to derail the processes of govern-ment to thwart the actions of President Obama, good, bad or indifferent. The most obvious example was the full shutdown of government. Limited shutdowns on matters like judicial appointments are parts of the same pattern. Of course, obstructionism is not just a Re-publican failing, and it can be present in both parties to some degree in the spicy stew of politics in our robust democracy. But the bottom-line commitment of all parties should be to maintaining a functioning gov-ernment, structured and administered in ac-cordance with the framework set out in our Constitution, even when it is not working to their advantage. Why is this so hard for at least some Republicans to buy into? Why the willingness, indeed eagerness, to bring down the house we all live in? The key is a widespread denial among Re-publicans of the legitimacy of the Obama presidency. This is partly related to the man himself—all the blather about his birth, his religion, etc. While many Americans find it a vindication that we can elect an African- American to our highest office, for some it is an impossibility which in turn justifies the most extreme forms of resistance. Race is our original sin as a country, and its legacy haunts us still. Republicans are also in denial over changes in the social and economic fabric of America. We are, as always, in the process of moving from what America has been to what it will be. Conservatives have a role to play, re-minding us of the valuable parts of where we came from. Progressives have a role, recog-nizing the imperatives of the future and charting the paths of change toward positive outcomes. Politics is the sometimes rough and tumble playing field where the dialog on this goes forward. The intransigence of shutdowns, however, whether of the full government or a critical aspect like the nomination process, exceeds the boundaries of acceptable play and hurts us all. Obama needs to make a good faith nomination to fill the vacancy on the Su-preme Court. McConnell and his colleagues in the Senate majority need to review it in good faith. That is what the Constitution provides; that is what the country needs. Get on with it. 
Mr. LEAHY. We must not let that dysfunction infect the Supreme Court, an independent, coequal branch of gov-ernment that was designed to be above politics. The next nominee to the Su-preme Court deserves full and fair con-sideration by the Senate. This includes a timely hearing and then having an up-or-down vote. I am worried that even before Presi-dent Obama took office, and ever since then—even after he was reelected by a 5 million-vote plurality—there has been an unrelenting and cynical cam-paign by some hyper-partisans to delegitimize the President’s authority. There were the birthers, and there have been and still are spurious slurs of all kinds. Outside of this body, the efforts to undermine President Obama’s constitu-tional authority to fill this Supreme Court vacancy draws some of their ve-hemence and venom from these dark corners. But every one of us took an oath of office—every one of us—and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.006 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES930 February 23, 2016 
are sworn to uphold our constitutional duties. Let us not be intimidated and pressured to avoid our sworn duty. Let us act for the good of the American people and for the good of this great Nation. Some have justified their call for un-precedented obstruction by claiming it is because the American people need a voice. Give me a break. The American people have spoken—millions of Ameri-cans—and an overwhelming majority of Vermonters voted in record numbers in 2008 and again in 2012 to elect President Obama. In doing so, they granted him constitutional authorities for all 8 years of those two terms. A President isn’t elected for 1 year or 2 years or 3 years. A President is elected for 4 years at a time. Just saying that President Obama is a ‘‘lame duck’’ President does not make it true. In fact, the next elec-tion is not until November. The Amer-ican people expect those they elected to do their jobs for their entire term. That means both in the Senate and in the White House. They don’t expect Senators to say: Well, we can’t vote on anything this year because it is an election year. We will collect our full salary, but we are not going to vote on anything. The American people don’t like that. It is rare that a vacancy in the Su-preme Court arises during an election year, but it is just false to say Justices do not get confirmed in Presidential election years. More than a dozen Su-preme Court Justices have been con-firmed in a Presidential election year. The Democrats led the Senate during President Reagan’s final year in office, and we voted. President Reagan’s nominee was confirmed by a Demo-cratic-led Senate during the Presi-dent’s final year in office. He received a hearing and a confirmation vote. It would be the height of hypocrisy to say we shouldn’t apply the same process with a Democrat in the White House and Republicans in control of the Sen-ate. We can’t say that we will follow our constitutional duties and do our work if we have a Democratic-con-trolled Senate and a Republican Presi-dent but we can’t do it if it is the other way around. Some Republican Senators have ac-knowledged that the next Supreme Court nominee should receive a fair hearing. But the process can’t end there. I have served on the Judiciary Committee for 36 years. During my time on the committee, we have never refused to send a Supreme Court nomi-nee to the full Senate for a confirma-tion vote. Even in those cases where a majority of the committee had opposed the nomination, we still reported the nominee to the full Senate. Once re-ported to the full Senate, every Su-preme Court nominee has received an up-or-down confirmation vote during my 40 years in the Senate. We have to uphold this bipartisan tradition for the next Supreme Court nominee because so much is at stake. Merely holding a hearing without full committee process and a confirmation vote is insufficient for a Supreme Court nominee. It would be a charade, and it would be an avoid-ance of our constitutional duties. If Republicans refuse to uphold their constitutional responsibility to con-sider the next Supreme Court nominee, I believe it will harm our constitu-tional system of government. If they succeed in deliberately holding open a seat on the Supreme Court for more than a year, they will be intentionally disabling the Court’s ability to fulfill its constitutional role, and Repub-licans will be harming the Supreme Court for more than a year. Justice Scalia once wrote that a Su-preme Court of just eight Justices risked the possibility the Court ‘‘will find itself unable to resolve the signifi-cant legal issue presented by the case.’’ The legal issues before the Supreme Court are significant, and the impor-tance of a single vote on the Court can-not be overstated. One vote on the Su-preme Court decided landmark cases concerning our campaign finance laws, clean water and air policies, marriage equality, and voting rights. Americans deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court. I have traveled all over my State. I have traveled all over this country. I have talked to Republicans and Demo-crats alike. What I know about my fel-low Americans that makes me so proud is that they show up for work and they do their jobs. Americans don’t have the luxury of telling their bosses that in-stead of doing their job, they would rather delay, delay, delay. If they did, they would probably be fired. The U.S. Senate shouldn’t tell the American people that we are not going to do our jobs; that we will delay, delay, delay. The stakes are too high. The American people actually expect us to show up for work and do our job. Let’s get to work, do the job the Amer-ican people sent us here to do. And we may want to reread our oath to uphold the Constitution. It requires no less. Mr. President, I don’t see others on the floor about to speak. I will yield the floor when I do. We have allowed this whole process to become far too partisan. I am a law-yer, a former prosecutor. I have argued cases in the State court, Federal courts, Federal trial courts, and Fed-eral appellate courts. When I have gone to the Federal courts, I have always thought that the beauty of this— whether Republican or Democratic nominees—is that I could get a fair hearing. I thought it was a great honor to go there. People come from other parts of the world, and they talk about our Federal judiciary as an example for them. I re-call that when a country that had been under dictatorship changed to a more democratic form of government, some of their people came to my office and asked about our judicial system. They said: Is it true that in the United States of America, people can actually sue their government? I said: That is true. It happens all the time. They said: Well, is it true that some-times the government loses? I said: It happens all the time. They said: Well, do you replace the judge when that happens? I said: No. They are independent. It was like a lightbulb went on. They realized how different we are. Think of the image we send to the rest of the world—as well as 300 million Ameri-cans—if we say: No, we are going to po-liticize the Supreme Court, the Court that is supposed to be the final arbiter on constitutional questions. Look at what it says to them if we say: Yes, we have time to take more recesses this year than I think the Senate ever has, that I can ever remember, but we don’t have time to do the job we were elected to do, the job we are paid to do—have a hearing on and vote on a Supreme Court nominee. The American people have jobs. They can’t pick and choose when they will bother to show up. They can’t say ‘‘I know this is what I am supposed to do in this job, but I don’t feel like it’’ or ‘‘I have a partisan reason not to do it. I am going to sit this out. See me next year, and I may do my job.’’ Nobody would accept that. But that is really what is happening. The Republican leadership is saying ‘‘No, we want to sit this out. We don’t want to do our work. We don’t want to do our job. See us next year, and maybe we will then.’’ That has never happened. It never hap-pened during an election year. There have been at least a dozen Supreme Court vacancies during an election year, and a dozen times the Senate, no matter who was President, came to-gether and handled the nominee and got them confirmed. Why did Senators do that in the past? Probably because they figured they had been elected, they were being paid by the American people, it was part of their job, and so they showed up and did their job. Are we now going to change what has been the precedent ever since the be-ginning of this country and say ‘‘Oh, we are better than that. We don’t have to do our job. Keep paying us, but we don’t have to do our job even though we have taken an oath to uphold the Constitution and do our job’’? Even Justice Scalia said that would be wrong, that you shouldn’t have an eight-member Supreme Court. And we don’t. Let’s actually show up and do the job we were elected to do, do the job we are paid to do. Let’s do what every other American has to do. They have to show up for work. They have to do their jobs. They can’t say ‘‘I don’t feel like it this year. I will see you next year. Oh, by the way, send me my paycheck.’’ That is not the American way; it should not be the Senate way. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.007 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S931 February 23, 2016 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise today first to praise and echo the words of the senior Senator from Vermont, our ranking member on Judi-ciary, in urging our Republican col-leagues to give a fair and full consider-ation of a Supreme Court nominee. I particularly wish to praise my friend, the ranking member, for his eloquent remarks and for his leadership of the committee when he was chair and as ranking member. My friend from Vermont is abso-lutely right. Just as the President has a constitutional responsibility to name a nominee to the Court, the Senate has a constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on that nominee. Frankly, it is the Senate’s job to consider Su-preme Court nominees, and the Amer-ican people expect the Senate to do its job. We are telling Senate Republicans, America is telling Senate Republicans: Do your job. Plain and simple. My friend, the chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee, should commit to holding hearings. The distinguished majority leader should commit to hold-ing a vote. It has been a longstanding precedent of the Senate to consider Su-preme Court nominees in a timely manner, even in election years: Justice Pitney in 1912; Brandeis and Clarke in 1916; Cardozo at a time when America was even more divided than now, 1932. In the middle of the Depression, the great election between Roosevelt and Hoover, they put in Cardozo in that last year. Murphy in 1940 and Kennedy in 1988 were confirmed. Justice Ken-nedy was confirmed in the last year of a Presidency with a Republican in the White House and Democrats in control of the Senate. That is the mirror image and the most recent chance we have to compare how Democrats were acting, how Republicans were acting. All of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who were here voted that way. I know today our Republican col-leagues point to what Senator B
IDEN said. They have pointed to what Chair-man L
EAHY said. They have pointed to what I and other Democrats have said. There are equal quotations that Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , Senator G RASSLEY , and others have said, each voicing a different view than maybe is being voiced today. But none of those were held up. You can have all the com-peting quotes you want; they amount to nothing. The American people are strong—Democrats and Republicans— in telling Senate Republicans: Do your job. The bottom line is very simple. To say that there will be no hearing, no vote, no consideration whatsoever even before a nominee is named to a va-cancy, that is not doing your job; that is quitting before you start. Senator L
EAHY said it well. Imagine someone showing up at work. Imagine if an av-erage American showed up at work and said: I am going to take a year off, but you still have to pay me. Your boss wouldn’t stand for it. Well, our boss, the American people, will not stand for this because it will take over 300 days before a Supreme Court nominee is filled, at best. The kind of knee-jerk political ob-struction the American people have grown so frustrated with in the Con-gress is what our Republican col-leagues are saying. If Republicans truly respect the Constitution, they should follow it and consider a nomina-tion from the sitting President rather than playing political games. Instead, they are once again threatening to bow to the most extreme rightwing voices and engage in the kind of political ob-struction that brought us a 3-week gov-ernment shutdown that cost us hun-dreds of thousands of jobs and took $15 to $20 billion out of the economy. In 2013, after the hard right didn’t get its way in its fight to undo the Afford-able Care Act, they waged a war to shut down the government. Republican leaders listened. They probably knew it was wrong in their heads, but they lis-tened. What happened? After 3 weeks with their tails between their legs, the leadership had to say we have to open up the government even though we haven’t repealed the Affordable Care Act. The now-junior Senator from Texas had urged that course, and they were foolhardy to follow. The junior Senator from Texas is now urging the course of having no hearings and no votes. I tell my Republican col-leagues—and to his credit, Senator MCCONNELL said we have to get the Senate working again—that this is a foolhardy course, and it will not stand. It will not last because the American people are telling Senate Republicans: Do your job. Republicans say the American people should have a voice in choosing a Su-preme Court Justice. Well, guess what. President Obama won reelection by a large margin in 2012. Many of the issues they bring up now were there then, such as security and the Afford-able Care Act. There was a referendum on all these kinds of things. The people spoke loudly and clearly on November 6, 2012, when they elected the President to another 4-year term. That is 4 years, as called for in the Constitution, not 3 years, as some of my Republican friends like to say now. If Republicans get their way, we would have a 4-to-4 gridlocked Supreme Court for a year that would tie the Court and large parts of the country in knots. Let me say, if we have a tie in the Supreme Court decision, the decision has no Presidential value. You get gridlock and confusion. America doesn’t want gridlock. They don’t want gridlock on the floor of the Senate, they don’t want gridlock on the floor of the House, and they don’t want gridlock in the Supreme Court. The American peo-ple expect the Senate to do its job. They are tired of obstruction and ‘‘my way or the highway’’ politics. Again I say that our friend, the jun-ior Senator from Texas, likes to quote the Constitution. He likes to walk around carrying the Constitution. That is great. I am all for that. I would like him to show me the lines in the Con-stitution that say in the last year of the President’s term, he doesn’t have the power or the right to nominate a Supreme Court Justice. Of course he does. Yet the Republican majority—at least by its stance now—is taking away that right because they will not even have a hearing. Some people say: Well, they will just vote no after the hearing. Maybe yes, maybe no. I believe every Member has the right to vote no if they think the nominee is out of the mainstream, and I will be the first to admit mainstream is defined differently by different peo-ple. But hearings are amazing things. If the candidate is being open and honest, hearings help us to get to know the candidate better. Whatever one thinks of hearings, the last four nominees of the Supreme Court—two under Presi-dent Bush, two under President Obama—got bipartisan votes and passed. This idea of not having a vote is wrong. For the sake of our Constitu-tion and for the sake of getting our country moving again, I urge and plead with my colleagues on the other side to do their job. That is what the Amer-ican people want, plain and simple. It is time for the Senate to do its job. Once the President nominates some-one, we need to have hearings with our Republican colleagues in a careful and thoughtful way. They don’t have to rush a nominee through—no dilatory tactics—and then there should be a vote. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA AND  
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Feb-ruary 13 the Nation was shaken by the news that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia had passed away. Jus-tice Scalia served on the Nation’s high-est Court for 29 years, and he was a major figure on the American legal landscape. Justice Scalia was described by Judge Richard Posner of the Sev-enth Circuit as ‘‘the most influential justice of the last quarter century.’’ Over the years I came to know Jus-tice Scalia. He was a man of great in-tellect, good humor, and he was a very social person. We certainly disagreed on many fundamental issues, but even those who disagreed with Justice Scalia on legal matters still admired him as a person. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg—no ide-ological ally of Justice Scalia—wrote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.009 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES932 February 23, 2016 
after his death, ‘‘we were best bud-dies.’’ She described him as ‘‘a jurist of captivating brilliance and wit, with a rare talent to make even the most sober judge laugh.’’ Justice Ginsberg said she and Justice Scalia were ‘‘dif-ferent in our interpretation of written texts,’’ but they were ‘‘one in our rev-erence for the Constitution and the in-stitution we serve.’’ I have great re-spect for the decades Justice Scalia spent in public service. My thoughts and prayers clearly go with his family. As surprised as I was by the news of Justice Scalia’s passing, I was amazed at how quickly the Senate majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL of Ken-tucky, issued a press release saying, ‘‘this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new President.’’ His state-ment came out within 90 minutes of the press report of the Justice passing. This statement clearly came at a time when most people reflected on the loss of the Supreme Court Justice, and just like that, the conversation shifted from the passing of an American legal giant to an attack on President Obama’s authority to fill his vacancy on the Supreme Court. What does the Constitution tell us about filling a vacancy on the Supreme Court? There are very few oaths a per-son takes in their life. As Members of the Senate, we swear each time we are reelected to a new term to uphold and defend that Constitution. What does the Constitution say about a vacancy on the Supreme Court? If you go to article II, section 2, it is explicit and very simple. The President ‘‘shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . Judges of the Supreme Court.’’ The President, under the Constitu-tion, has an express responsibility to submit to the Senate the nomination of a person who is qualified to serve on our Nation’s highest Court. Then, of course, the Senate has a job to do: Give that nominee a fair hearing and a time-ly vote. This is our constitutional re-sponsibility as U.S. Senators. This is what we have been elected to do. Aside from voting on a declaration of war, I believe there is no greater responsi-bility than voting on the confirmation of a Supreme Court nominee. I serve on the Judiciary Committee, and it has been my privilege and honor to consider the nominations of four of the current Supreme Court Justices. There is no question that we have the time remaining to meet our constitu-tional responsibility in a thoughtful and careful way. It is now February of 2016. We are al-most a year away from January of 2017 when President Obama will officially leave office. The Republican leader would have us leave a seat on the Na-tion’s highest Court vacant for at least 1 year. Not since the Civil War has the Senate taken longer than a year to fill a Supreme Court vacancy, and it cer-tainly shouldn’t happen now. Usually it takes the Senate about 2 months to consider a Supreme Court nominee. Senator LEAHY , the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee said that on average it takes about 67 days. So we have more than enough time to do this in a thoughtful and re-sponsible way. Even during Presidential election years, the Senate has routinely con-firmed Supreme Court Justices. It has happened over a dozen times, most re-cently in 1988, when Justice Anthony Kennedy was confirmed by a 97-to-0 vote during President Reagan’s final year in office. President Reagan—a Re-publican President about to leave of-fice—submitted a name, Justice Ken-nedy, to the Supreme Court, and a Democratic-controlled Senate ap-proved it with a vote of 97 to nothing. So to argue that this has never hap-pened before is to ignore history, and even recent history. In the past, Senate Republican lead-ers have said that the confirmation process should move forward with as little time as a month before an elec-tion. Consider the Presidential election of 1968. On June 13 of that year, Chief Justice Earl Warren informed the President he wanted to step down. On June 26 of the election year, Johnson nominated Associate Justice Abe Fortas to become Chief Justice and nominated George Homer Thornberry to fill his seat. President Johnson had already an-nounced he would not run again, but Senate Republican leaders did not call President Johnson a lame duck and question his right to put forward nomi-nees. In fact, Senate Republican leader Everett Dirksen of my State of Illinois said on July 13 of that year, ‘‘I find that term ‘lame duck’ as applied to the President of the United States as an entirely improper and offensive term.’’ Republican Senator Dirksen was refer-ring to the lame duck status of Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson, a Democrat. The Senate gave the President’s nominee a prompt hearing in the Judi-ciary Committee. As it turned out, the hearing uncovered a range of ethics concerns about Justice Fortas, and in late September and early October, Sen-ate Republicans filibustered his nomi-nation. Fortas subsequently withdrew. But on October 3—same election year, just a month before the election—the New York Times reported that ‘‘Sen-ator Dirksen said there was still time for the President to submit a new name and rush it through the Senate before the Congress adjourned.’’ The Repub-lican leader said that even with a month left, we should try to fill the va-cant seat. This was a month before the Presidential election. Where are the leaders like Everett Dirksen in today’s Republican Party, Senators who are willing to roll up their sleeves and get down to the work of considering the nominees on their merits so the Su-preme Court can do its work? We have a constitutional responsibility, as does the President. Make no mistake—the Supreme Court needs a full complement of Jus-tices on the bench. When the Court has an even number, as it does today, four to four, important cases are increas-ingly likely to end up in a tie vote. When that happens in a case, the ruling of the lower court stands and it is as if the Supreme Court never heard the case at all. Major legal and constitutional ques-tions are constantly brought before the Court. When the Court is frozen at an even number of Justices, many of those questions go unresolved and millions of Americans who are impacted by these questions have to wait. That is not fair to the American people. That is why historically the Senate moved to fill vacancies of the Court. That is why so many Americans are troubled by Sen-ate Republicans’ call for a 1-year hia-tus in filling the Supreme Court va-cancy. Former Justice Sandra Day O’Connor said in an interview last week that she disagreed with the idea of waiting for the next President to appoint a new Justice. Justice O’Connor said, ‘‘We need somebody there now to do the job. Let’s get on with it.’’ I agree with Jus-tice O’Connor. When President Obama submits a nominee, which he will do in coming days, the Senate needs to do its job, its constitutional responsibility, and give that nominee a fair hearing and timely vote. My Republican colleagues can choose to vote for or against the nomi-nee. That is their prerogative. They should not simply duck the vote. We were not elected to this job to ignore important issues; we were elected to cast votes on important issues. This is too important an issue to simply ig-nore. When it comes to giving the Presi-dent’s nominee a fair hearing, I cer-tainly hope Senate Republicans don’t adopt the Donald Trump position. When asked about the President’s nom-ination, Mr. Trump, as he is wont to do, gave us a juicy quote. Here is what he said: ‘‘I think it’s up to M
ITCH M
CCONNELL and everybody else to stop it—it’s called delay, delay, delay.’’ I am sure the Senate Republicans were not happy with that statement by Trump, but he did speak for a number of people who believe that is the right strategy: stop the President from using his constitutional authority; stop the Senate from accepting its constitu-tional responsibility. I hope my Repub-lican colleagues don’t follow Mr. Trump’s lead and try to stop President Obama’s nominee through endless delays. No one is going to be fooled if Senate Republicans spend weeks hag-gling over unreasonable document re-quests or swamping the nominee with endless written questions. Mr. Trump has already made it clear that ‘‘delay, delay, delay’’ is simply a strategy to stop the seat from being filled. If Republicans delay in an effort to run out the clock, we will know it, and the American people will know it. The American people want us to act. They want us to accept our constitutional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.011 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S933 February 23, 2016 
responsibility. It is time for us to get down to work and do our job. The Sen-ate can’t afford to sit on its hands for 1 year and leave the Supreme Court hanging in the balance. When President Obama names a nominee, I urge my Republican col-leagues to give that person a fair hear-ing and timely vote. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING CHAIR. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to express my seri-ous concerns with the FDA’s actions on opioid pain relievers and my concern that they have not sufficiently ad-dressed what we are seeing as an epi-demic in my home State of New Hamp-shire. The implications of prescribing opioids and ensuring that we take a very strong public health approach to-ward these pain relievers is important. I know my that my colleagues—Sen-ators M
ARKEY , M ANCHIN , and B
LUMENTHAL —have been on the floor previously to discuss the concerns they share about the FDA as well. I thank them for their leadership on this im-portant issue. I think what is important to under-stand here is what we are facing when it comes to heroin, the drug deaths that are occurring in my home State of New Hampshire, the connection be-tween people who are misusing pre-scription opioids and then becoming addicted to heroin, and the deadly use of a drug called fentanyl, which is 50 times more powerful than heroin. When we bring this all together, we have a situation with opioid abuse which in-cludes painkiller abuse, heroin use, fentanyl abuse, and it is killing people in New Hampshire and across this country. Across this country, approximately 30,000 people died of heroin or prescrip-tion opioid overdoses in 2014. As we come to receive the 2015 numbers, un-fortunately, if the experience is any-thing like my home State of New Hampshire, the numbers are going to be much larger than 30,000 because in New Hampshire, every corner of my State has been impacted by this. I had the privilege of serving as at-torney general before I came to the Senate, and I dealt with many drug issues as attorney general. In fact, I had a drug task force that reported to me. We dealt with the surge of meth-amphetamine, cocaine, and other ille-gal drugs that certainly have caused addiction and people to struggle with addiction. Obviously, alcohol is also something people struggle with when it is misused, but I have never seen any-thing like this. I talk to my law enforcement officers and I talk to my first responders about what they are dealing with. In 2015, in New Hampshire, we had over 400 over-dose deaths, and those 400 deaths were situations where there was a combina-tion—many of them, hundreds of them—of heroin and/or fentanyl. And that was a dramatic increase over 2014. In 2014, we had 320 deaths. And by the way, that is a 60-percent increase from the year before. Unfortunately, this is not stopping. It is the single most important public health and safety issue facing the State of New Hampshire right now, but I know New Hampshire is not alone. Certainly working with my colleague ROBPORTMAN from Ohio, I know this is hitting Ohio. Working with S
HELDON  W
HITEHOUSE from Rhode Island, I know this is hitting Rhode Island. A
MYKLO-
BUCHAR from Minnesota—this is hitting so many different places in our coun-try. That is why I know Senator M
AR-
KEY from Massachusetts is concerned about this and Senator M
ANCHIN from West Virginia, who was on the floor earlier. This is about our quality of life in this country and the ability for peo-ple to live full lives and about our pub-lic safety and about our children most of all. The headline from the Union Leader over this weekend: ‘‘Fentanyl, other drugs suspected in three Manchester deaths.’’ So we had three deaths in New Hampshire, in our largest city, within 24 hours, and those three deaths were from a combination of heroin and fentanyl. According to Assistant Fire Chief Daniel Goonan, in just 24 hours in Manchester, these overdoses claimed the lives of a 23-year-old man, a 29- year-old woman, and a 34-year-old man. That was in just a 24-hour period. In fact, what our first responders are seeing—I did a ride-along with the Manchester fire department. I was there less than an hour. We went to an overdose, and I saw the firefighters and their emergency personnel bring some-one back to life using CPR and Narcan. If we did not have that drug, the over 400 we had in New Hampshire—I can’t even tell you what the numbers would be, because not only did I do a ride- along with the Manchester fire depart-ment, I did one with the police, too, and we went to two overdoses in an hour and a half, and I saw them bring those individuals back to life. But lest we think this is something that happens on some other street or in some other neighborhood, I can assure you that this can happen to any fam-ily, and that is something we need to understand. That was really brought home for me from a wonderful family I met, Doug and Pam Griffin, who lost their beautiful daughter Courtney. They are wonderful people. I think about what our first respond-ers are facing. This same article I just talked about, over the weekend—unbe-lievable. Twice the fire department in Manchester revived a woman who was 4 months pregnant, working on her in front of her young children. I will never forget the overdose I went to. The firefighters came into the room, and there was a young man on the ground. They administered the Narcan and brought him back. But do you know what was in the corner? A crib with a baby in it. The firefighter grabbed the baby and was bringing the baby over. The father was lying on the ground. So this is having a tremendous im-pact on not only those who are strug-gling with addiction but also their fam-ilies and the children around them and the future generations. In this article, the assistant fire chief from Manchester basically said: It is more deadly than we have ever seen. So that is why I have been proud to work with my colleagues, proud to work with Senators WHITEHOUSE , P
ORTMAN , K LOBUCHAR , and so many others on the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act. I thank the members of the Judiciary Committee for voting that important piece of legislation out of the committee, and I look forward to us taking that up on the floor. Right now pending on the floor, we have an important nomination for the FDA. That is why I come to the floor today, because if you look at what we are addressing here, we are concerned about heroin and fentanyl, but there is a very important connection for us to understand, unfortunately, and it is also why I have been such a strong sup-porter of prescription-monitoring pro-grams. The opiates that are pre-scribed—SAMHSA has found that four out of five individuals who turned to heroin actually started with prescrip-tion opiates and misusing prescription opiates or overusing those and then transitioning to heroin because heroin is cheaper, unfortunately, on our streets. So it is very important that we have the FDA engaging on this issue very aggressively with our medical commu-nity, that the FDA take a prominent role in ensuring that what they are saying is, this is the appropriate use of prescription opiates. In my humble opinion, the FDA needs to take a much more aggressive role than it has in rec-ommending the appropriate uses and engaging the medical community and the pharmaceutical community, very importantly, on this discussion, this public health crisis we are facing. We have come together as a body on this issue, and I think it is important that we have been working on this in a very bipartisan basis. But just to talk about the importance of the FDA and the leadership we need there, in 2013 we saw the FDA approve Zohydro—a pow-erful, pure hydrocodone drug—without an abuse-deterrent formulation, and an abuse-deterrent formulation is impor-tant so that it will be used for its in-tended purpose and not chopped up or otherwise abused. Yet the FDA ap-proves Zohydro—this powerful, pure hydrocodone drug—without an abuse- deterrent formulation despite the fact that its own advisory committee voted against approving the drug by a vote of 11 to 2. I see Senator M
ARKEY coming to the floor, and I appreciate his leadership on this. One of the things that I know have troubled Senator M
ARKEY , Sen-ator M
ANCHIN , and me as well is that last year the FDA approved OxyContin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.012 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES934 February 23, 2016 
for use by children as young as 11, and when they did that, they did not have an advisory committee or use an advi-sory committee before taking that step. So I would say that I certainly appre-ciate that I had the opportunity to sit down with Secretary Burwell on this issue and learn more about the FDA’s action plan that it issued, but unfortu-nately I believe the agency has to go further than it is going. The example I would use is the issuance of the rec-ommendations for the children as young as 11 with OxyContin, without an advisory committee on something so important, seems—to me, it just doesn’t pass the commonsense test. So I would recommend to the FDA, let’s make sure we have an advisory com-mittee look at this issue carefully and then reissue a recommendation, be-cause to me it seems important that we have that guidance and the careful, thoughtful approach of the advisory committee. Of course, what troubles me is we hope they would take the ad-visory committee’s recommendations, unlike what happened with Zohydro, unfortunately. So we need leadership right now in the FDA. I have concerns that we are not going to be in a position where we get the strongest leadership we can have. We have a nominee pending on the floor. These concerns are very im-portant. I hope, if he is confirmed, he will be aggressive on this issue and that the FDA will take a stronger lead-ership role on opiates, understanding that they have a very important role when it comes to this public health concern. Right now I am not satisfied with where we are. I believe there is so much more we need to do. That is actu-ally why yesterday I voted to not go forward with this nomination, because I haven’t heard this clear statement, I haven’t heard what the leadership plans are on this issue. While I appreciate some of the steps the Department of Health and Human Services has taken, those steps to me need to be very much strengthened. As I look at the FDA’s action plan, it pledges to make the use of advisory committees more frequent, but it should require the use of advisory com-mittees for all opioid pain relievers, not just when we decide we want to use it. This should be consistent, given that we unfortunately know that the data is there on the connection be-tween misuse of opioid pain relievers and the connection to those who unfor-tunately then turn to heroin, with the deadly combination of fentanyl, which is killing people in this country. Again, I wish to thank Senator M
AR-
KEY for his leadership on this issue. There isn’t a place I go in my State where I don’t hear from a mother, a fa-ther, a sister, a brother, a grand-mother, a grandfather, a friend about someone who lost a loved one, lost someone they care about, because of heroin, opioids, fentanyl, the deadly combination that is killing people. We have an opportunity, not only with the important work in the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act to add more resources to address pre-vention, treatment, and support for our first responders but also the FDA has a very important role, and we need stronger leadership there and greater engagement of our medical community on the best prescribing practices for opioids. To me, this is an opportunity where I would like to see stronger lead-ership and I would like to hear a much more aggressive stance from this FDA. Of all the issues we struggle with, the things we disagree on in this body— heroin, fentanyl, they don’t care whether you are a Republican or a Democrat, I can assure my colleagues, or an Independent or a Libertarian be-cause these drugs are taking every-one’s lives. So as I think about all the issues we can come together on, this is one about our public health, about our public safety, about our quality of life, and it requires all of our leadership. There is nothing partisan about this. I hope we will see stronger leadership from the FDA. I hope we as a body will build on what the Judiciary Committee did and bring to the floor the CARA bill that many of us have worked hard on and support each other’s efforts to do all we can to end this public health crisis and ensure that none of us have to run into families of people in our State whom we represent who are los-ing people they love to heroin or fentanyl or misuse of opioid prescrip-tion drugs. This is devastating. I know we can make a difference. This is something we can make a difference on in this body. I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I want to follow on with the discussion that Senator AYOTTE from New Hampshire was bringing to the Senate floor. What she is saying is just so accurate in terms of the pervasive nature of this opioid-driven epidemic—pandemic—in the United States of America. It is time for us to come together in a bipar-tisan fashion to deal with what is now the great medical storm sweeping across this country. There has been a quadrupling of opioid-related deaths in just the last 14 years in our country. This is something that has to be understood. I heard Sen-ator A
YOTTE mention it, but we can’t say it enough: 80 percent of all people in the United States who die from her-oin overdoses begin with prescription painkillers—opioids—that have been given to them by physicians. Let me say that again. Eighty percent of the people who die from heroin overdoses started on prescription pills. They got addicted to the prescription painkiller. It deals with the same receptors in the brain. It creates the same kind of need in the brain, and when people get ad-dicted to prescription pain medicine, it is ultimately a very short to a product which is much less expensive—heroin— on the streets of the United States. This epidemic has to be dealt with and it has to be dealt with where it starts and it starts at the FDA. It starts at the Food and Drug Adminis-tration. It starts with the agency that approves these drugs for sale in the United States of America. Yes, the FDA stands for Food and Drug Administration, but over the last 20 years it really stands for ‘‘Fostering Drug Addiction,’’ and it has to end. This is why the nomination right now of Dr. Robert Califf to be the new head of the FDA gives us an opportunity to talk about this issue, to talk about where it all starts, how it began, and what we are going to have to do in this body to reverse this trend, which last year led to the deaths of 30,000 people in our country. Again, I say to my col-leagues that between 2000 and 2014, the heroin overdose death rate has quad-rupled in the United States of America. This is something that is recent. It is related to the FDA, and we have to now have an honest discussion about the role that agency is playing because we have become the ‘‘United States of Oxy.’’ We have become a nation of 5 percent of the world’s population that consumes 80 percent of the prescription painkillers in the world. This overprescribing, this consump-tion of Oxy and Percocet, down the line has led to this epidemic, this contagion that is killing people on a daily basis in our country who otherwise would never have even contemplated using heroin or using any of these other more dangerous drugs. That is why we are here. That is why I am recommending a ‘‘no’’ vote on Dr. Robert Califf. The FDA has a chance to change its policies. Thus far, it is saying it will not change its policies. In 2012, health care providers wrote 259 million prescriptions for opioid painkillers. That is enough for every single adult in America to have a bot-tle of these pills in their medicine cabi-net. We should understand as we talk about this that the molecular composi-tion of OxyContin is very similar to heroin. In fact, Oxycodone is the sole ingredient in OxyContin. OxyContin stands for oxycodone continuously in the bloodstream of the patient who is taking these pills. It creates this sense that you are able to deal with the pain. It creates this sense that you are being taken care of, but if it is not handled correctly over time, it then creates an addiction, and that addiction then leads to, once you are off these pills, to being out on the street buying the her-oin or buying the Oxy you need in order to continue this habit. So we have to start to deal with the issue very realistically in terms of this pathway that has been created into the minds of millions of people all across this country. Thirteen hundred people died in Mas-sachusetts in 2014, of the 30,000 people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.013 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S935 February 23, 2016 
in our country, as a result of this issue. We have the FDA, going back to the year 1996, accepting the misrepresenta-tion of the pharmaceutical company Purdue, which represented to the FDA that OxyContin, in its original formu-lation, was abuse deterrent, meaning that since it was time-released inside of the patient, that, therefore, it was abuse deterrent and it could be pre-scribed safely to people all across our country. Well, it turned out that not only was that a misrepresentation to the FDA, but Purdue Pharma subse-quently was fined millions of dollars and its executives punished for the misrepresentation they made to the Food and Drug Administration. That was a brief 20 years ago, but that is pretty much where it all start-ed. That is the original sin—accepting this whole notion of abuse deterrent. Let’s go to the FDA in more recent times. In 2012, there was a new opioid that the FDA had to consider for ap-proval. That new opioid’s name is Zohydro. The FDA impaneled 13 ex-perts to examine that drug for the FDA. When those 13 experts concluded their examination of the drug by an 11- to-2 vote, the expert advisory panel voted, no, do not allow this new Zohydro drug out on to the market-place. They said the standards for abuse are too low. The standards to deal with addiction are too low. The standards to deal with a diversion of the drug are too low. What did the FDA do in 2012? It approved Zohydro for sale in the United States over the objec-tions of the advisory panel that had voted 11 to 2 against it—and these are experts. Moving forward, the FDA decided to reexamine what it was going to do. So when it was considering Targiniq, when it was considering Hysinla, it decided to solve the problem by having no ex-pert advisory panels which it would convene to examine the impacts of that drug before it got approved. That is a good way to solve the problem—just accept the representations of the com-pany that it had abuse deterrent in it, and then you don’t have to worry be-cause you will not have to talk to ex-perts on the outside again. So those two drugs got approved. Then, in August of 2015, there was an application by Purdue Pharma, once again—that company’s name just keeps coming back into the equation—they wanted approval to sell OxyContin to children ages 11 to 16. Now mind you, the actual standards at the FDA re-quire an outside expert panel to look at approval for opioids being sold in America if it is controversial, if it could have a huge social impact in our society. And it specifically says in the FDA’s own guidelines that if pediatric doses—if the proper dose for a child is involved—then the FDA should have an expert panel. What did the FDA do? The FDA decided no expert panel would examine the appropriateness of OxyContin being prescribed for chil-dren ages 11 to 16 in our country—no expert advisory panel, which brings us to the nomination of Dr. Robert Califf. We are now in a process where we are examining his nomination and his qualifications. This Senator leaves aside his own personal qualifications. This is not a debate, really, over Dr. Califf. It is a debate over the agency because the agency is saying—even today as we will be voting on Dr. Califf’s nomination—they will not change. They will not convene expert outside advisory panels to look at this new generation of opioids with abuse deterrents built into them to deter-mine whether or not they are actually appropriately being put into our soci-ety. Today is the day to begin this debate. This nomination is the occasion that we can use in order to debate what has gone wrong at the Food and Drug Ad-ministration. If we don’t start with a brandnew definition that gets created for abuse, for addiction, for what the standards should be for the use of these opioids, then this issue is just going to escalate until we are losing a Vietnam war’s number of people every single year in the United States. This is a pharmaceutical industry- created problem. This is a physician- created problem. This is an FDA-cre-ated problem. It is created by men and women, and it can be solved by men and women. This is not Zika, this is not Ebola, and this is not some disease that you can’t really point to that is responsible. This is us, this is our coun-try, and this is our culture. We did it. We created this problem. We are 5 per-cent of the world’s population con-suming 80 percent of all opioids—crazy. Really, it is crazy. We have to finally come to the rec-ognition that this is no longer some inner city heroin epidemic. This dis-ease knows no barrier—racial, income, geography, employment—no barriers at all. It is spread across every single seg-ment of the American population, top to bottom. There is no discrimination whatsoever. We have to decide what we are going to do in order to make sure that we put the proper safeguards in place. Senator M
ANCHIN and I, Senators A YOTTE , S
ANDERS , B LUMENTHAL , and others have been raising these questions. To the credit of the Senate Judiciary Committee, they are considering legis-lation to bring to the floor. I thank Senators W
HITEHOUSE , PORTMAN , SHA-
HEEN , AYOTTE , and Senators G RASSLEY  and L
EAHY for their work on that legis-lation, but that legislation does not conclude anything on this issue that I am talking about right now. This has to be solved by the FDA. That is why this Senator has put a hold on this nomination, saying that they will not get this nomination until they change their policies. We are in the eighth year of this administration, and the policies still remain in place. Abuse deterrent is really a contradic-tion in terms. If you take these pills— you are a carpenter or an ironworker, and you have a bad back—you start taking these OxyContin pills right now, and you take them as they are prescribed, and you keep going month after month after month. You are in-creasing the likelihood on a daily basis that you are going to become addicted to these pills. We have heard these stories over and over again about the pathway in from family members. They come into the office and talk about the pathway in that their child, husband, or son took. It all starts with the same story. They were given the prescribed pills. Right now the industry is saying: Don’t worry; there is an abuse deter-rent. Tell that to these family mem-bers. Tell that to the families who have lost their loved ones. The drugs are not abuse deterrent. It is a contradiction in terms, like jumbo shrimp. There is no such thing. You need to be realistic about what this drug represents once it is consumed over and over again by people in our country who think that because the doctor has given them a bottle of pills, that is going to help them. That is one of the stories we hear over and over again from family members. They say that they question them-selves. Could they have done more themselves to help their family mem-ber before they became addicted? The common theme from each of them is that you have to assume, when a doc-tor is giving you a bottle of pills for your family member, that it must be good for them. It must be good for them. It turns out that for 30,000 people in 2014, it wasn’t good for them. This number is going to continue to escalate because we haven’t put tough enough standards on the books in order to deal with these issues. By refusing to con-vene expert advisory boards to come in and to create the guidance which is going to be needed in our country going forward, we are going to have a continued flood of opioid deaths that could have been stemmed if we had dealt with this issue in the proper fash-ion. This is not a hypothetical concern. The policy announced last week by the FDA would not have guaranteed an ad-visory panel for OxyContin on the mar-ket today. The FDA must change its decision not to seek expert advice against the risk of addiction before it approves any and all opioids. I want to tell a little story. It is a story about one of maybe the five greatest basketball players ever to come out of the State of Massachu-setts. His name is Chris Herren. Chris became a Boston Celtic. He was the greatest basketball player in Fall River history, was drafted in the first round by the NBA, and went to the same college I went to—Boston Col-lege. In an excerpt of remarks he re-cently made in DC at the Unite to Face Addiction rally on the National Mall, here is what Chris Herren said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.015 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES936 February 23, 2016 
I truly believe when it comes to prevention and educating our kids, we need to stop fo-cusing on the worst days and start educating about the first day. At 18 years old, on the campus of Boston College I was introduced to cocaine. I prom-ised myself one time—just one line. That one line took me 14 years to walk away from. Despite myself at 22, my dream came true. I was 33rd pick in the NBA draft, but that same year I was introduced to a little yellow pill—a 40 milligram OxyContin that cost a 20 dollar bill. That 40 milligrams turned into 1600 milligrams a day. And that 20 dollars be-came a $20,000-a-month Oxy habit. And just 2 years later, that pill turned into a needle and that needle stayed in my arm for the next 8 years. I often say if you can’t find it in your heart to have empathy for someone who is battling their illness, then you must know that he or she has a mother, father, son or daughter that is at home with a broken heart that wants them back. Just one pill, lives im-pacted, some recover and many are lost. 
Another story—Kaitlyn Oberle from Scituate, MA. Here is what she says: 
I have survived a fatal opiate overdose, yet I never abused opiates. On November 13, 2015 I spoke to my 27- year-old brother for the last time. Less than 30 minutes after our final conversation, he passed away from an opiate overdose. He was only 16 years old when he first en-countered the demon that consumed the bet-ter part of his adult life; sadly, that same demon ultimately killed him. Injuries from a dirt bike accident left him with two broken arms, a knee injury, and what felt like an unending supply of prescription opiate pain-killers. After his bones mended, he was left with an untreated gaping open wound that would never fully heal itself: an opiate addic-tion. During my brother’s recovery he painted a picture for me of how easy it was for him as a high school teenager and student athlete to call his doctor and request refills for his pain pill prescriptions. When he no longer had injuries to substantiate a prescription, he turned to illegal forms of opiates in both pill and intravenous form. Unfortunately, the damage to his brain had been done. There are many facets to what may cause someone to become addicted to opiates, and there are equally as many angles of attack before there is substantial progress to a via-ble solution. Mr. Senator, I am writing to you because I am a survivor. I’ve lived through my worst fear by knowing I can be a voice in helping prevent future deaths caused by opiate addiction. As you convene to debate the fitness of Dr. Robert Califf’s nomination for head of the Food and Drug Administration, please ask the Senate to reflect on his time as deputy commissioner. 
As second in power at the FDA, he has had a chance to do something about these issues. It is time for a change in culture at that agency. A third letter—final letter written by Stephen Jesi, from Malden, MA: 
I am writing to you as a longtime Maldonian and a father of a 33-year-old daughter Stephenie who passed away on De-cember 13, 2015 of a heroin overdose. Stephenie overdosed on Thursday, two days prior to her death and was released by the hospital at 11:39 p.m. on to the streets. We’ve experienced this first hand many times. Thank God for Chief Campanello of the Gloucester Police Department who picked up the phone, talked to us, talked to Stephenie, and assisted us in every way he could to get her into treatment. Everybody else just said sorry, there is nothing we can do. I believe that our medical community along with the pharmaceutical industry are grooming and developing drug addicts and putting them right into the hands of the car-tels and the drug dealers. Way too many pre-scriptions are written for more narcotics than are necessary after surgeries with no follow up. Many of those who are predisposed to addiction, either by genetics or co-exist-ing mental health issues, are easy prey for these drugs that begin as legally prescribed. Once they are addicted and can no longer af-ford the medically prescribed version of the medication they fall into illegal drugs and from there too often the addiction has taken control of their lives. The pharmaceutical industry along with our medical community has to prescribe these highly addictive narcotics much more carefully and offer less addictive medication whenever possible. Most patients take these narcotics for just a couple of days after the surgery but are provided a much longer sup-ply where they can easily fall into the hands of the addict. Our legislators and govern-ment officials cannot be tied to the desires of the pharmaceutical lobbyists. This is the cry that is coming out from every community in America. In-dividuals are saying: How did this hap-pen to my family? How could that acci-dent with the broken leg or the back pain turn into an opioid overdose? How could it have happened? Well, it hap-pened because the medical community and the pharmaceutical industry have not put the protections in place for us to be able to deal with it. Let me give you this number. This is a crazy number. It is a crazy number. Over the last 15, 20 years, there has been a dramatic increase in the number of prescription opioid pills that have been allowed to be sold in America. So I am just going to ask people who are listening to this, pick a number. How many 10 milligram prescription opioids were allowed to be made in America last year? Just pick a number. We have 300 million people in America. How many of these pills were allowed or given the permission to be made by pharmaceutical companies? Here is the answer—14 billion. May I say that again—14 billion opioid pills for our country. The numbers are out of control. The overprescribing is out of control. We have to find a way to dramatically re-duce the amount of drugs that are being sold legally in our country. Be-fore we even reach illegal, you have to start with legal. That is the problem because the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration, the agency responsible for deciding how much each pharma-ceutical company can manufacture each year, doesn’t even announce how much each company is given permis-sion to manufacture; instead they just announce the gross number of total opioid materials that can be put into pills in our country each year. Does anyone understand this in America, that that is the process? The FDA allows the company to sell it. Then it goes over to the DEA. Then the DEA picks a number of pills that can be sold, and then physicians are al-lowed to prescribe these pills, but this is the FDA’s own number. Listen to this. The FDA asks for vol-untary guidelines to be put together for physicians’ education so they know what they are doing with these opioids. Pick a number in your brain as to how many physicians have voluntarily ac-cepted medical education on the con-sequences of prescribing opioids. Pick a number. Here is the correct answer: 10 percent of physicians. That is it. On something that is so cata-strophic, something that is creating an epidemic in our country, you would think this would be mandatory; that the medical associations at the State level, the national level had created some kind of mandatory education. It hasn’t happened. Is it mandatory in medical schools across America that they receive edu-cation as to what the consequences are of prescribing opioids? Not at all. So who would think a physician would have to be trained in how to handle pain? I mean, a physician is only dealing with the issue all day long, every single day. You would think there would be some under-standing then of what the con-sequences were of the medicines they were prescribing. No courses in medical school are mandated. No courses are mandated after you have graduated, you are practicing medicine, and now you are licensed by the DEA to pre-scribe opiates—no courses. So as we move forward on the legisla-tion that is going to be coming out on the floor of the Senate, I intend to make an amendment—Senator B
LUMENTHAL and I tried to make it in the Judiciary Committee, and we are going to be making it on the Senate floor—requiring the Drug Enforcement Administration to require mandatory education for any physician who wants to prescribe these drugs. That is the minimum, the minimum that the med-ical profession should have to accept as a responsibility before they are allowed to prescribe these drugs. There is another amendment which I am working on with Senator P
AUL of Kentucky, and that is an amendment that is going to increase access to medication that can help people deal with their addictions. Again, that is a classic example of a Democrat and Re-publican working together on these issues. Senator A
YOTTE and I have an amendment that would create a Good Samaritan protection for any Amer-ican, any family member who wants to apply Narcan to a family member or someone who has overdosed and would die in the absence of Narcan, the anti-dote, being applied to them. Senator A
YOTTE and I are working on that amendment. We are trying hard to find ways where, unfortunately, legislatively we can act. This should have happened at the agencies. This should have hap-pened in the medical profession. We shouldn’t be forced to debate this on the Senate floor, but it is absolutely, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.016 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S937 February 23, 2016 
indispensably necessary for us to take this action. This is the epidemic of our time. The death rates now in the age group that is affected by this epidemic are now de-clining at the same rates as they did during the war in Vietnam. We haven’t seen anything like this since the war in Vietnam in the death rates—30,000 peo-ple—quadrupling in 14 years, escalating on a daily basis. It is time for the Sen-ate to take real action on this issue so we can deal with it. In Boston, MA, we had a police chief who saw that something had gone wrong, Chief Campanello. He said that incarceration doesn’t work and instead treatment should be substituted. So be-ginning last June, what Chief Campanello said in Gloucester, MA, was that if you come in and you are an addict, you have a problem, you come into the police station, bring your drugs with you, we are not going to ar-rest you, we are going to put you into treatment immediately—no arrests. Four hundred people have walked into that police station in Gloucester, MA, in just 8 months—400 people. By shift-ing the paradigm from arrests to treat-ment, 800 more people—800 total across the country—as city after city, town after town adopts this model, have now accepted that as a better route for them in their lives, to just turn them-selves in at the local police stations. He has partnered with a man named John Rosenthal. John Rosenthal is an activist in our State, and he helps to fund this program. Last Wednesday night, tragically, John Rosenthal’s own nephew, Nathan Huggins-Rosen-thal, age 34, died of an overdose in Cal-gary, Canada. My heart goes out to the Rosenthal family because obviously they were committed to dealing with this issue, pioneering ways to have ad-dicts be able to have a place they can go. Yet in John Rosenthal’s own fam-ily, his nephew overdosed just last Wednesday night. As Senator A
YOTTE was saying, there is no neighborhood immunity. There is no family who is completely protected. This epidemic has been created by pharmaceutical companies, by physi-cians, by the agencies responsible to deal with it, and it is now time for us to put in place the protections which are needed to deal with it. Let me give you opioids 101 so you can understand how we get to this— what are opioids, how do they work, and why do they lead to heroin abuse. Here is how it works. It starts with a seed pod of the opium poppy. We get the morphine, a naturally occurring opiate pain reliever from that pod seed. The morphine interacts with so-called opioid receptors that are found in high concentrations in areas of the brain that control pain and emotions. Taking opiates can increase the levels of dopamine in the brain’s reward areas and produce euphoria or a rush of pain relief and relaxation. In fact, mor-phine, which was first identified in the early 1800s is named after Morpheus, the Greek god of dreams. In 1895, the Bayer Corporation, Bayer Aspirin—the Bayer Corporation in Ger-many introduced a new cough suppres-sant marketed as a safer alternative to morphine. This new wonder drug was called heroin. In the 1920s, drug manu-facturers began making fully synthetic analogs to morphine. They were called opioids. These drugs contain the same basic chemical framework as mor-phine, and they have exactly the same mechanism of action in the brain. They share common chemical features that allow them to buy into the brain’s opioid receptors, and they all are con-sidered highly addictive. These drugs vary widely in potency. That is the amount of the drug required to reach the same level of pain relief and seda-tion as morphine. OxyContin, for example, is 150 per-cent as strong as morphine. Heroin is also an opioid. They share the same fundamental chemical structure. Her-oin binds to the very same receptors in the brain and produces the same eupho-ria and sedation, and heroin is plagued by the same addiction potential. Her-oin is classified as a schedule I drug, the most dangerous class, because it has no accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse and addiction. So this is the pathway between opioids and heroin and why that path-way is very short. It is all about the chemistry because OxyContin has the nearly identical molecular constitu-tion as heroin. Over time, the brain, the receptors are saying: I need to have to continue to have that hit. Thus, we have this epidemic where 80 percent of all people in the United States who are dying from heroin overdoses started on prescription opioid drugs that had been prescribed by their physicians. Physi-cians should have to be educated. The FDA should have expert advisory pan-els that give the strongest possible guidance to the pharmaceutical compa-nies. That is what is missing in this equation. It starts there. We need a debate on $1.1 billion for more treatment and more education, and we are going to have that debate on the Senate floor. These local fami-lies, these local groups, they are he-roes, but heroes need help, and it is time for us to fund those programs in the same way we funded the Ebola cri-sis and the same way we are being asked to help to fund the Zika crisis. We have a crisis in America ourselves, but if we don’t deal with the issue right from the beginning at the FDA, at the DEA, and at the AMA, we are not going to solve this problem. We are just put-ting medical facilities in place to deal with the consequences of having no policy. This is our great opportunity to have a debate in our country. I can’t thank the Members enough for beginning to deal with this issue on a serious basis, but we can’t be afraid of the pharmaceutical industry. We can’t be afraid of the American Med-ical Association. We can’t be afraid of the bureaucrats in these agencies who say: Oh, Mr. or Ms. Senator, we are the experts. You don’t know what you are talking about. Well, just let me tell you this. The people of the United States don’t trust the experts anymore in these agencies. They want more accountability. They want other experts to come in to check those experts, to ask the tough ques-tions on behalf of the American people. That is why I have a hold on Dr. Rob-ert Califf’s nomination for the FDA, because right now the FDA is saying it is going to continue business as usual and that is just wrong. That is just plain wrong. It has to stop there. The signal must come from this adminis-tration. I thank all the Members for this dis-cussion, for where we are today and where we are going to have to go in the months ahead, but I don’t think we should end this year without a funda-mental change that has taken place in our society in this relationship. I will just add one final issue, and that is the issue of how many pills, how many pills a doctor can prescribe initially to a patient. We are now de-bating that issue in the State of Massa-chusetts. Governor Baker has been say-ing it should only be 3 days’ worth of pills. One of the counterproposals is 7 days of pills that can be used by the pa-tient. I do know this. We have to start here because right now doctors are handing out bottles of 60 to patients who only need a week’s worth or 3 days’ worth. When you leave a dentist’s office, you don’t need 60 days’ worth of pills for your wisdom teeth that have been re-moved. When you have some pain that you just got from playing a softball game and you have twisted your back, you don’t need a bottle of 60 or 30. You might need a few pills for 3 days or 7 days, but you don’t need the 60. Having that 60 in that medicine cabinet is the beginning of the problem. I thank Governor Baker for what he is doing on this issue. They haven’t re-solved it in Massachusetts. I think we have to debate that in the Halls of Con-gress as well. They are all related, how these pills get into the blood system of our country. Again, I thank all of the Members for their consideration of this issue. Mr. President, I yield back the re-mainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:26 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.018 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES938 February 23, 2016 
and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, are we still in recess? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is now postcloture on the nomina-tion. The Senator may proceed. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to honor the memory of one of our Na-tion’s greatest champions of limited government under the Constitution, Justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia set the standard for the kind of judge upon which liberty depends. He was a dear friend, and I will miss him great-ly. The purpose of government, accord-ing to the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, is to secure in-alienable rights and the blessings of liberty. Liberty exists by design and, as Andrew Jackson put it, by eternal vigilance. America’s Founders were clear that liberty requires separated and limited government powers, in-cluding a particular role for unelected judges. Judges who seek to determine what the law is promote liberty; judges who say what they think the law should be undermine it. Put simply, judges must interpret and apply the law impartially; that is, by setting aside their own opinions, preferences, or prejudices. Interpreting and applying the law impartially par-ticularly leaves the American people and their elected representatives in charge of the law. When they interpret written law impartially, they discern what the original public meaning of the law is. When judges apply the law impartially, they pay no regard to the identity of the parties or the political effects of their decision. Judges can neither make nor change the law they use to decide cases. That is the kind of judge liberty requires. That is the kind of judge Antonin Scalia was. When President Ronald Reagan first appointed Antonin Scalia to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit in 1982, the future Justice said to those of us on the Judiciary Committee that if confirmed the time for him to opine on the wisdom of laws would be ‘‘bygone days.’’ When he again came before the committee a few years later as a Su-preme Court nominee, he repeated that setting aside personal views is ‘‘one of the primary qualifications for a judge.’’ He described a ‘‘good judge’’ as one who starts from the law itself and not ‘‘where I would like to come out in [a] particular case.’’ Justice Scalia’s brilliance and wit were certainly impressive, but they were powerfully connected to this deep-ly considered and deliberately framed judicial philosophy rooted in the prin-ciples of the Constitution. He stuck doggedly to this ideal of the good judge whose role in our system of govern-ment is limited to properly inter-preting the law and impartially apply-ing it to decide cases. His approach re-quires self-restraint by judges. Judges, he often said, must take the law as they find it and apply it even when they do not like the results. In his own words, ‘‘If you’re going to be a good and faithful judge, you have to resign yourself to the fact that you’re not al-ways going to like the conclusions you reach.’’ Liberty requires such judicial self-re-straint, whether it is en vogue or not. As President Reagan put it when he witnessed the oath of office adminis-tered to Justice Scalia in September 1986, America’s Founders intended that the judiciary be independent and strong but also confined within the boundaries of a written Constitution and laws. No one believed that principle more deeply and insisted on implementing it more consistently than our Justice Scalia. His approach to the law was often called textualism or, in the con-stitutional context, originalism—an approach which is nothing more than determining the original public mean-ing of the legal text. It leaves the law-making to the lawmakers and the peo-ple they represent, rather than to the judge. The Senate unanimously confirmed Justice Scalia’s nomination on Sep-tember 17, 1986, the 199th anniversary of the Constitution’s ratification. That was very appropriate because his ap-proach gives the Constitution its real due, treating it as more than empty words on a page but as words that al-ready have meaning and substance. Justice Scalia knew that the Constitu-tion cannot limit government’s power if government actors—including judges—define the Constitution. Justice Scalia rejected judicial activ-ism—what he called power-judging— that treats the law as shape-shifting. For activists, the laws and the Con-stitution have no fixed meaning but can rather be contorted and manipu-lated to fit the judge’s own policy pref-erence. Such an approach puts the unelected judge, not the American peo-ple in their elected representatives, in the position of supreme lawmaker. Thomas Jefferson warned that if judges controlled the Constitution’s meaning, it would be ‘‘a mere thing of wax in the hands of the judiciary, which they may twist and shape into any form they please.’’ That is exactly what activist judges do, treating the law like clay that they can mold in their own image. Rather than reinterpreting the law in his own image, the good judge con-forms his decisions to the fixed mean-ing of the law. By insisting that even judges must be the servants rather than the masters of the law, Justice Scalia was simply following the lead of America’s Founders and empowering the American people. Justice Scalia’s approach to judging not only requires self-restraint by judges, but it also demands rigor and accountability by legislators. The good judge takes seriously the language the legislators enact, so the people can hold accountable the legislators they elect. The famed Senator and Supreme Court advocate Daniel Webster once said that ‘‘there are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters.’’ Those who object to Justice Scalia’s approach embrace the notion that judges, rather than the people, should be the masters of the law. Justice Scalia’s impact has been enormous. A liberal legal commentator may have put it best in his review of Justice Scalia’s book, ‘‘A Matter of In-terpretation,’’ with these words: 
We are all originalists now. That is to say, most judges and legal scholars who want to remain within the boundaries of respectable constitutional discourse agree that the origi-nal meaning of the Constitution and its amendment has some degree of pertinence to the question of what the Constitution means today. 
Justice Scalia brought the bound-aries of respectable constitutional dis-course more in line with the principles of liberty than they had been in a gen-eration. For that, our liberty is more secure, and we should be deeply grate-ful. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA AND  
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this past Saturday I was honored to attend the funeral mass for Justice Scalia. I couldn’t help but recall back when President Reagan nominated him for the Supreme Court of the United States. At that time Judge Scalia said that ‘‘[his] only [agenda] was to be a good judge.’’ Today, 30 years later, it is clear that Justice Scalia, who until his death served longer than any of the current members of the Supreme Court of the United States, was more than a good judge. In fact, he was a great judge. He was a giant of American jurisprudence. As I got to know him even better during the course of the more recent years, thanks to a mutual acquaint-ance, I can tell you he was also a good man. My first encounter with Justice Scalia was back in 1991 when I won an election to be on the Texas Supreme Court and the court invited Justice Scalia to come to Austin, TX, and ad-minister the oath of office. At that time I already admired his intellect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.021 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S939 February 23, 2016 
and commitment to the Constitution and the rule of law, and believe me, he was an inspiration to young judges like me who were inspired to do the same. He has been an inspiration to so many judges, lawyers, and law students for decades. I admired and respected Justice Scalia. Like many Texans, I was proud of the fact that he also seemed to love Texas, believe it or not, even though he was a Virginian. He remarked once that if he didn’t live in Virginia, he would ‘‘probably want to be a Texan.’’ I wish to spend a couple of minutes remembering this great man and the contributions he made to our Nation. Beyond his incredible resume, Justice Scalia was a devoted husband to Maureen for more than 50 years. He was a dedicated father to 9 children and a grandfather to more than 30 grandchildren. As I said earlier, he was not only a family man, which I am sure he would have considered his most im-portant job, he was a role model for a generation of lawyers, judges, legal scholars, and those who loved the Con-stitution. One of the interesting things about Justice Scalia—and perhaps he could teach all of us a little something these days—was that he was quick to build relationships with people who had dif-ferent views from his own and fostered an environment of collegiality and friendship on the Court. As we learned earlier, Justice Scalia had relationships with people with whom he couldn’t have disagreed more on key issues that the Court con-fronted—people like Justice Ginsburg, for example. We all know he was a gift-ed writer and possessed an infectious wit, but Justice Scalia’s most impor-tant legacy is his life’s work and his call for a return to our constitutional first principles. Justice Scalia strongly believed that words mattered, and I think that is one of the reasons why he quickly became one of the most memorable writers on the Court and one of the best in the Court’s entire history. He believed the words written in the Constitution mattered because that was the only thing the States voted on when they ratified the Constitution. Those were the words with which the American people chose to govern themselves. For decades he tried to give those words force and fought against an attempt to say that we really don’t have a written Constitution; we have a living Con-stitution that should be reinterpreted based on the times when, indeed, the text had not changed one bit. His originalist interpretation of the Constitution meant that he viewed the Court as a place to vindicate the law and what it meant, not express the preferences of five Justices. Justice Scalia was one of the most fervent ad-vocates for the rule of law and a writ-ten Constitution. On many instances, he made the important point that if the Supreme Court was viewed merely as a group of nine individuals making value judgments on how our country ought to be governed under our Con-stitution, then the people may well feel that their values were equally as valid as those of the ‘‘high nine’’ on the Po-tomac given life tenure and a seat on the Supreme Court. It was his strict adherence to the text of the Constitu-tion, and not evolving value judgments over time, that gave protection to our democracy. Justice Scalia was strongly com-mitted to the separation of powers. This is so fundamental to the Constitu-tion that, until the first Congress, James Madison didn’t even think that we needed a Bill of Rights because he felt that the separation of powers and the division of responsibilities would be protection enough because they viewed the concentration of powers, the opposite of separation of powers, as a threat to our very liberty. I think he said that the very definition of tyranny was the concentration of powers. So he saw the separation of powers as noth-ing less than the most important guar-antor of our liberty and the most im-portant shield against tyranny. In one dissent Justice Scalia wrote ‘‘without a secure structure of sepa-rated powers, our Bill of Rights would be worthless.’’ I guess you would have to say he is a Madisonian and not a Federalist by temperament and view. This recognition of the importance of separation of powers could not be any more important at this point in our history because scarcely a month goes by when this administration has cho-sen to undermine this basic constitu-tional precept by exerting itself and claiming authorities which the Con-stitution does not give the President. Justice Scalia understood what was at stake. He believed that every blow to the separation of powers would harm our Republic and liberty itself. As Justice Scalia wrote in a case in which the Court unanimously struck down the President’s violations of the constitutional doctrine of separation of powers, he said: ‘‘We should therefore take every opportunity to affirm the primacy of the Constitution’s enduring principles over the politics of the mo-ment.’’ He continued, warning against ‘‘aggrandizing the Presidency beyond its constitutional bounds.’’ That is what Justice Scalia did time and again, and that is what he reminded all of us about—the importance of doctrines of separation of powers, adherence to the text of the Constitution, and not mak-ing it up as you are going along or ex-pressing value judgments that can’t be related to the actual text and original understanding of the Constitution. The question arises: When the Presi-dent makes a nomination to fill the va-cancy left by Justice Scalia’s death, what is the constitutional responsi-bility of the U.S. Senate? It is true that under our Constitution, the Presi-dent of the United States has a unique role and the authority to make a nomi-nation to fill this vacancy, but it is also true that the Senate has an essen-tial and unique role to play as well. The founding generation regarded the Senate’s role in the appointment proc-ess as ‘‘a critical protection against ‘despotism.’’’ Nothing less. That means that the U.S. Senate has a unique and separate role to play, and certainly a coequal role with that of the President, in the process of filling vacancies on the Court. We are not, and the Con-stitution never intended us to be, a rubber stamp for the President of the United States. I know that President Obama would love to nominate somebody in the wan-ing months of his last term of office as he is heading out the door and perhaps fill this vacancy, which in the case of Justice Scalia was filled for 30 years, far extending President Obama’s term of office. That is not what the U.S. Senate is about. We are a coequal branch of government, and we have an independent and separate responsi-bility from that of the President. He can nominate anybody he wants, but it is up to the Senate, in its collective wisdom, on whether or not to grant ad-vice and consent. When we say that, we mean that if the Senate did not play its unique role, liberty itself would be weakened and despotism strengthened. As I said before, the American people can and should have a voice in the se-lection of the next Supreme Court Jus-tice. In the waning days of this Presi-dential election year after voters have already cast their ballots in primaries for Republican and Democratic can-didates—even as I speak, there is a cau-cus convening today in Nevada—I be-lieve giving the American people a choice in who selects the next Justice of the Supreme Court is very impor-tant. I think it elevates what is at stake in this next election this Novem-ber, and that means simply that this vacancy should not be filled at this time by this President. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Cali-fornia. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I came to the floor because I am stunned. I just learned that the Republicans have announced to the country they will not even call a hearing, if and when Presi-dent Obama does his job and nominates a replacement for Justice Scalia. We send our heartfelt sympathy to his family. I don’t know where the Republicans have come up with this notion that this is the right thing to do. If you look at the strict constitutionalists, you know they are reading the Con-stitution, unless they are phonies. This is what the Constitution says, the President shall ‘‘nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court.’’ Where in this does it say: except in election years. As a matter of fact, we have acted 14 times in election years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.028 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES940 February 23, 2016 
Whoever is a strict constructionist should read the Constitution, article II, section 2, clause 2. I am going to read it again: The President shall ‘‘nomi-nate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court.’’ It doesn’t say as Senator C
ORNYN  said: Oh, the President can nominate, but nobody else has a job to do. Oh no. It says: ‘‘. . . and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate . . .’’ To have such a press conference, as I understand it—I didn’t see it myself, but it has been reported to me—there has been an announcement that the Republicans will not even hold a hear-ing, which goes against this Constitu-tion. I wouldn’t be surprised if there is a lawsuit brought by the people of this country, 70 percent of whom believe we have an obligation. We have an obliga-tion. Nowhere in the Constitution does it say it is too late for the President to nominate. Guess what. The Repub-licans keep saying we need an elected President. Well, I have good news for them. This President was elected twice and he has about a year left. Guess what. I am not going to run again, but I am here now. I want to work. I did not take this job to have a year off and not worry about working in my last year. Nowhere in the Constitution does it say: Oh, and by the way, don’t advise and consent if it is a Democratic Presi-dent in his second term. It does not say that. So if you consider yourself a strict constructionist, then pay atten-tion to this. I am proud that several Republicans on the other side said: Ba-loney, we don’t go along with it. Good for them and more should do it. It doesn’t say in the Constitution, you only advise and consent if it is a Republican President with a Repub-lican Senate. Again, the Senate over the years has repeatedly considered Supreme Court nominees in both election years and in the final year of a President’s term. Justice Kennedy, who serves now, a fellow Californian, was nominated by President Reagan in 1987. I was over on the House side, and I didn’t have any-thing to do with it, but I sure watched it. Kennedy was confirmed by a Demo-cratic Senate during Reagan’s last year in office. My Republican friends say: Oh, but this Senator said this about it and that Senator said that and J
OEBIDEN said this. It doesn’t matter what people say. It is what we do, and 14 times in his-tory we have voted on judges in an election year. My Republican colleagues who sug-gest that this process cannot be done before President Obama leaves office are fooling themselves. History has disproven them and the Constitution is going to chastise whoever says: I want a dead Constitution. Read this. This is very clear. It absolutely is. So I have a message for my Repub-lican friends. Pretty simple. Pretty simple. Do your job. Do your job. If you are afraid to do your job, then do some-thing else with your life. If you don’t want to do your job because you are worried that one moderate may get through, then make your argument. If you want to vote no, vote no, but to hold a press conference and say you will not even hold a hearing is out-rageous. Every day in talented cities across this country, Americans show up for work and they do their jobs. They don’t call their bosses and say: You know, I just don’t feel like doing this today. I am healthy, I am fine, I am well, but you know what, I don’t want to do my job. They would be fired and they should be. Do your job. You are elected to do your job. The American people show up for their jobs. They do their jobs. It is as simple as that. The Jus-tices of the Supreme Court show up and they do their jobs every day. Jus-tice Scalia did it. They all do it. They hear cases. They write opinions. The Supreme Court is the last stop on the justice train, but to be able to function as our Founding Fathers in the U.S. Constitution intended, they need a full bench with all nine Jus-tices. A Supreme Court with eight Jus-tices is not a functioning Court. Let us look at the Republicans’ hero, Ronald Reagan. We always hear them say: Ronald Reagan. I was proud to serve in the House during Ronald Rea-gan’s term. I didn’t agree with him on a lot of things, but I agree with him on this. Do you know what he said? I look forward to prompt hearings con-ducted in the spirit of cooperation and bipar-tisanship. I will do everything in my power as President to assist in that process. 
President Ronald Reagan, November 12, 1987. What did he say? Did he get up and say: Oh, it is an election year— which it was. No. Kennedy was voted on in an election year and President Reagan made the case. This is what else Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘Every day that passes with a Supreme Court below full strength impairs the people’s business in that crucially im-portant body.’’ Let me say that again. Ronald Reagan, who was pushing for a vote on a Supreme Court Justice in an election year, said the following: ‘‘Every day that passes with a Supreme Court below full strength impairs the people’s business in that crucially important body.’’ I don’t understand where the Repub-licans are coming from. They are dis-regarding Ronald Reagan, their hero. They are disregarding the Constitution that they say is their shining star of their being, which it should be for all of us, and they stood there today and blatantly announced they are not even going to hold a hearing on a nominee before they even know who he or she is. What is that about? I am truly stunned. I thought I had seen every-thing, but I have never seen this. You show up and you do your job. I am going to show you a few other quotes of people who are very impor-tant to this conversation and what they are saying about not moving for-ward. How about Sandra Day O’Connor, what an incredible woman. She was ap-pointed by Ronald Reagan, the first fe-male ever appointed to the Supreme Court, a magnificent person and a Re-publican. What did she say? ‘‘I think we need somebody there, now, to do the job, and let’s get on with it.’’ She just said that 10 days ago or less. Is she a par-tisan? I don’t think so. She is speaking from the heart. She is speaking from her soul. She is speaking from experi-ence. She knows the Court has impor-tant cases before it and will be tied in knots if we don’t have a Court at full strength. Again, here is what she said, Repub-lican Sandra Day O’Connor, esteemed member of the Supreme Court, a Ron-ald Reagan nominee: ‘‘I think we need somebody there, now, to do the job, and let’s get on with it.’’ I am going to show you two more quotes. This is from the American Con-stitution Society: A vacancy on the Court for a year and a half, which is what the Republicans want, at least a year and a half, would mean many in-stances where the Court could not resolve a split among the circuits. There would be the very undesirable result that the same federal law would have differing meanings in various parts of the country. 
That is the American Constitution Society. Then we have another quote I wish to share with you by the director of the Byron White Center at the University of Colorado: 
It would essentially shut the Supreme Court down for two years. It would be a mon-umental crisis for the development of the law and the need to resolve large legal ques-tions. 
Let me say it again. 
It would essentially shut the Supreme Court down for two years. It would be a mon-umental crisis for the development of the law and the need to resolve large legal ques-tions. 
It is not as if large legal questions aren’t at stake. Right now the Su-preme Court is set to look at some in-credibly important cases that have real effects on our people. This isn’t some argument in a salon. This is real stuff. The cases can’t wait, and it doesn’t matter what side you are on with these cases. They have to be resolved. What about voting rights? I don’t think there would be a difference of opinion in this Chamber that this is what makes this country great and special, the right to vote, the responsi-bility to vote. We have many States that have put forward voter ID laws. They need to be told whether they are fair or unfair, whatever side you come down on. We need a Court to look at voting rights cases and see who the eli-gible voters are. Affirmative action. They are going to reexamine that case. Whatever side you are on, it has to be decided. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.029 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S941 February 23, 2016 
Workers’ rights. The Court will de-cide the impact of the ability of the union to represent millions of working Americans. Whatever side you are on, there needs to be a decision, otherwise you are going to have different States with different laws and it makes no sense. This is one Nation under God. That is why we have a U.S. Senate and a U.S. House and a U.S. President and a U.S. Supreme Court—because we are one Nation and these issues have to be de-cided. There is one on employee dis-crimination. How do people get their day in court if they are being discrimi-nated against? It doesn’t matter what side you are on. The fact is there needs to be a decision. Women’s health. There is a big case on women’s health as to whether work-ers can get birth control. Again, what-ever side you are on, pro, con, there needs to be a decision. It is about women, health care, vot-ing rights, students. These cases have real consequences. I am going to con-clude with one more chart that deals with the length of Supreme Court Jus-tices for the past 35 years. Here you see the list of the various nominees. Not all of these made it, a couple did not, but here is the deal with these. O’Con-nor waited 95 days, Rehnquist 92, Scalia 82, Bork 109, Kennedy 113, Souter 74, Thomas 110, Ginsburg 137, Breyer 114, Roberts 90, Alito 95, Sotomayor 97, Kagan 118. Under M
ITCH MCCONNELL ’s plan, the Republican plan that they laid out, if you averaged all of this, you get 102 days. That is the average it takes. Under M
CCONNELL ’s plan, it would take 444 days, at best. That is assuming ev-erything goes perfectly well. It could take a lot longer. What does this mean? Anyone within the sound of my voice has heard this: Justice delayed is justice denied. That is a fact. And it is used throughout the country when we talk about the impor-tance of making these decisions. When our constituents go to jury duty, what are they asked? Can you make this de-cision? Can you come to this decision? Because everyone deserves to have an answer. So, in conclusion, take a look at this. This is an abomination. This is the number of days we have seen over the last 35 years that it took to confirm. Fourteen of our Justices have been confirmed in election years since the beginning of this country, and this takes us back to the Civil War days— imagine—when we really had a country divided. This is not what we need to do right now, with all of these decisions coming up. Regardless of your stand on them, people deserve justice. I will conclude with the ‘‘Do Your Job’’ chart because I have to say that is what it comes down to. I urge the people of this great country to call the Republicans, every one of them, with three words: Do your job. And if the person who answers says ‘‘I don’t know what you mean,’’ say ‘‘Do your job. Let the process move forward on the Su-preme Court Justice.’’ And if they say ‘‘Well, we want an elected President,’’ what will be told to them is ‘‘We are fortunate. We have one, elected not once but twice.’’ More than enough time remains for him to do his job, and more than enough time remains for us to do ours. Republicans, do your job. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the impor-tance of filling the current vacancy on the Supreme Court of the United States. I appreciate the words of my colleague from California. I wish to begin by saying that my prayers and thoughts are with the fam-ily and friends and Supreme Court col-leagues of Justice Scalia. He was a great scholar who had friends in many places. Just last week I was at the Uni-versity of Chicago Law School, where I went to law school, and so many people have stories. He used to teach there. He taught there for a long period of time, and they miss him very much. The Supreme Court has the constitu-tional responsibility to weigh some of the most important issues facing the American people. From freedom of speech, to due process, to doing busi-ness in America, Supreme Court deci-sions have impacted and continue to impact the daily life of every citizen of this country. As one of the three pil-lars of our government, we value the Court’s distinctive insulation from public opinion. Justices commit them-selves to the law and to the Constitu-tion and not to politics or partisanship. Americans need and deserve to have a functional and fully staffed Supreme Court. We cannot delay consideration of the next Supreme Court nominee. As my colleague just pointed out, we would have to go back to the Civil War, to a time where a position—an impor-tant key position on the Supreme Court of the United States—was left open. We would have to go back to a time when it was left open for more than a year. We would have to go back to a time before we had planes, before we had automobiles, before we had washing machines—you name it. We would have to go back to the Civil War. Delaying the confirmation of a new Justice will prevent the Court from issuing binding precedent and deny ac-cess to justice for Americans. Lower courts will be left with decisions, and decisions will not be made in those cases. That is why the Constitution of the United States says that the Presi-dent shall—shall—nominate someone to the Supreme Court. It doesn’t say that he will wait for a year. It doesn’t say that he can’t do it in an election year. It says that he shall nominate someone. We have a lot of Members of this great body who are lawyers, a lot of whom I have heard quoting the Con-stitution. A lot of them believe in strict interpretation of the words of the Constitution. Well, the words of the Constitution say that the Presi-dent ‘‘shall nominate’’ and that the Senate’s job is to ‘‘advise and con-sent.’’ It says that it is the Senate’s job. It doesn’t say that it is the Sen-ate’s job to avoid things and to just go on TV and to run ads. No. It says that the Senate has a job to do. The Senate has a job to do. Both the President and the Senate have a constitutional duty to protect the Supreme Court’s ability to func-tion and dispense justice—not to tell the Supreme Court what to do, not to dictate their decisions, but to make sure they are simply able to do justice. This means they must be fully staffed and have the Justices in place, and it also means they should be funded. Those are our jobs. According to our Constitution, the President replaces vacant seats on the Supreme Court. That duty does not end, as I noted, in a Presidential year, just as the responsibilities of all Sen-ators in their States and in their Na-tion do not end in an election year. President Obama was elected to serve out his entire second term, not just the first 3 years. For 332 long days, the President will be the democratically elected President of the United States—democratically elected, as in a democracy, as in how our democracy functions. He has an obligation to all Americans to dutifully execute his oath of office. The President has not yet announced a nominee to fill the current vacancy on the Court. When he does, it will be the constitutional duty of each one of us to consider the nominee on his or her merits and then choose whether to vote yes or no. It is really not that hard. It is what the kids learn when they are taught social studies and civics when they are in elementary school. The American people who voted for us, as well as those who didn’t vote for us, expect us to do the jobs we were elected to do, regardless of the timing. A complete refusal to engage in this constitutionally required process be-fore the President has even announced a nominee is dangerous for our system of governance. It defies the words of the Constitution. This Chamber would be neglecting a key constitutional duty if it prevented a well-qualified nominee from serving on the Supreme Court. And guess what. How do we figure out if someone is well qualified? We have hearings. That is what we have been doing for decades now. We have hear-ings to figure out whether this person is qualified. That is how we advise. That is how we consent. That is how we do our duty under the Constitution. It is for that reason that I urge my colleagues to continue in the Senate’s bipartisan tradition of giving full and fair consideration to Supreme Court nominees. We have precedent for the Senate performing this role in the final year of a Presidency. Most recently, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.030 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES942 February 23, 2016 
the Senate confirmed Justice Kennedy, someone who is currently serving on the Supreme Court, a current member sitting on the Supreme Court, someone who makes decisions every day. When was he confirmed? He was confirmed in the last year of Ronald Reagan’s Presi-dency. And guess what. The Senate was controlled by Democrats. So we had the exact opposite situation. Now we have a Democratic President and we have a Senate that is in the control of Republicans. Back then we had a Re-publican President and a Senate that was in the control of Democrats. Peo-ple say: Well, what does history show us? What do we know? To me, that is the best example of history. And we know what happened: Justice Kennedy was confirmed, on Ronald Reagan’s nomination, by a Democratic Senate in an election year unanimously—unani-mously. The Senate has taken such action more than a dozen times in our Na-tion’s history, and there is no reason to abandon that precedent now. I am talk-ing about when a Justice position opens up during an election year. We have that precedent, which I think is important. Again, I think the most im-portant precedent, the most important example for historians, is what I led with: the fact that we have to go back to the Civil War to find a time when we left a vacancy on the Supreme Court open for a year. Think about that. Through World War I, through World War II, through huge tumult in this country, we always made sure we had a fully staffed Supreme Court. It would be unprecedented to deny a Supreme Court nominee fair consider-ation in the U.S. Senate. In the last 100 years, the Senate has taken action on every Supreme Court nominee regard-less of whether the nomination was made in a Presidential year. It is now February, which gives us plenty of time to consider and confirm a nomi-nee. Let’s go to that next. People say: When will we have the time to get that done? I would submit that we do. We have hundreds of days before us. In fact, the Senate has taken an average of only 67 days. Let’s make it easier: 2 months—about 2 months. That is the average since 1975 from the date of the nomination to the con-firmation vote—2 months. That means that if the President offers a nomina-tion, say, in the month of March—that sounds like a good month to have a nominee—that nominee would receive a vote in the Senate by Memorial Day. There are our 2 months. And if we even wanted to add a little time on, we would certainly do it by the Fourth of July, which is a very good holiday for those who believe in the Constitution and in the words of the Constitution. Until we confirm a nominee, the Court is left with only eight Justices. A split decision will prevent the Su-preme Court from making critical deci-sions and leave lower courts without a precedent to follow. A major responsi-bility of the Supreme Court is to re-solve disagreements among lower courts. A failure of the President or the Senate to meet its constitutional obligations would cause the Supreme Court to be unable to fill its constitu-tional obligations. These Supreme Court Justices aren’t elected directly; they have lifetime ap-pointments. Their job is to be insulated from elections and politics, and that is why we have these strict and straight-forward words in the Constitution that say that the President shall nominate someone for the job, and they also say that the Senate will advise and con-sent. We have those words in place in the Constitution, in that incredibly im-portant document that guides us in this Chamber every single day, just for a situation such as this one, just for situations such as these. In closing, I remind my colleagues of the important work the people have sent us here to do. Yes, we have major disputes every day. That happens every day. We get into arguments about issues. There are political campaigns going on. But we have always at least followed the Constitution. That is what this is about today. As soon as we have a nominee, as soon as the President exercises his con-stitutional duty and puts someone in place, we should follow the Constitu-tion and our longstanding traditions and the history of this country and up-hold that duty. We should diligently consider the President’s nominee to be the next Supreme Court Justice. As members of the Judiciary Committee, we must have the confirmation hear-ing. We must do our jobs. Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I am here to talk about Takata airbags, but I want to say to the Senator from Min-nesota that she is so right on. The Con-stitution, article II, says that the President ‘‘shall nominate’’ and the Senate ‘‘shall confirm.’’ It doesn’t say ‘‘may’’ or ‘‘wish.’’ It says ‘‘shall.’’ It is a constitutional responsibility of our duties. Just do your job, U.S. Senate. Just do the job, and we will see, once the President comes forward with a nomi-nee. Let’s see. Are we going to have committee hearings? Let’s see if we are going to have open and bipartisan dis-cussion on the merits of the nominee that is put forth. Let’s see if the Con-stitution is trashed or whether the Constitution is upheld in the process put out to us in the third branch of government. I thank the Senator from Minnesota. 
TAKATA AIRBAGS  
Mr. President, I came here to speak about something else—something that looks very sinister. As a matter of fact, I ask unanimous consent to have two items to show to the Senate with re-gard to the Takata airbag crisis. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. It looks kind of sin-ister, unfortunately, because it is. It is supposed to save lives, not kill. This is an airbag. It obviously has already been inflated. It goes right in the steer-ing wheel, so when you get in an acci-dent, this inflates and fills up with gas within a split second, and that protects your head and your torso from coming forward and being injured. What happens if this malfunctions, and what happens if the very manufac-ture of it causes it to malfunction under conditions? Let me show you what happens. I said these things look pretty sin-ister. Indeed, this is pretty sinister be-cause this is a fragment that was in the metal casing in one of these air-bags in Florida that, when it malfunc-tioned, caused the explosive force of the ammonium nitrate gas. It was so explosive that it ripped apart the metal casing, and this part that I am showing came flying into the face of the driver, severely injuring the driver. In this case it hit the forehead. I have told the Senate on many occa-sions that fragments of metal like this have come out just within the Orlando area of my State. They found a woman in the middle of an intersection where she had a collision, and when the police arrived, they found out that she was dead. She had bled to death. They looked at her neck and it was slashed. The police’s immediate response was that this was a homicide. Upon reflec-tion, she had a collision in the inter-section that otherwise would have been a major fender bender, but because of a defective Takata airbag, it sent a piece of metal like this into her neck and cut her jugular vein. Near Orlando, a firefighter—a big, strapping, 6-foot-4 hunk of a man— doesn’t have an eye anymore because a piece of metal fragment like this one from a Takata airbag came out when there was nothing more than a fender bender. When this bag exploded, it sent out a piece of metal. In his case, that firefighter doesn’t have the sight in one eye because this piece of metal fragment hit him. Unfortunately, this has happened all over the country. Unfortunately, it has happened with a great deal of, shall we say, dragging of feet, coverup, and ob-fuscation. These airbags are supposed to save lives, but when they fail, they rupture violently and they send metal fragments right at the driver or the passenger. These Takata airbags have such an explosive force. What is behind it? Well, our staff on the Commerce Com-mittee has just produced a report which this Senator is releasing today. It is an update on this report which found, through a review of recently ob-tained internal documents in the Takata Corporation, that Takata em-ployees routinely manipulated safety testing data. That would be bad enough, but let’s see the consequence of this drip, drip, drip approach to now a substantial number of recalls. There 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.036 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S943 February 23, 2016 
were a million vehicles recalled in 1 week, a million more the next, and there is no end in sight. A few days ago, there was a Reuters report that said that in addition to the already 20-plus million recalls of Takata airbags, an additional 70 to 90 million Takata airbags may have to be recalled right here in the United States. Can you imagine what that is going to do to all these poor auto deal-ers? I mean, don’t even speak about the person who is in the greatest jeopardy, the one who is behind the wheel of a car with an explosive grenade right in front of their face, and the grenade may go off. But can you imagine the poor auto dealers, the Toyotas, the Hondas? Let me tell you about the last person killed. He was in a Ford F–150 pickup truck, and it was in South Carolina. By the time people got to the truck after the crash that would not have killed him, he was dead because of a fragment like this. I wish you could see this frag-ment. I wouldn’t want that hitting me with an explosive force that inflates the airbag in less than 1 second. That is why the Commerce Committee has decided to jump all over this. We have been doing it for the last 2 years. We had a hearing on this 2 years ago. On the current recall, I said it was in excess of 20 million. It is actually 29 million with these defective inflators. That is because nine people are dead and dozens are injured. We find out now that in all, there may be 120 mil-lion airbags that eventually in the United Stated alone will have to be re-called. If you want a shocking figure, there may be in excess of 260 million airbags recalled worldwide. Knowing of all these problems, it is puzzling that the consent order that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration signed with Takata al-lows the continued production of am-monium nitrate-based inflators indefi-nitely. Then they said that certain ones had to be phased out by 2018. Why isn’t the NHTSA taking a more aggres-sive approach? What is going on after all of these inflators, based on what we see with ammonium nitrate, have ex-ploded? The essence of this and of the report we are releasing today as an addendum to the previous report is that the cur-rent recall may have to be redone. Why? Because auto manufacturers are installing new live grenades into peo-ple’s cars as replacements for the old live grenades. According to Reuters and the New York Times, there are also internal documents that show Takata officials were aware of these consistent prob-lems at its manufacturing plants. These reports claim that officials knew of manufacturing issues that could lead to moisture contamination, contami-nating the ammonium nitrate wafer in-side of the airbag inflator. This just adds all the more to the finding of evi-dence. Last June, the oversight and inves-tigations staff of the Commerce Com-mittee released a report on the Takata airbag fiasco showing that the com-pany knew there were serious produc-tion and testing issues dating back more than one decade. That is why we wanted to release this report today. Through a thorough review of recently obtained internal documents at Takata, it was discovered that Takata employees continually manipulated the safety testing done. For example, in this report, in a 2005 memo to the Takata vice president, an engineer at Takata explained that ‘‘the integrity of the validation reports . . . is in seri-ous question.’’ That engineer continued: ‘‘These are not trivial changes in that the data clearly in violation of the customer specs is altered to meet the customer specs.’’ The engineer called that ‘‘a clear misrepresentation of the facts.’’ That is what the Takata engineer said to one of the Takata vice presi-dents back in 2005. That was 11 years ago. In a 2006 email, a different engineer-ing manager explained that testing re-ports were ‘‘cherry picked’’ and a Takata employee was ‘‘schmoozed’’ to accept deviations in the data. So was he schmoozed or intimidated? Whatever it was, it was altering what was the truth. The manager con-cluded—this is the Takata manager in 2006, which was 10 years ago—that ‘‘the plant should have been screaming bloody murder long ago.’’ Well, if I were a lawyer making a case to a jury, I would rest my case right now. The fact is, we are not law-yers arguing to a jury. As Senators, we are here to try to protect the American people. And this data manipulation has continued. Even after the recalls had been announced and the rupturing in-flators had caused deaths and injuries, the data manipulation continued. I will give an example. A 2010 presen-tation explains that an experimental inflator was experiencing a significant safety and weld quality issue. Accord-ing to that presentation, ‘‘[Takata Japan] was informed of these results, but altered them and reported good re-sults to Honda.’’ Furthermore, even when these issues were raised to senior Takata employees, no action was taken. In a Takata director’s notes from 2013, he explains that he shared his view that the range of a certain recall might be a ‘‘violation of our moral ob-ligation to protect the public.’’ Let me repeat that. A ‘‘violation of our moral obligation to protect the public’’—that came from a Takata director. Wow. The engineer raised these concerns with Takata’s senior vice president of quality assurance, but the vice presi-dent failed to take action to address it. These new documents that we note in this report from the committee speak for themselves. Takata failed to prioritize the safety of its products, and as a result, nine people are dead and dozens were injured. And even after exploding Takata airbags killed these innocent people, company em-ployees continued to manipulate safety testing data. This is not only inexcus-able, it is reprehensible. We have these thousands of auto-mobile dealers around the country who have sold vehicles with the Takata air-bags. They cannot sell a new vehicle if that vehicle is under recall because of a Takata airbag. Under law, they can-not sell that new vehicle. Also, rental car companies that have more than 15 cars cannot rent cars if they are under recall. But used car dealers can sell used cars that have a defective Takata airbags in them that is under recall— without fixing it. I really feel for our automobile deal-ers. I really feel for our automobile dealers also because what in the world are they going to do with the cus-tomers now screaming ‘‘Replace this airbag’’ when, in fact, there are not enough replacement airbags? In fact, because the National Highway Trans-portation Safety Administration has allowed some of these replacements to go in with this ammonium nitrate, this is a horrendous situation. So I come to the floor today—this has been going on for over 2 years. We brought this out in a hearing in the Senate Commerce, Science, and Trans-portation Committee. And today I urge Takata and NHTSA to do what should have been done long ago: Stop pro-ducing these ammonium nitrate air-bags and get them out of people’s vehi-cles. And by the way, give your auto-mobile dealers some relief. And how about giving the American driving pub-lic, which is driving around with one of these things in their face, some consid-eration and put them first? Hopefully, we will see some more action on this. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I may proceed for 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GUANTANAMO DETAINEES  
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about President Obama’s plan to move Guantanamo Bay terrorists to the United States. However, it is not much of a plan. With all due respect, it is more of a failed at-tempt to fulfill a campaign promise and, in my view, what he believes will secure his legacy. Fortunately for us—those who be-lieve that moving dangerous enemy combatants within our communities is dangerous, irresponsible, and an illogi-cal idea—the President’s plan contains nothing really substantive. In fact, it fails to recommend an alternative loca-tion to any current facility at all. As a matter of fact, I call that a win. The plan does not provide any intel-ligence to substantiate the President’s claims, nor does it even provide a chart or a graph to support the mathematics on the alleged cost savings, and there is no estimate regarding the cost to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.038 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES944 February 23, 2016 
local and State governments to support such a move. Indeed, the 9-page report is short in every regard. The White House received the De-partment of Defense’s results of their site surveys and other data regarding a potential closing last month. And this—I am holding up the report here— this is all we have in return: 9 pages. I know the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, my good friend and colleague, Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN, is not going to be pleased with the lack of substance or data or the ar-ticulation of a real plan. The same goes for Senator R
ICHARD BURR, chairman of the Intelligence Committee, who at this particular time is going to be in-troducing legislation of his own to pro-vide intelligence with regard to the ad-ministration’s lack of intelligence on moving detainees to the United States. The lack of a plan and the inability of this administration to provide an al-ternative site indicate that none of the sites visited by DOD’s survey team met the demands necessary to hold detain-ees and, more important, keep our community safe. The fact that no site was named and no substance on those visits was provided tells me there is no alternative to match what we are now doing safely and securely at Gitmo, pe-riod. This so-called plan, as outlined by the President in his speech today from the White House, skims over four steps to closing Guantanamo Bay. First, it articulates the administra-tion’s plan to continue moving detain-ees designated for transfer by the President’s national security team to foreign countries. In some instances, this may have been successful with regard to individ-uals being rehabilitated, but a third of the time, detainees transferred to third-party host countries have re-turned to the battlefield. And these are just the ones we know about. This is called recidivism, and the rates are too high for this process to be called ‘‘se-cure and responsible,’’ as the adminis-tration has labeled it. Second, the administration plans to continue its review of the threat posed by those detainees who are not cur-rently eligible for transfer through the Periodic Review Board. This is to provide a new review on the current population of detainees who have been deemed too dangerous to transfer—deemed too dangerous to transfer, and yet this President wants to give them a second shot at getting out. This doesn’t make any sense. Ter-rorists are not criminals. As much as this President would like for you to be-lieve they are, terrorists are not equal to the inmates we have across Amer-ica’s prison system. They are fixated on the destruction of America. They have no regard for life, not that of their own and especially not the lives of innocent civilians. The report hones in on having a de-tainee population anywhere from 30 to 60. There seems to be an assumption on the part of the President that the re-view board will determine that half of those deemed too dangerous for trans-fer or release are suddenly safe for transfer or release. Does the President believe this is possible or does this as-sumption simply serve his own means to create cost savings for his plan that can never be realized? The plan also fails to account for the fact that our Nation is still mired in the War on Terrorism. We are still fighting in the Middle East and world-wide, including the United States of America, to ensure that terrorism does not prevail. What about the individuals we detain from this day forward? What about those individuals with critical information related to the next ter-rorist threat? How can we operate without a facility like Guantanamo Bay to hold terrorists we take off the battlefield? Third, the plan attempts to identify individual dispositions, one by one, for those who remain designated for con-tinued law of war detention, to include Article III, military commissions, or foreign prosecutions. What a muddle. In his remarks today, President Obama advocated for trying terrorist suspects in Article III courts. The President named two American citi-zens—Faisal Shahzad and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev—to articulate his point. Both of those individuals, however, were ap-prehended in the United States, not on the battlefield. The intent of the Guantanamo deten-tion facility is to protect the American people by removing terrorists from the battlefield. As the United States faces a growing threat from terrorist organi-zations, such as ISIS, which have tens of thousands of members, bringing those terrorists to the United States to stand trial simply cannot be the an-swer. It is not safe for the American people and irresponsible to our na-tional security. Fourth, the plan states the adminis-tration’s desire to ‘‘work with Congress to lift unnecessary prohibitions in cur-rent law.’’ That is in quotes, ‘‘work with Congress.’’ Well, there is something that is unique with the President, ‘‘work with Congress to lift unnecessary prohibi-tions in current law.’’ But it does not anywhere in its nine pages endorse a specific facility to house Guantanamo detainees; rather, the plan describes a prototype for a detention facility in the United States—not Kansas, not Colorado, not South Carolina, not any-where in the United States. The President’s long-awaited plan is to work with Congress to identify the most appropriate location as soon as possible, according to the summary provided to my office by the Depart-ment of Defense. Question: How could it take 7 years to arrive at the idea to work with Congress? What a novel idea, but only for this express purpose. If the President had a suitable alter-native, he would have provided it in this plan. If he had a suitable alter-native, he would have provided it in 2009 when we stopped his plan the first time. Further, the plan fails to substan-tiate President Obama’s repeated claims that Guantanamo Bay serves as a recruiting tool for jihadists. Let me repeat this. The plan fails to substan-tiate President Obama’s repeated claims that Guantanamo Bay serves as a recruiting tool for jihadists, a ral-lying point for terrorist attacks, hin-dering relations with allies, and drain-ing Department of Defense resources. My goodness. I wrote Defense Secretary Ash Carter in November to ask for intelligence re-ports or data to support many of these assertions. I asked Secretary Carter if an intelligence assessment has been done in conjunction with the site sur-veys recently conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense from the safety of our community’s standpoint. I asked for the Department’s rationale for evalu-ating Fort Leavenworth, when three previous evaluations have made it abundantly clear it is and continues to be an unacceptable alternative. I asked if there were intelligence products re-garding previous site evaluations at Fort Leavenworth. The administration has argued that Guantanamo is a recruiting tool for terrorists. So I logically asked for an intelligence assessment to support that argument. As a follow on, I asked what assessment had been done to reflect that Guantanamo has increased ter-rorist recruitment. And finally, was there any empirical data to support the administration’s argument that na-tional security threats will decrease if enemy combatants are held in the United States? Common sense will tell you that it would increase. Two months later, the response con-firmed my assumptions. The Depart-ment of Defense had no intelligence products—none. There were no intel-ligence products, no data to provide to support the President’s argument that GTMO serves as a recruiting tool and that moving detainees to the mainland would increase security and decrease the terrorist threat to the United States. My colleagues, this plan really con-firms what many of us already know: There is no safe alternative to GTMO— not in Kansas, not in Colorado, not in South Carolina. Nowhere on the main-land is there a secure and responsible alternative. If there were, this Presi-dent would not have failed to articu-late it in his plan. Mr. President, a plan that is a legacy speech does not safeguard the lives of the American people. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, are we in morning business? The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are postcloture on the nomination. Mr. MANCHIN. I wish to speak on the nomination of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, Dr. Robert Califf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.041 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S945 February 23, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, the Senator is recognized. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I be-lieve the FDA needs new leadership, a new focus and a new culture, and Dr. Robert Califf’s past involvement with the pharmaceutical industry reflects that he will not be this person. He will not have the impact or leadership capa-bilities the Nation needs to stem the tide of the opioid crisis we have all over this country, even in your great State of Oklahoma and my State of West Virginia, which has been ravaged by this. I would like to put this in con-text for a little bit. He has been there over a year—a good man. I am not speaking about his ability, his honesty, his integrity, his education, his back-ground, and all the good work he has done. But he has been there for a year, and for the past 20 years Dr. Califf basi-cally has come from the institutional research side, from education, and with that, his support has come from the pharmaceutical industries, those that are putting opioids on the market. I just feel it would be hard, human naturewise, for him to change and rule to keep these products from coming onto the market. So to put this in con-text, this is not personally about Dr. Califf. This is about the culture he comes from and the year he has been there as the No. 2 man and what has happened during that period of time. Let me go over some things. Over the last decade, the FDA has approved new drugs at historically high rates. In 2008, companies filing applications to sell never-before-marketed drugs were denied 66 percent of the time. They were denied 66 percent of the time. Yet between the beginning of 2015 and Au-gust of 2015, the FDA rejected only 3 uses for new chemical entities and ap-proved 25. That is an approval rate of 89 percent. Now, tell me how in 7 short years that culture changed to where any-thing and everything coming at us was passed through, when we have already become the most addicted country on Earth. If one looks at new drugs and not the use of drugs, they have rejected only 1 and approved 23. That is a 96- percent approval rate in 2015. So of the new drugs that came to the market, only 1 was rejected—a 96-percent ap-proval rate. In 2008, the FDA’s approval of new marketing claims for existing drugs was 56 percent. In the first 8 months of 2015, it was 88 percent. This includes approving OxyContin for children as young as 11. The FDA’s 2013 approval of Zohydro drew widespread concern. All of us were outraged when we heard this new drug came on the market. To put another time period in con-text, I had worked for 3 years to try to get all opioids from a schedule III to a schedule II so doctors could prescribe only for 30 days. You had to go back and see your doctor. Up until that time, Vicodin and Lortab—the two most widely prescribed opioids—were schedule III. That means you could get a 90-day prescription and then call in to get it refilled. They were going out like M&Ms. We were able to do that, and no soon-er did we get that done—and it took 3 years, when it should have been 3 weeks. Within the same week that all opioids got to us from a schedule III to a schedule II, they approved a new drug called Zohydro, which was 10 times more powerful than Vicodin or Lortab—much more powerful. That ap-proval was done against their advisory committee 11 to 2. That means 13 ex-perts evaluated this drug and said: It is not needed, too powerful, don’t do it. Guess what, they did it anyway. Now they are saying that they are not going to pay attention to the advi-sory committee. Not only did they say they are not going to pay attention to the advisory committee, but we have had the decision on OxyContin being given to 11-year-old children; we have had the two new drugs that came out in 2014 after Zohydro and the pushback from Senators representing our respec-tive States; they had a new drug called Targiniq, which is an extended-release OxyContin product, and Hysingla, which is an extended-release hydrocodone product. So there were three new decisions made, with two new powerful opioids coming to the market and the decision that OxyContin would be given to 11- year-olds. That was done without any review from the advisory committee. They got so much pushback from Zohydro, they said: We are not going down this path again. We will just not have anybody review it. We will just go ahead and do it. If you believe that is a culture that will protect the welfare and well-being of our citizens in our States all through this great country of ours, then I am sorry because I don’t. I am sorry, but that is why I have been so passionate. I have more people dying of legal prescription drug abuse than any-thing else in the State of West Vir-ginia. More people die. It is ravaging families. I have personal letters I will read, and they will tear your heart out with what is happening and how this grips and tears people apart. It tears commu-nities apart. Every law enforcement agency in America will tell you—no matter what town they are in, what county they are in, or what State they are in—that over 80 percent and up-ward of 95 percent of all crimes com-mitted are drug related, are some sort of drug related. There is not one of us right now in this beautiful Senate Chamber that doesn’t know somebody in our imme-diate family or Senate family that hasn’t been affected by drugs, either prescription legal drugs or illegal drugs. It is awful. It is an epidemic. I believe the FDA must break its cozy relationship with the pharma-ceutical industry and instead start a relationship with the millions of Amer-icans. I have said that I am going to fight against the FDA protecting a business plan and hopefully the culture will change, and they will start pro-tecting America and the plan of fami-lies and citizens of this great country to have a healthy lifestyle. It is because of this belief that I am urging my colleagues to vote against the confirmation of Dr. Robert Califf as the director of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration. He will still be there and still be a valuable person. He is just not that person with the passion to change the culture in this important agency. We have let this sleeping giant go for far too long. My office has been absolutely flood-ed, Mr. President, with stories from West Virginians—but I have received them from all over the country—who want their voices to be heard. They say: Please use my name. I am not ashamed. We have been hiding too long. I have watched too many people’s lives be destroyed. So today I will read letters not only from West Virginians but also people across this great coun-try of ours that have been impacted by the opioid abuse epidemic. I urge my colleagues to listen to these letters from their States and sto-ries from my State about these drugs before confirming Dr. Califf, and in all good conscience make that decision to-morrow when we vote. Do you really believe he can bring the changes need-ed and not just say: Well, we have to have somebody there. He is already there. He will do a good job where he is; he is just not going to be able to kick them and shake them up and say we are not going down this path any more. There are some good people. We have made some recommendations of some good people who would bring the cultural changes that need to be brought. I am going to read first about a young lady from Southern West Vir-ginia. Her name is Chelsea. This is her story. 
As a recovering addict, I have watched my-self, my friends, and loved ones suffer from this horrible thing we call addiction. As I watch all these people now suffering, I know they had no idea what they were getting themselves into, and neither did I. Whether it be for pain or just simply hang-ing with the wrong people like I did, we all have one thing in common, we chose to do drugs for the first time. 
Someone made a decision to do drugs for the first time. 
Growing up, I can honestly say I had what most people would call a normal childhood. 
Chelsea comes from an upper socio-economic family in Southern West Vir-ginia. She continues: 
I was raised by two hardworking parents who would and will still do anything for me. I was a gymnast and a cheerleader for most of my life and went to church every Wednes-day and Sunday. My dad was even the Mayor of Madison at one point. But even being raised up in a good home did not stop me from doing drugs. 
So this has no socioeconomic bear-ing. It does not. It is not a partisan issue. Whether you are a Democrat or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.043 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES946 February 23, 2016 
Republican, it makes no difference. Rich or poor makes no difference. Chel-sea continues: 
I can still remember the first time I heard about someone getting high. I was in the 6th grade and became friends with a girl whose parents got high themselves. We would walk about the playground and she would talk of these things called ‘‘drugs.’’ As she talked day in and day out about how getting high made her feel, it made me start to wonder what this thing called ‘‘getting high’’ was really about. 
Now, mind you, I am talking about a 12-year-old girl. She was just 12 years old. 
I can remember thinking how cool I thought it was that her parents had done drugs with her and would party with her. 
So another friend of hers, also 12 years old, had parents who were doing drugs with her and would party with her. Chelsea continues: 
One weekend I went to her house to stay the night and this was the first time I had gotten high. We smoked some pot, drank some alcohol, and I was turned on to my first pill around the age of 12. From this day for-ward, my life would forever be changed. From the ages twelve to fifteen I partied some on the weekends and sometimes during the week, but as time went on my addiction and tolerance grew more and more. By this time, I was doing more pills because I had access to them. Between stealing Lortabs off my dad, to hanging with that girl so we could get high with her dad, to buying pills off the local drug dealer on the street, I had moved from doing them every now and then to every day. I would stay a lot of weekends at this girl’s house just to get high because my parents would never have done that nor did they know I was doing it. By sixteen my life took another turn. My grandmother, who I called Nana, had taken care of me most of my life while my mother worked. She was diagnosed with lung cancer two years prior. In the last days of her life, I would visit her in the hos-pital and she would tell me how proud she was of me and how I was her little model. I had also met a very special guy by the name of J.R. a few months before this who I spent a lot of time with. On July 18, 2003, my Nana passed away. On the day of her wake, J.R. took me out to dinner, and on the way home he asked me to go meet his dad. I ex-plained to him I could not and that my grandma’s funeral was the next day. He dropped me off that night, kissed me good-bye, and that was the last time I ever heard from J.R. Twenty minutes after he left me, he wrecked and died. I felt like my heart had been ripped out of my chest. The day of his funeral is the next time I met the love of my life that would soon try to destroy my life. It was called OxyContin. I fell in love immediately with OxyContin. It took all of my cares and worries away, and from that moment on all I wanted to do was be numb. As the years passed, my drug addiction grew worse. I was not only doing pain pills, I was now experimenting with all kinds of other things. I can still remember my senior week in high school. While everyone was excited about going to the beach, I had to make sure I had enough drugs to go and not be sick. I took Roxy’s and Oxy’s, pretty much any-thing I could get my hands on, and eight balls of cocaine. By this time in my life I didn’t care about anything. It never once had crossed my mind that if I got caught with all of that I could go to jail. I was just worried about my next high. The following months were the same. I was doing anything I could to get my hands on drugs, from pain pills to cocaine to meth. I did not care as long as I was high. I was hanging around with people who were as sick as I was and places that I look back now that I would not even take my dog. At 19 I met a guy who would fuel my drug addiction even more. He was 40 years old and dealt OxyContin. At this point I could not af-ford my habit, so I did what I had to do. I started seeing my drug dealer. My life soon went from bad to worse. I had OxyContin 80s any time I wanted them, and at the time I thought life can’t get any bet-ter than this. When you are doing eight to ten OxyContin 80s a day, you will do what-ever it takes to get them. At this point I was turned on to heroin. Heroin would have taken my life if it hadn’t scared me so much. The high from heroin is so intense that anyone who had done it would have fallen in love. But, actually, it scared the life out of me. As time passed and I wasn’t getting high like I wanted to anymore from snorting OxyContin, I decided to start shooting up. That is one thing I never thought I would do is shoot up. I always told myself that people who shot up were the homeless people on the streets, complete and utter trash. Now here I was sticking a needle in my arm to get what I wanted. And to be honest, I thought life was bad before. It just got a whole lot worse. The life I was and the life that I knew was gone, and OxyContin was completely ruling my life now. 
OxyContin is a legal drug made by a legal pharmaceutical that knew ex-actly the effects this would have when they put this on the market over 20 years ago. She said: 
What stood before everyone was pure ad-diction. I had started stealing off of everyone by now and didn’t care who I hurt. People’s priceless possessions that meant so much to them meant nothing to me. All I’d seen was my next fix. That’s all I could see. People were bringing me stolen stuff and I was taking it to the nearest pawn shop or my drug dealer. I had no shame. I had needle marks all up and down my arms, and I would lie to my family about how they got there. It was like I had no conscience, or, better yet, my addiction was my conscience. Eventually I got caught stealing and was charged with 17 different felonies and one misdemeanor. This still did not slow me down even though I was looking at two to 20 years in prison. Nothing scared me more than being sick from the drugs. On September 29, 2008, I was called in for a random drug test and failed because I had shot up OxyContin the day before. At the courthouse they handcuffed me and shackled me and sent me to Southwestern Regional Jail where I did a total of 10 days. As I sat there in that jail cell and cried, I thought a pill could not be worth two to 20 years of my life, and I hit my knees and prayed to God that if He brought me out of that jail cell, that I would never, ever, ever touch drugs again. The Lord answered my prayer and the judge gave me the choice to stay in jail or go to the Life Center of Galax, in Galax, Vir-ginia. I chose to go to rehab. I completed the 30- day program and came back and did Thomas Memorial’s intense outpatient program for 6 more weeks. Once I got home I was sen-tenced to two to 20 years, but they suspended my sentence. I went through drug court and completed it. I was the third person to ever graduate from the Lincoln County Drug Court. I also had to do 14 more days in jail, 6 months of home confinement, and 4 years’ probation. I can honestly say that going to jail and rehab saved my life. If I hadn’t have been put in jail, I would probably be 6 feet in the ground just like a lot of my friends that I had to bury. All of these things combined gave me something I hold very dear to my heart. My recovery. Recovery has not only given my life back. It has given me a chance to be a daughter, a sister, a wife, and hopefully a mother someday, a productive member of so-ciety, a good friend, but most of all, my re-covery has given me a chance to be the voice of the sick and suffering addicts who lay in bed at night wondering if there is a way out. I enjoy giving people hope and showing them that treatment does work. I am living proof that if you work the program of recov-ery, it will work for you. Since that day I had found myself sitting in that jail cell with no hope and my life completely con-sumed by my addiction, my life has changed for the better. I have graduated with an As-sociate’s Degree in applied science from Southern West Virginia Community Tech-nical College. I went on to get my Bachelor’s degree in the arts of psychology from West Virginia State University, and now I am currently working on my Masters of Social Work de-gree at Concord University, and I will grad-uate with that degree in May. I have also been able to go to various schools, drug courts, and different places around the state to tell my story of addic-tion from where I was then to where I am now. I have also had the pleasure of working with a great group of people who are trying to get a sober living home open in Danville, West Virginia called the Hero House. I can tell you, she is so passionate about getting this Hero House so she can help other people. Anybody listen-ing who wants to help Chelsea in Danville, WV, with the Hero House, please do so or contact my office. 
Now, with all this being said, I don’t tell my story to get praise. I tell my story be-cause there is a son, a daughter, a husband, a father, a wife, and many, many other peo-ple out there addicted to drugs and they do not see a light at the end of the tunnel. When you are in active addiction, that light is so dim and a lot of times people think they are going to die from this hor-rible disease. But I am here to show people that you don’t have to die. You don’t have to let that horrible addiction win. You can step out and take your life back, because I am here to tell you that if you don’t, if you don’t, your addiction is going to take you to your grave. Drugs do not discriminate. They know no good, no bad, no rich, no poor. There are so many people out there who suffer from this because there is little to no treatment. By the grace of God I was sent to rehab and given a second chance. I still have the hor-rible reminders every day of the things I did to my family, to my body, and, most of all, to my self-esteem. I have the track marks after being 7 years sober that constantly remind me of the life I once lived. I have a poor self-image because of the men I chose to give myself to just to get a pill, and the damage I did to my family because I had no cares in the world. One day I hope there is enough treatment to help the addicts who want help. People need to be given a second chance and shown there is a better way of life than to do drugs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.044 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S947 February 23, 2016 
I have another story called Tami’s story, but I know Chelsea. I know this girl. She is impressive. She said: Please tell my story, I want people to know. No one could come from a finer family than I came from. No one can go lower than I have gone, and no one but by the grace of God could be saved like I was. When we hear these stories—and all she is saying is there is no treatment. She was lucky. She found a treatment center. Somehow we have to come to grips with this. We have a tax on to-bacco because we know it is harmful and we have to cure people of the dis-ease. We have a tax on alcohol. We have no fee whatsoever on opiates— none—and it is destroying lives like nothing else that has ever happened in this country. We need to make people conscious of this, and we need to have an FDA that is compassionate, but not only that, is committed to the change that needs to be made in our culture. I want to read Tami’s story, from West Virginia. That is in the northern panhandle. Chelsea was way down in the southern part of our State of West Virginia. 
We have 2 adult children suffering from substance use disorder. Our son entered the military while in col-lege. He was sent to Iraq right after 9/11, De-cember 27, 2001. He experienced things that he never talked about, celebrated his 21st birthday there, and returned home. He was not a saint when he went to war. He had a ju-venile past of drinking. Back then we thought he was a typical teenager acting out. When he returned, he suffered PTSD, as many do, and went to the VA hospital for treatment. He was put on cocktail after cocktail of medications. 
We all know this. We all know that basically these brave men and women who are willing to risk their lives and sacrifice their lives for us—in order to treat their pain, we think, just give them a prescription, and they are able to get anything and everything. That is what they are talking about when he was put on cocktail after cocktail of medications—was this his starting point of the spiral into addiction? 
I believe his addiction to opioids, benzoids, and amphetamines started then. I know that he spiraled from that point on. He lost his marriage, he didn’t see his son, he bounced from drugs to drugs to drugs. He obtained several DUIs, and time after time he walked away, no offer of help, no sentencing. He bounced, married again. She was addicted to heroin. He bounced again, was in and out of our house. Unfortunately, we always gave him a safe place to land. 
She said: ‘‘Unfortunately,’’—not for-tunately but unfortunately—‘‘we al-ways gave him a safe place to land.’’ 
The last time I saw him is when I called the police on him. I discovered that him and his girlfriend, with two small children, who had been living in our house for four months were using and selling drugs. I found out he was recently incarcerated for drug traffic and sent to a correctional rehabilitation fa-cility. Our daughter was an athlete all through school. She received injury after injury, and at 18 started seeing specialists for back pain. That was in 2004. They prescribed opiates. I never saw the addiction coming. She lost her best friend since first grade that year to a drunk driving accident. She went to coun-seling. More prescriptions. She appeared fine, gave birth to a beautiful baby boy, and then because of back pain more pain prescriptions were given. I real-ized she had a problem when she was preg-nant with her second child and was stepped down to Vicodin while pregnant. Vicodin while pregnant. 
After his birth, we started her first rehab experience. She returned to the father of her children sober. She relapsed and began snort-ing heroin. At this time she was living in Ohio and we were unaware of her relapse. We found out when her mother-in-law went to court and took her children. That was one of the worst days of all of our lives. We immediately picked her up, brought her back to West Vir-ginia, and into treatment. Fast forward. Thousands of dollars later on attorneys, doctors, rehab, she returns to Ohio to try to obtain her children. Relapsed. She began shooting heroin and then arrested. We let her sit in jail and picked her up on her release. Charges were dismissed. Back to West Virginia she comes, hospitalized for a week and rehab again. She has now been in recovery for 13 months. She fell in love with a nice, drug- free man, moved to Ohio to try to obtain custody of her children back, and is six months pregnant. One thing I can say is my daughter was always a good mother. Even while on active addiction, she worked and took care of them. As you can tell, both of our children be-came addicted to prescription drugs first. . . 
And they tell me this is exactly how it starts. It starts at a very young age. Recreational marijuana, prescription drugs out of your parents’ medicine cabinet, taking it to school, being the cool kid in school, sharing those drugs, then you begin using them, then you sell them. This is how it starts, and it leads to obtaining street drugs to feed their addiction. So it goes from occa-sional to recreational to addiction to feeding that addiction. 
This is a condensed version of course. As with any family dealing with addiction, it does not show the tears, the hurt, the finan-cial breakdown put on the family; (we are broke). 
Literally and figuratively. She says: I want to thank you for listening. Doctors keep prescribing pills, and they will tell you that they have had very little training in this area. As they go through all of their medical schools and advanced training, they get very little training on the effects these drugs have on human beings and the addiction. We took 1 billion pills off the market when we went from 90 days to 30 days of Vicodin and Lortab. We took that many pills off the market. That means 30 days. I have people in my office or in their families—and I know the Presiding Of-ficer does as well—who will go to the doctor for something where they may need pain relief for 1 or 2 days. Do you know what they get? They automati-cally get enough pills for 30 days. That is the path of least resistance. It is legal, they can do it, and the doctor will write a 30-day prescription. We are working on a bill that will be coming to the floor. We need to make a lot of changes to that bill, but most importantly, we need to make sure we have an agency in the Federal Govern-ment of the United States of America that is fighting to protect every Amer-ican. And it is not a business plan that we have to adhere to, not at all. These are good companies. They are legal pharmaceutical companies. They do an awful lot of good. I challenge every one of them that is listening to what we are talking about right now to give us pain relief without addiction to opioids. Do something. Break through the chemistry or something. It has to be there. We have been able to solve every other epidemic. We have been able to cure epidemics and pandemics, and now we have one that has been rav-aging our country for almost 30 years. I have Samantha’s story. She says: Hello. My name is Samantha Holbrooke. 
She wants you to know her name. 
I am from Fayette County, WV. I am a 28- year-old female. I have been an addict for the past 6 years. This letter is to explain to you how addiction has affected my life. It is also to express my view on drugs and what it is doing to our society. I first started drugs when I was 13 years old. I was a recreational marijuana user. My mother was an alcoholic and a drug addict. My father was not in the home or involved in my life. Unfortunately, that is true for many peo-ple around this country. My mother would allow me to drink with her and go to bars. I was often her designated driver, but I was only 13 years old. I got in my first and only bar fight at 13. It was with a 24-year-old woman. She thought I was com-ing on to her boyfriend. In reality, we were smoking weed, not trying to hook up. When I was 19, my oldest sister and mother introduced me to hydrocodone, Ritalin, Xanax, and Percocet. My sister and mother had no income; I did. By getting me on pills, they were able to get free pills by charging me to get them for them. By the time I was 22, I think I was snorting Oxycodone. 
Oxycodone is made in a single source, which is a powder form that is com-pressed. They would break it down, crush it, and snort it to get the quicker high. 
That became my drug of choice. I eventu-ally got in with a doctor who was pretty much a pill mill. 
We know we have them all over this country. 
He wrote me a prescription for Xanax and Oxycodone. I got even more strung out on those two. As a result of using drugs, I now have memory problems, concentration problems, and the list goes on and on. I lost about 30 pounds. I lost my job. I lost my home. I lost my child. I lost my fiance to suicide. He was drunk when he shot himself in the head. I be-lieve that had he not been drinking, he wouldn’t have taken his own life. As a result of these life-changing events, I became severely depressed. I then took the wrong road and began to use drugs intra-venously. I started lying and stealing. This led me to gain two felony charges and sev-eral other misdemeanors. I went to jail and prison and spent 2
1⁄2years locked up. I am now on DRC because I am on parole and had a relapse, which led to several bad decisions, and now I am paying the consequences. I am now in recovery. I am a recovering addict. I joined Narcotics Anonymous and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.046 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES948 February 23, 2016 
Alcoholics Anonymous. The classes and pro-gramming in prison helped me to think bet-ter. I now analyze a situation before making a decision. This is my story. Prescription drugs and all drugs have ruined a large percentage of the citizens of West Virginia’s lives. I am now in full control of my life again, thank the Lord. 
This story is anonymous, but they wanted to share it with us. 
I grew up in a nice home. My grandfather was a pastor. My dad grew up in church. My family went to church every Sunday. We had a nice house. We had nice cars. My mom didn’t have to work, and my dad took very good care of us. My dad had surgery, a common surgery to remove several large veins in his legs. This is where his addiction began. This is where he found his unlimited supply of numbness. I was in middle school, and this is when I remember things being different. Things were changing. My dad stayed out with his friends a lot. He wasn’t home for dinner any-more. When he was home, he was lying down sleepy and always said silly things. I would stay up late at night until he would get home, only to hear my mom and dad fight-ing, screaming, and my mom crying. Eventu-ally I hated to hear the garage door open be-cause I didn’t want him to come home. Be-fore my dad would take me to school, stand-ing in his business suit with his briefcase, he would scarf down pills out of a little orange bottle. He would tip it back like he was eat-ing a box of Nerds. I didn’t know any better. My naive, my innocent mind didn’t know what was happening. I couldn’t comprehend that a doctor could be his drug dealer! 
They couldn’t comprehend that be-cause we have been taught to trust doctors. 
Things got worse. I started finding bottles of liquor and cans of beer hidden, and I passed it off. The 3 empty beers in the back of his company car: Oh, they must be his ‘‘friends’’. No one in our family drinks, defi-nitely not my dad. 
I remember whole vacations, week-end trips, and afternoons ruined by his addiction. Mad fits of rage until one day my mom stood up and couldn’t take it anymore. My dad got the help he needed, but how did he get the help? In hiding, in private—a local rehab fa-cility. He was on a business trip. Our culture has stigmatized a group of peo-ple—a group of people who transcend race, status, gender—at the expense of their lives. This is a hidden killer. Drug abuse and drug addiction are hidden killers. So many of us have people in our fami-lies or close friends who don’t want to talk about it. They are ashamed, and so it gets covered up and hidden away. As a result, we don’t bring people out, let them know the effects, and cure them. She says: 
My dad was hurting. No, not from the wounds on his legs when he had his surgery but from depression and bipolar disorder. These are the roots of his addiction. They go hand in hand. When will we see this? When will we stop seeing addicts as a problem and see them as human beings and hurting? 
For the last 20 to 30 years, I have been in public life, and the Presiding Officer has been in public life a good bit. I always thought that anybody who fools with drugs is a criminal and should be put in jail. We have done that, and it hasn’t solved a thing. It has gotten a lot worse. We have to rethink this issue. This is not a crime. Addiction is basically an illness. It needs to have a cure, and treatment is that cure. We have to face that. Senate Republicans and Democrats are look-ing at how to fix the sentencing guide-lines, and I think it is encouraging and healthy for us to have these discus-sions. She says: Is it a selfish sickness? Of course it is. But how can we help them see the light when we push them aside? Because ‘‘they asked for it?’’ Just like a lady with skin cancer ‘‘asked for it’’ because she laid in a tanning bed? What if we treated addicts with the same compassion that we treat cancer patients? My father has been clean for almost a dec-ade, and the demons of his addiction still haunt us all. No, we weren’t homeless, nor did we have to face a death to be completely broken by this horrible epidemic, but I had a zombie for a father for my adolescence. I missed my childhood, years that we can never get back, memories that will never be erased, all because of a little orange pill bot-tle chased and hidden with a brown paper bag. Luckily, my story ends with a happy end-ing. I still have my dad. My story hasn’t ended up the way so many do every day, like my two friends who didn’t get help in time and passed away. 
I have stories from all over the coun-try, and they are pathetic. I have a couple more I can read from West Vir-ginia. I will go to different States. This is Erica’s story. She says: 
Hello, My name is Erica and I am an ad-dict. And I say that with great pride as I celebrated 10 years of recovery in November of 2015. I began using drugs here in West Virginia at the ripe age of 13. 
Thirteen seems to be that magic— adolescence. We are coming into ado-lescence. We are willing to experiment. We think we are invincible. We think nothing can harm us. 
Prescription drugs were easily accessible at that age and opened the door to 11 years of anguish, desperation, jails, and dirty nee-dles. I came from a stable, drug- and alcohol- free home, but I was able to gain access to prescription drugs from my peers and my local middle school and high school on a daily basis. As my disease progressed, I dropped out of high school my freshman year and continued to put myself and family through years of pain and suffering. I attempted drug replace-ment therapy to control my opioid addic-tion, but that was only a temporary solu-tion, and I eventually returned to drugs. Finally, I found myself in the court system and facing felony drug charges. It was then that I was able to find freedom through a 12- step fellowship. Today I can say I am a cum laude graduate of Marshall University, fully employed, homeowner, wife, and the mother of two wonderful West Virginia boys. I pray my children don’t follow the path that, not only myself, but many of my West Virginians fall into. The disease of addiction is progressive and fatal if not treated or pre-vented. 
Here in West Virginia, we are leading the Nation in drug overdoses. And where I live in Cabell County, we have had over 900 overdoses in just the year of 2015. As a mother, I must trust our leaders to make responsible choices to help us seek so-lutions, gain back our communities, and save our children from following the same deadly path. 
I know the FDA was so proud that they came out with some new guide-lines, and they said now they are going to start paying attention to the advi-sory committees. They didn’t say they would adhere to their recommenda-tions; they would just start paying at-tention to them. Also, the CDC—the Centers for Disease Control—put out some guidelines of how we should be prescribing, the knowledge we should have, how we should be administering, and what we should be doing to curb this drug abuse. And guess which agen-cy fought against that and put it on delay? The FDA. The only thing I ask all of my col-leagues to do is to please consider—just send a message with the vote you make tomorrow. It is not about the doctor at all. It is not about the person before us. It is about getting an advocate who will make a real change and make sure we fight this war. This story is another anonymous story: 
My brother is in his early 20s and was hired at the local plant that employs the majority of the county. He was injured on the job, saw his doctor, and was prescribed Lortab long term. 
Lortab, as I said before, is a schedule III, 90 days. You can keep calling it in, calling it in, and calling it in. 
As the effects from this started to wane, he was prescribed Xanax, Klonopin, and a vari-ety of other prescription medicines. He then lost his good-paying job but found other work at a lower pay after almost a year of unemployment. This prescription med addiction continued for years, and once laws finally cracked down on prescribing narcotics, it left him unable to get all the medicines he had pre-viously been prescribed. Once it became too expensive to buy them on the street, he turned to heroin. My fun-loving brother who was always at family functions, loved to be around his nieces and nephews, totally disappeared. I suspected that something more serious was going on, but he wouldn’t answer calls or texts. In August, I hadn’t seen him in several months. We have always been close. This was very unusual. I sent him a novel of a text since he wouldn’t take my phone calls con-fronting him over the rumors that I had heard of his heroin use. He denied it. A few short weeks later, I got a call from my mother that he was transported to the hospital by ambulance but discharged a few hours later for chest pain. He later told us he had gotten a bad batch of heroin and was certain he was dying. He told the EMS he had used that morning, as well as hospital staff. I still to this day don’t understand how someone can come in suffering from an overdose and be discharged a few hours later. 
People don’t have knowledge. They are not being trained in this horrible epidemic that we have in this country. 
NOTHING was mentioned to him about treatment or rehab and he was treated as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.048 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S949 February 23, 2016 
lesser person. I was worried before, but after this was in a constant state of fear that I would get a call that my 31-year-old brother was dead. In October, he called me to tell me yes he was a heroin addict, but a new treatment center had opened near his home and he wanted to get clean. He asked if I would go with him, and I said of course yes. His insurance wouldn’t cover a dime of this treatment. It would be all out of his pocket at $100 a day plus the cost of meds. For some-one working at a $30,000 or less a year job, paying for housing, utilities, food, (he never did receive public assistance)— 
He was too proud for that— 
this cost was more than he could do. Again I told him I would be there and pay for whatever he couldn’t. I convinced him he needed more of a support system than just me and he finally told our parents. We were we were raised in church and came from a large religious family. He was so ashamed of what he had become he didn’t want the fam-ily to know and the majority of them still don’t know to this day. 
I am hoping, as this letter was writ-ten anonymously, eventually he will share this with the family, maybe pre-venting other members from going down this road. 
He will tell them when he is ready. My mom and I went with him to his first ap-pointment at the suboxyne clinic, and one of us has been at every appointment since. It is wonderful—he has a session with a psychia-trist at every visit. It’s more than prescribing meds. They are doing the counseling to make sure their pa-tients get clean. I am proud to say that after only four months, not only is he clean but he has weaned off the suboxyne. He still goes for counseling and has the nurse’s cell that he can call 24 hours a day if he’s having a hard day. In the future he wants to tell his story and help others facing the same crisis. 
Madam President, I have been read-ing stories of people addicted all over the State of West Virginia. I have sto-ries from your State also, Madam President. I would like to read that for you. This is in New Hampshire—Sandown, NH. This is Kathleen’s story. I am sure she has sent you the same copy she sent me. She wants her name to be known. 
My name is Kathleen Stephens. I am a 56 year old RN, BSN, from Sandown, NH. I am currently the Director of Clinical Service at a nationwide hospice company. My story is much like thousands of others out there, pretty average, fairly normal. I have two children; a 33-year-old son who graduated with a degree in Mathematics from Boston University and a 31-year-old daughter who graduated with a psychology degree from As-sumption College. I myself have a Bachelor of Science and Nursing degree and my chil-dren’s father a Bachelor’s degree in business from Wharton School of Business in PA. I give you this detailed background for to you see that we are a well educated and success-ful family. We are a white, mid to upper mid-dle class who have always lived in a beau-tiful neighborhood surrounded by loving families whose children played outside, joined peewee soccer, little league, softball, basketball and girl scouts to name but a few. We were the home in the neighborhood where all the children loved to play. We took our children to drive in movies, camping, the beach, museums and always visited their grandparents. We were normal, that’s all, or what we perceived was normal. When speaking with our children now, they both recount wonderful childhoods and deem themselves ‘‘lucky.’’ Our house was filled with love. I hugged my kids all the time, never hesitated to demonstrate to or tell them how much I loved them. They had grandparents who were always around, who also demonstrated love for them. About 5 years ago, my daughter, and her boyfriend, an Intern at Tufts Medical School decided, after being together for 2 years that they would move to Sacramento. I was devastated inside but encouraged my daughter to follow her heart. Over the subsequent years, our communications went from daily to weekly to scattered. Each conversation seemed more distant than the last. We saw her an average of twice a year; most significantly, when we paid her expenses to come home for Christ-mas. Her boyfriend never came; he distanced himself from us almost immediately. I’m sure at this point you know the story. About 18 months ago I finally confronted my daughter asking what was wrong, seeing her go from a loving daughter to a distant per-son I no longer knew. Over the previous few years, she turned into a virtual stranger. I told her I loved her no matter what and that I would be there for her. At that time she de-nied any issue. A few weeks later she was in the hospital and called me. Apparently, she had hit bottom. She confided that she was a heroin addict. I was more than shocked. She had been in a substance free dorm in college, hated drinking, drugs and was pretty straight laced overall. I kept myself in check saying that no matter what I would support her, asked her to come home so we could help her. She confided that it started with a prescription for opioids that her boyfriend had shared with her. He was given one for back pain years before, got hooked and de-cided she might just like it. So, amazingly she did come home, but she went back a few months later. She then re-turned to get clean again and went back a few months later. She overdosed multiple times, of which I knew nothing until re-cently. Her boyfriend gave her IV heroin while she was in the hospital being treated for pneumonia to keep her habit going. He was the one, I found out later, that he shot her up because she hated doing it. He had de-veloped a hold on her that was a bond of her-oin high. I knew the drug had gotten her when, due to the stress of everything hap-pening, I ended up in the hospital ruling out a heart attack. She drove me there, dropped me off and went to get high (I found out later). I ended up being fine, stress of course, and she ended up going back home yet again. She stayed clean after going into a rehab, which kicked her out after 8 days because her insurance was declined. She then at-tended NA— 
Narcotics Anonymous— 
meetings almost daily and got a job that she loved. In the meantime, her boyfriend was found out through a ‘‘random’’ drug test and suspended. She was clean for 4 months, the happiest four months of my life. We spoke every few days, or texted. Her voice was truly hers again . . . her laughter, her ex-pressions, her humor. I felt she was finally back with us. She had left her boyfriend and went into a sober living home. Life was good and I was so grateful to have my daughter, my best friend, back. About 3 months into her sobriety she de-cided to reach out and try to get her boy-friend sober as well, the beginning of the end. At exactly month 4 she went to his house and he had a ‘‘surprise’’ for her. She was new in her sobriety, just once she said, and she fell back down the rabbit hole. I knew when she didn’t return my calls or texts that it was bad. But finally she re-sponded; she was back into it again, but she’d get out she promised. The next 8 months were a few weeks clean then back into drugs again. I did not send her money. Honestly, she never asked. She knew I’d never support her habit. Around Thanksgiving 2015 she had had it. She called me and said she wanted to get back into rehab and leave her boyfriend permanently. Her life was no longer worth living. Weeks of trying to get her into rehab went unsuccess-fully when we finally found Clean and Sober in Sacramento. At that point she was clean two weeks, had slowly packed up or sold her belongings and was ready for the break. But she had to sneak out to get away from her very controlling, manipulative partner; and she did. The happy part: She is today 60 days sober. She has a new job (She had been fired from the other one), which she loves. She blocked her boyfriend from her phone, her email and her facebook. She is the daughter, once again, that I know and love, but I love her regardless of the disease of addiction. Love the addict, hate the disease. And for right now I thank God, pray alot, and take it one day at a time. I have another one here I want to share with you. The thing I wanted to share, Madam President, is this: My State and your State have probably been hit as hard as any two States in the country. We have people coming to us all the time. We are fighting every way we can. We are introducing pieces of legislation. We are not worrying about who is Republican or Democrat. How can we help Americans—the beau-tiful people in New Hampshire, the wonderful people in West Virginia, who are facing more deaths, more disease, more destruction to the family? I want to share with you that when I first got elected—Senator Byrd had died in 2010. I was Governor of the State of West Virginia. I had to make a decision. I thought maybe I could come to Washington and help with the experiences I had and what I had seen in my State and times. We had chal-lenges. After I was elected to the Senate, I had gone back to Oceana, WV. At that time it had been called ‘‘Oxyana’’ be-cause drug use was so rampant in this beautiful town. I remembered this town because when I was a freshman in college, my roommate was from this town. It was the most beautiful town I had been in. They had everything. What a privilege it would have been to grow up in this beautiful town, but I could see many years later it was not the town I knew or remembered in my mind. I went to the middle school. These were all children in fifth to eighth grade. I tried to give pep talks. I wanted to get them involved and tell them how good they could be, how much we are counting on them, what they need to get a good education and contribute something back to society, and how fortunate and lucky they are to be in this little town. After I finished speaking—they were attentive and cooperative—there was a group of them. They asked: Can we talk to you privately? I will never for-get this. These were 12- and 13-year-old 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.050 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES950 February 23, 2016 
boys and girls. There had to be six or seven of them. I went in the back room and sat at a table. They started talking and telling me their stories. These were stories they had watched and were telling me. This was the first time I had ever heard from a child up close and personal who said: My dad worked at the mines. He had a back problem. He got hurt. They kept giving him pills. We lost our house. Mom and dad were fighting. They got divorced. We lost everything. I’ve got nothing now. My grandparents were watching me while I was trying to take care of us. My dad is an addict. I heard these stories from these five kids. They were all pleading. Now fast forward to the year 2015. I go back to the same school. These kids that were 12 years old are now seniors in high school. The same group wants to talk to me. They had lived a clean life, but I think about what they have gone through and what they have seen. Then I sit down with another group of 12- and 13-year-olds from the same area. They are telling me stories about how they are watching their lives be-fore them when they watch a boyfriend or a stepfather because the family had broken apart, the mother remarried or whatever, and the person that she is with is a drug addict. This little child watches her mother get shot up and killed because of the drugs the boy-friend shoots into the mother. Can you imagine a 12- or 13-year-old having to live with this and see this happen in their home? What we are asking is simply for the Food and Drug Administration to change, to be the watchdog to help us. They are supposed to protect us. They don’t say: I did my job. The pharma-ceutical company told me they made this drug, and this is the way it was made. This is what it was supposed to do. We checked it out. Everything is fine; leave it on the market. You are not looking at the welfare of the people. You know what it does. You know it is addictive. We have no treat-ment centers. We are doing nothing to treat this. We are not challenging these pharmaceutical companies who are good companies. They do a lot of good and put a lot of products out there that are very good, but they are bringing these opiates on the market quicker than ever before, more power-ful than ever before, and they know what is going to happen. I am challenging all of them. I think the FDA should challenge them. We are not going to approve more opiates. We are not going to let you bring on the market stronger opiates that we know are addictive and will ruin people’s lives. If they will do that and challenge these companies to come out with new research and development that can sci-entifically give us relief needed for peo-ple who have chronic pain without making them addicts who lose their lives—we should be able to do that in this great country. I am going to read you a story from Kentucky, my next door neighbor, the majority leader’s home—Kentucky and West Virginia. This is Emily from Louisville, KY. 
My name is Emily Walden. I am a mother who lost my 21-year-old son to a drug over-dose in 2012. My son TJ came from a good family, was a member of the Kentucky Na-tional Guard and the most respectful young man you could have ever met. TJ made an initial poor decision that led to an addiction to the drug Opana; he had unlimited access to this drug during that time. TJ did not want to die from this. He tried very hard to overcome his addiction and I tried very hard to save his life. I started researching the drug Opana about five years ago and would like to share with you what I have learned that illustrates the need for changes to our FDA policies and approval processes for all opioid drugs. The drug Opana contains the opioid Oxymorphone which was removed from the market in 1979 due to the overdose deaths and addiction this drug was causing across our country. In 2002, the FDA started holding IMMPACT meetings every year allowing pharma-ceutical companies to pay money to be in-cluded in discussions and changes to clinical trials, design. We call that pay to play—the impact it has because they are able to go to these types of settings and get absolute front row seats with the people they are trying to persuade to take another look at these drugs that might have been taken off the market be-cause they were deemed too dangerous. This is allowed to go on. It has been going on for far too long, and the FDA is part of it. This is part of the change that needs to be made and made immediately. Endo Pharmaceuticals, the manufacturer of Opana, attended each one of these ‘‘pay- to-play’’ meetings. In 2003, Endo Pharmaceuticals brought the drug Opana to the FDA for approval and was denied due to the overdoses that occurred during the clinical trials. In 2006, Endo Pharmaceuticals again brought the drug Opana to the FDA for ap-proval but this time using new clinical trial that applied a modified process, called ‘‘En-riched Enrollment,’’ which removed patients with preexisting opiate sensitivities from the trial. The Enriched Enrollment process skews results and seriously underestimates risks associated with the proposed drug in-volved in the clinical trial. In addition, the FDA ignored their own review guidance by bypassing their advisory committee and ap-proved Opana for moderate to severe pain. At the time Opana was approved, our coun-try was already experiencing an explosion of overdose deaths and addiction from the over-prescribing and misrepresentation of the safety of opiates. In addition to causing thousands of deaths and addiction, the ap-proved use of Opana has now been directly implicated in an outbreak of Hepatitis C and HIV cases in the State of Indiana. The FDA has continued to use Enriched Enrollment— 
Or pay to play— 
to approve new opiates and override or by-pass altogether their advisory committee for new opiate approvals and for new uses of opi-ates further contributing to the overdose deaths and addiction. These process changes must stop. The year after my son died I traveled to Washington DC for the first time in my life and was very fortunate to be able to meet with the then Senate Minority Leader— 
Now Senate majority leader— 
Senator McConnell, the next year I had nine meetings which included a meeting with then acting Director Botticelli of ONDCP, DEA Administrator Michelle Leonhart and seven meetings with Senator’s staff. In 2015 I had thirteen meetings scheduled. I am not going away! We need change to curb this hor-rible epidemic that started with prescribed opiates and the mistakes that were made need to be corrected. How many people have to die? How many more people have to become addicted? The FDA is sending the wrong message to physi-cians by continuing to approve opioids dur-ing the worst drug epidemic our country has ever faced. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). The Senator’s postcloture time has expired. Mr. MANCHIN. I ask unanimous con-sent to continue. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MANCHIN. Thank you, Madam President. 
The FDA is supposed to be protecting pub-lic health and yet over 200,000 people have died and they have failed to put appropriate restrictions on these dangerous drugs to pre-vent overdose deaths. I want to know why there is one death from something such as ecoli and every head of lettuce is pulled from the shelves in ten different states but opioids have killed thousands of people and they are considered safe and effective? How can that be? When is the FDA going to put human life before the paychecks of Big Pharma? What will it take? A million deaths? We need an FDA commissioner that will protect the citi-zens of this country that is willing to take the overall best interest of public safety into consideration and not allow the pharma-ceutical companies to have him in their back pockets. My son TJ had a lifelong dream of joining the military and fighting for his country. He would have given his life to pro-tect and serve. He was one of the most patri-otic young men and his country failed him. Please do the right thing. Please do not let one more mother get a knock on her door saying their child is gone and that they will never [ever] come home [again]. There is no greater pain than burying your child! My son, my precious child with the most beau-tiful blue eyes, caring and loving heart, died in part by the greed of big Pharma and— 
Most importantly— 
the carelessness of the FDA. It is time for change! 
Another story from Kentucky. This is in Northern Kentucky and this is Kimberly’s story. 
My name is Kimberly Wright. I am a [mother from Northern Kentucky] who works in the trenches to save the lives of people in my Community. NKY was hit by a pill epidemic around 2000. That pill Epidemic has now turned into a Heroin Epidemic. Since 2013 the death toll continues to climb. In 2015 we have had 1,168 overdose reverses. We still await the number of deaths. Our en-tire system is on the verge of collapse—our Courts, Police, Children’s Services, Jails. Our jails currently have 99% Heroin and Pill cases housed in the jails. Our Treatment sys-tem is seriously strained with not 1 new bed added in the last 10 years since this epidemic started. We are in a War in [Northern Ken-tucky]. Every day we wait to see how many died that day. We have people getting in their cars driving high on pills and Heroin wrecking into innocent people and killing them. This is the United States of America and this is a shame. We allow the FDA and Big Pharma to profit off the deaths of an en-tire generation of young people. We are in ef-fect losing 2 jumbo jets full of kids every day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.051 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S951 February 23, 2016 
in America due to Pills and Heroin. We need help. We are begging for help to stop this madness. Our American families are losing our children at an alarming rate to overpre-scribing Drs and Big Pharma. We beg you, please help us stop this. I lost my sister Alicia Cook on October 26, 2010, to an overdose. Alicia was a nurse with 2 young daughters. This Epidemic has no boundaries and it’s in every community in the Country. Northern Kentucky has the highest rates of HEPC, surpassing the Na-tional Level, due to heroin and pills being in-jected. We have a high rate of homeless chil-dren due to their parents being dead or drug addicted with no end in sight. We have 52% of grandparents raising their grandchildren due to death and addiction. This is a night-mare for parents. When our children were born we could have never imagined this would be our life. You don’t sleep at night from the anxiety of wondering if you are the next parent to get that call that your child has overdosed. It’s like being in a constant panic attack. It’s not normal to grieve the loss of a child who is alive, for they are truly lost. I [know lots of] parents who have lost their child and I can’t imagine their pain and grief. I grieve for my addicted 26-year-old daughter who is in the fight of her life [be-cause of] her Addiction. I watch her destroy-ing herself every day. I don’t want to join the mothers who have lost their child to this Epidemic. I know how I suffer now and I just can’t go there. I will continue to fight for my community. Will you [please] join me? 
That is Arlene’s story. Indiana is one of the States that has been hit so hard also. This is Danielle’s story from Southern Indiana. 
My name is Danielle McCowan. I live in southern Indiana and work as a server. About 2 and a half years ago a customer by the name of Josh Harvey left me his number. At the time he told me he was living in Chi-cago for school. Little did I know he was in rehab there. Granted, I didn’t know about his addiction for over a year because we hadn’t stayed in constant contact. Over a year or so ago I found out about his heroin addiction. He still told me little about it. I do know it started out with prescription pills and later went to heroin when the pills became harder to get. He served a month in jail in Michigan for the entire month of this past July over a heroin related charge. He came home imme-diately after and overdosed that same week-end. Luckily, his dad saved him that time. Now he got enrolled in college and was going to an outpatient program doing better. Or so we all thought. School let out for break and I guess it all went downhill. He came to me on November the 4th telling me he had used a couple of times and wanted my advice. I suggested an in-patient program. He went to Wellstone after he left my house. He sat for several hours and finally was given a room. I went and checked on him 2 different times while he waited to make sure he was there. Thursday I didn’t receive any calls. Friday nothing either. Then Saturday morning, the 7th of November, his mother called me to break my heart. He had passed away that Friday, the 6th, over in Louisville and didn’t know who to contact until that Saturday morning, I guess. He had checked himself out of Wellstone, broke into his house, took his Xbox which he later either pawned or traded for heroin. Never in a million years did I think I’d become close to anybody addicted to heroin. It doesn’t discriminate. It can get ahold of any and everybody. Never in my life have I been so depressed or heartbroken. All I want is his story shared. He was my happy ending gone away too soon. 
They continue. They continue on, these stories, the heartaches and the lives destroyed, lives changed. Few too many lives are saved. Massachusetts. As the Presiding Offi-cer knows, Senator MARKEY has been working with me very closely and all of us on this horrible epidemic that we have. This is Sara’s story. She is from Amherst, MA. 
My nuclear family is middle class or the working poor, but it is blended in that I was raised by my mother and step-dad, but my bio father’s side of the family would be con-sidered well-off. Heroin first came to my radar after my brother Donny became ad-dicted to pain pills after surgery, and heroin followed suit after RX’s stopped. Then it seemed like it was everywhere around me: my nephew, my niece. Then we lost my cous-in Cory, who passed in a sober house for his addiction to alcohol, along with a needle and an empty bag next to him. Cory is an exam-ple of a young man institutionalized by mul-tiple incarcerations and just when he would try to lift himself up, in he would go again. He was trying to get clean for his girlfriend and unborn child when he passed away, and he was happy, thinking he was getting bet-ter. Living with someone close who struggles and then multiply that by two, and adoles-cence, young adulthood mixed in, and you have my descent as an empathetic aunt who felt powerless to change anything. Then the bottom dropped out. My cousin, John Ahern, passed at the end of August after a long period of recovery alone in the woods. It didn’t matter he came from privi-lege or was the nicest person I had every known in my life for so long. He leaves be-hind three loving sons. They both couldn’t access the help they needed at various stages, including recovery, and died alone. It is my mission to stand up for them and the young people like my niece who began her struggle at 14, and now approaching 18 has some clean time. There are no support programs in my community for this age group, and especially for non-White young people like my niece and nephew. They are both of Latino descent. Please do something. 
People are begging us everywhere in this country to help them, and basi-cally it starts with treating this as an illness and not as a crime. It starts also with having clinics, having basic places where we can serve them and help them get clean. They cannot do it by themselves, and they are the first to tell you. The stories I am reading here exemplify that so well. I have a Florida story here, and Flor-ida has also been ravaged. Florida was a problem that we had in West Virginia because of the pill mills there. People would take the bus down or they could take a cheap flight down to Florida, buy all the pills they could and come back. Florida has been very helpful in the last years trying to stop the pill epidemic. This is Janet from Fort Lauderdale. 
Dear Senator Manchin. I appreciate you taking the time to stop the appointment of Dr. Califf from becoming the FDA commis-sioner. I founded STOPPnow—Stop the Orga-nized Pill Pushers now—due to all the drug- addicted babies I was caring for as a neo-natal intensive care nurse at a children’s hospital in Broward County, FL. We started holding protests in front of the 150 pill mills that were in Broward County alone. Many parents came out to protest with us. Parents from all over the country contacted us as well. Too many parents are crying them-selves to sleep over the loss of their child. At first, there were no consequences for ei-ther the clinic owner or the doctor. Then they started arresting the doctors for money laundering. Our State’s attorney has called the doctors drug dealers in white coats. The Board of Medicine is not protecting the pub-lic by allowing high-prescribing doctors to keep their license. Therefore, the plight of the drug-addicted babies and the devastation to the families continues to rise. When one clinic owner was arrested, he was earning $150,000 a day. I repeat, $150,000 a day. 
Not one doctor in that clinic to date has lost his license or his practice. We only have the judicial system helping to alleviate this in Florida. Doctors are now being charged with first-degree murder. It would be kinder for a doctor to lose his li-cense than to sit in a courtroom at their own murder trial. We have been unsuccessful in our efforts for lawmakers to mandate that prescribers use the prescription drug monitoring pro-gram in Florida. Yet in this environment, there is a bill passing through the commit-tees allowing nurse practitioners and physi-cian assistants to prescribe narcotics with-out a doctor signing off on the order. I would support this bill if they included the man-date. And, of course, the FDA approved that children as young as 11 years old can be pre-scribed OxyContin. We definitely need an in-vestigation. 
Madam President, as you can see, these are problems that we have all over the country. This is not just your State and not just my State. I know it is hard. They say we need someone in there, so let’s just go ahead and con-firm Dr. Califf. Dr. Califf is an honor-able man. He is still there. He is going to be there. He has been there for 1 year. In the 1 year that he has been there, we have basically put more opi-ate drugs on the market without even going through a clinical overview. If that change were going to come, it would have come by now. I am sure he could have had input, and I would hope that he would. Dr. Califf has called a lot of our col-leagues and said that these changes will be coming. This Senator will tell you the changes they recommended when they said they were going to make changes. They said: We are going to make sure that we are going to start listening to our staff and people who are reviewing these drugs. They are going to listen to them, but there is no mandate that they will have to follow. This Senator has a piece of legisla-tion that the Presiding Officer coau-thored, and I appreciate that very much. Basically what we are saying is this: When you have your advisory committee—and every drug must go through an advisory committee’s opin-ion, and if they recommend as they did with Zohydro to not let it go on the market, that cannot be bypassed, ne-glected, or pushed aside. Our bill would basically state that they must bring it to the people’s representatives in Con-gress and state why it is so very impor-tant for them to bring this new high- powered drug to the market—as if we don’t have enough. The United States has 5 percent of the world’s population but consumes 80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.053 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES952 February 23, 2016 
percent of these addictive opiate drugs. Something is wrong. Something must change. I thank the Presiding Officer for al-lowing me to be able to read the letters of people who have been affected by this all over this great country in all of our States. I know we feel the pain, and we are going to try to make these changes and make sure this agency will do what it is supposed to do. I yield the floor. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA  
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, first of all, I want to take a moment to honor the life and service of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia was a dedicated public servant who gave so many years to our courts and our country. He and I didn’t agree on every issue, but his intellect, passion, and commitment were unques-tionable. I know he will be missed, and the thoughts and prayers of Wash-ington State families go out to his family. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Madam President, people across the country are now looking at what is happening here in Congress, and they are frustrated. They look at the many challenges we face as a Nation, and they want Democrats and Republicans to work together to tackle them to make sure our government is func-tioning and that it is working for all of our families, not just the wealthy and few. Madam President, I share that frus-tration. We have been able to get things done when Democrats and Re-publicans work together to break through the gridlock. That shouldn’t end just because it is an election year. It certainly should not end when it comes to one of our most important roles here in the Senate, working with the President to evaluate and confirm judges for the highest court in our land. The Supreme Court plays such an im-portant role in protecting the rights, liberties, and responsibilities of all Americans. Over the years the Court has made decisions that have moved our country in the right direction, and it has made decisions that have set us back. When the Court can do its work, it offers certainty to people across the country when it comes to their rights as workers or as patients or as con-sumers or as women or as citizens. At its best, it helps our judicial system rise above politics, above partisanship, and above the spats and sniping of the moment. In order to do that, the Court must have a full bench. It cannot have vacancies leading to potential dead-locks at every turn. That is why I was so disappointed that hours after Justice Scalia passed away, Republican leaders jumped out of the gate to say they would not allow the vacancy to be filled while Presi-dent Obama was still in office. Right away—before the Nation had a chance to take in and mourn the loss of a Su-preme Court Justice, a man who seri-ously believed in the Constitution—Re-publican leaders injected politics and partisanship into a process that should be about our obligations as Americans. The Constitution is very clear. Let me take a moment to read from it di-rectly. In article II, which clearly defines the powers of the President, section 2 states that ‘‘he shall nominate and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court and all other Officers of the United States.’’ Madam President, this could not be more explicit. The President ‘‘shall nominate’’ and shall appoint with ‘‘the Advice and Consent of the Senate’’— not shall nominate in the first 3 years, not shall nominate unless the Senate leadership wants to keep the seat open for a while. The President ‘‘shall nomi-nate.’’ That is his responsibility. Then it is our responsibility in the Senate to consider, advise, and ulti-mately help make sure that the va-cancy is filled with a qualified person. Of course, the Senate has the right to weigh in with our advice and consent. It is our job to vet nominees sent to us by the President, to make sure they are qualified for the job, and to deter-mine if they meet the basic standards of honesty, ethics, qualifications, and fairness. Personally, this Senator will want to evaluate if they will be inde-pendent, evenhanded in deciding cases, and if they will uphold our rights and liberties, including the critical right to privacy. Republican leaders are not objecting to a person; they are objecting to this President being allowed to do his job. That is not advice and consent; it is po-liticize and obstruct. Republicans say there is a precedent to stall on Supreme Court nominations in the last year of a President’s term. That is not true. President Reagan had Justice Kennedy confirmed with a unanimous vote in a Democratic Sen-ate in his last year in office. Since 1975, the average number of days from nomination to final Senate vote is about 70 days. So this kind of obstruction and partisanship is abso-lutely wrong. People across the coun-try will not stand for it, and I hope our Republican leaders will back down and do the right thing because evaluating and confirming Supreme Court Jus-tices is one of the most important roles we have in the U.S. Senate. In fact, it is this issue that actually pushed me to run for the Senate in the first place. Back in 1991 I was a State senator, a former school board mem-ber, a mom. Like so many people at that time, I watched the Clarence Thomas confirmation hearings. For days I watched in frustration. I couldn’t believe this nominee wasn’t pushed on the issues that I and so many others thought were so impor-tant to our country. I didn’t feel the Members on that committee rep-resented the full spectrum of perspec-tives, and I decided then and there to run for the U.S. Senate to give Wash-ington State families a voice. Now, as a U.S. Senator, I want my questions answered. I want to make sure my constituents have a seat at the table and I get to push nominees for the highest Court in the land on the issues I care about most, but I can’t do that if Republicans play election-year politics and don’t even allow us to have that debate. The American people will not have a voice, the Court will be dys-functional for a year longer, and Re-publicans will have politicized a proc-ess that should be above this sort of petty partisanship. Many Republicans may not want to hear this, but Barack Obama is still President Obama for almost a full year more. This Senator is hopeful that Re-publicans will step back from this very dangerous and very partisan path they are on and work with us to consider and confirm a nominee in a reasonable timeframe. Families across the country deserve to have a functioning Supreme Court and a Congress that works well enough to allow this to happen. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here now for the 128th time to urge that we wake up to the ugly changes that carbon pollution is wreaking on our climate. It is happening all around us, and it is happening right now, not in some far-off future. As humans we are terrestrial beings. We live on the land. So naturally we pay more attention to the experience where we live—things such as increas-ing average temperatures on the land and changes in extreme weather when it hits the land. We don’t so much pay attention to what is happening in our warming and acidifying oceans. The oceans are a big deal in climate change. For decades the oceans have absorbed more than 90 percent of the excess heat trapped in the atmosphere by greenhouse gas emissions. Of all the different places the excess heat goes, 93 percent is into the oceans. What we see in the atmosphere—the temperature changes we have already measured, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.054 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S953 February 23, 2016 
changes we are seeing in our habitat and what is happening to the western forest—all of that is less than the re-maining 7 percent. A study published in the journal Na-ture Climate Change found that the oceans have absorbed as much energy just since 1997 as they had in the pre-ceding 130 years—as much in 20 years, less than 20 years, as they had in the preceding 130 years. According to an Associated Press write-up of the study’s findings, ‘‘Since 1997, Earth’s oceans have absorbed man-made heat energy equivalent to a Hiroshima-style bomb being exploded every second for 75 straight years.’’ That is the energy load of heat that has gone into our oceans—a Hiroshima- style bomb exploded every second for 75 straight years. What does all that ex-cess energy mean for the oceans? It means that sea levels are rising, in part due to melting glaciers but also because of expanding ocean water. It is basic physics, explained by the prin-ciple of thermal expansion. When the ocean warms, it expands. It can’t go down, so it comes up along our shores. We have measured sea level rise in Rhode Island since 1930. Since then, the water level is up nearly 10 inches at the tide gauge at Naval Station Newport, and rates of sea level rise are on the in-crease worldwide. Since 1993, global sea level has risen at a rate approximately double the average rate observed through the 20th century. It is accel-erating. Current forecasts confirm that if we do nothing to curb greenhouse gas emissions over the next decades, the oceans could rise as much as 3 or 4 feet by 2100. Our State coastal management agency predicts that we could see as much as 7 feet of sea level rise in the Ocean State, in Rhode Island, by the end of the century. I hope my col-leagues understand that when I come to do this, I am deadly serious about things that are predicted to happen in my State. This week, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences reported that global sea levels are rising at their fastest rate in nearly 3,000 years. That study also estimates that about half of the 20th century sea level rise would not have occurred without glob-al warming. The lead author, Dr. Robert Kopp, an earth scientist at Rutgers University, explained in the New York Times: 
Physics tells us that sea-level change and temperature change should go hand-in-hand. This new geological record confirms it. 
Sea level rise matters to my con-stituents and to all coastal commu-nities. A related study, led by Dr. Rob-ert Strauss, found that approximately three-quarters of the tidal flood days now occurring in towns along the east coast are a result of the rise in sea level caused by human emissions. For example, looking at tide gauge data, 32 flood days were recorded in the decade from 1955 to 1964 at Annapolis, MD, and 34 flood days were recorded in that same period for Charleston, SC. In one decade, there were 32 flood days in An-napolis and 34 flood days in Charleston. Scroll forward to the decade 2005 to 2014, and the number of flood days in Annapolis jumps to 394 from 32—in one decade—and 219 flood days were re-corded in Charleston. Sea level rise brings coastal erosion, and it brings saltwater inundation of coastal marshes and habitats. It ampli-fies the effects of storm surge and flooding as storms ride ashore on high-er seas. It changes flood zones and af-fects flood insurance for homeowners. These are real problems, and they are serious problems. Dr. Strauss explains in a New York Times article this week: It’s not the tide. It’s not the wind. It’s us. 
The main culprit is carbon dioxide building up in the atmosphere, which again in 2015 reached new record levels. To put a little context on this, for as long as human beings have inhabited planet Earth, we have existed safely in a range between 170 and 300 parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmos-phere. Unfortunately, we broke beyond 300 parts per million early last century, and we haven’t looked back. We have now exceeded 400 parts per million. Among its harms, this excess carbon dioxide has a particularly damaging chemical effect on our oceans. Oceans, in addition to absorbing 90 percent of the heat, I pointed out, are absorbing about 30 percent of the carbon diox-ide—it goes right into the oceans— roughly 600 gigatons since preindustrial times. As all that carbon is absorbed into the oceans, it changes the oceans’ chemistry. It makes the oceans more acidic. The chemical reac-tion is simple, but the effects on the ocean are serious. This chart shows ocean pH—or acid-ity—over the past 25 million years, and we can see some variation across those millions of years. This is what is pro-jected for the next 100 years: pH drops equals acidity rises. According to a research article pub-lished in the journal Nature Geo-science, the rate of change in ocean acidity is already faster than at any time recorded in the past 50 million years. Scientists go back and they can see this in the geologic record. We have broken every record for 50 million years—millions of years before human beings were ever on the planet. This all may sound esoteric, but it has real hometown consequences for Rhode Island, where coastal life defines our heritage, our culture, and our econ-omy. Fishing is big business in my State. Rhode Island’s annual farmed oyster production, for instance, is val-ued at over $5 million. But carbon pol-lution is changing the very chemistry in which those oysters must survive. Research on the effects of ocean acidification on shellfish and other ma-rine life can barely keep up with a rap-idly acidifying ocean—another reason we need more money for research. Change is coming at us faster. We have to speed up the pace of research to un-derstand it. But what we do know is that shellfish, such as mussels, clams, and oysters, make their shells from calcium carbonate, and calcium car-bonate dissolves in acidified seawater. Here is how Bob Rheault, executive director of the East Coast Shellfish Growers Association, put it: The only thing we know for sure is that the larvae, in that first 48-hour period before they start feeding, are tremendously suscep-tible to dissolution. Their energy budget goes negative because they haven’t started to feed yet, and if they haven’t got enough energy in that egg and they’re starting to dissolve, then it takes extra energy to lay down shell, and they sometimes don’t make it. 
Here we see normal, healthy oyster larvae in those first few crucial days of development, compared to larvae grow-ing in more acidic ocean water. NOAA scientists have projected that the world’s oceans and coastal estu-aries will become 150 percent more acidic by 2100. This could mean disaster for shellfish—a $1 billion industry around the country. U.S. shellfish pro-duction is currently expected to see a 10- to 25-percent reduction in the next five decades, according to the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute. Again, pardon me for being serious about this, but it is currently predicted that a major industry in my State is going to be knocked down 10 to 25 percent be-cause we are making our oceans acidic with carbon pollution. A study published last year found that Rhode Island’s shellfish popu-lations are especially vulnerable. Mark Gibson is the deputy chief of marine fisheries at the Rhode Island Depart-ment of Environmental Management, and he calls ocean acidification a ‘‘sig-nificant threat’’ to local fisheries. I don’t know how many Senators are ex-pected to forget or ignore a significant threat to an industry in their home State because it is inconvenient for lobbyists and for the fossil fuel indus-try, but I don’t think that is a fair thing to ask of me. But acidification is not the only problem for fishermen. In a 2015 survey from the Center for American Progress, 40 percent of fishermen in the North-east reported catching new fish species they don’t usually see in the waters they fish. Rhode Islanders are starting to catch tarpon and grouper, usually tropical fish; our valuable winter floun-der fishery is virtually gone; and our lobstermen have to go farther and far-ther out to sea to find cooler waters where they can catch their lobsters. Among the fishermen surveyed, 80 percent of those who noticed ‘‘warmer water temperatures’’ attribute it to climate change. This is new. When I first got to the Senate, if I went down to Galilee—Rhode Island’s largest fish-ing port—and tried to talk to the fish-ermen there about climate change or ocean acidification, I was lucky if they didn’t throw me off the pier. They didn’t want to hear about it. But then it started to hit home. Now fishermen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.056 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES954 February 23, 2016 
come to me and say: S HELDON , it is get-ting weird out there. S
HELDON , this is not my grandfather’s ocean any longer. These are men who fished with their grandfathers, who fished with their fa-thers, and who now have their own boats. They know these waters, and when they say that the ocean has changed and it is getting weird out there, we should listen. They are on the water every day, and they see these changes happen before their very eyes. I hope my Republican colleagues are like those fishermen. I am sure some of them probably want to throw me off a pier for all these talks, but mostly they probably just don’t want to hear about climate change. But what I am hoping is that soon they will hear it from the fishermen in their own States, or their farmers or their for-esters, and that they will hear it from their State health officials, their State emergency officials, their own State universities, and they will listen. When they do, they will realize the fossil fuel industry has been duplicitous with them and has been leading them away from their own State’s best interests. They will learn that the fossil fuel in-dustry lobbyists are false friends as well as greedy ones. We have a clear scientific under-standing of the problem. Yet relentless fossil fuel opposition prevents us from moving toward a solution. It is a dis-grace, frankly. It is time to pay attention to reality, to the evidence, to what our farmers and foresters, and, yes, our fishermen are telling us. It is time to shut off the toxic polluter-paid politics that cloud this issue and give Washington a dirty name. It is time, indeed, to wake up. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO ALEE LOCKMAN  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise to recognize Alee Lockman. Alee Lockman is the pride of Brock-ton, MT. In fact, Alee grew up on her family’s wheat farm 10 miles north of Brockton in eastern Montana. Alee is also the pride of Froid High School, a classic high school in Montana. She was the valedictorian of a graduating class size of six. Alee graduated from Froid High School and went on to Har-vard and graduated in 2010. Alee Lockman also served as my communications director for the past 3 years. She came back to Washington when I was elected to the House and served on my team there. She worked on my campaign staff as well when we ran for the U.S. Senate. And thanks to Alee’s tireless work and strong work ethic, we were able to win that race, and she came over to the Senate side and served as my communications di-rector there for the past year-plus. She played an absolutely invaluable role in my office. She is a brilliant, creative thinker who has a talent un-paralleled. I will never forget our road trips across Montana. There were times when we would spend countless hours in a small, little compact car—I am used to driving my big Ford pickup— that we would rent and literally drive thousands of miles across Montana and visit all the small towns. Nobody was a greater advocate for rural Montana issues—somebody who lived it and breathed it her entire life— than Alee Lockman. In fact, one of the best nights of the month was our monthly tele-townhall meeting, where tens of thousands of Montanans would know Alee’s voice because she would always introduce me. I always took pride in announcing: ‘‘You just heard from Alee Lockman from Brockton, MT.’’ I could always count on her to pro-vide wisdom and much needed insight, particularly when it came to my pro-lific social media feeds. Sometimes Alee would place guardrails around what I probably should or should not be saying. We are going to miss Alee Lockman. Alee has gone on to pursue a great, new opportunity, which I am very excited about for her, and I wish her the very best. I wish to thank Alee Lockman for her service to the people of Montana, to this Nation, and to this institution. You are going to be missed, Alee, and we wish you the best of luck in your fu-ture endeavors. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ENSURING PATIENT ACCESS AND EFFECTIVE DRUG ENFORCEMENT ACT Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to discuss S. 483, the Ensuring Pa-tient Access and Effective Drug En-forcement Act, which the Judiciary Committee reported out by voice vote right before we went into recess. At the outset, I would like to thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his important work on this bill. He and his staff have been crucial partners in helping to move this legislation forward. S. 483 will bring much-needed clarity to several key provisions of the Con-trolled Substances Act. In particular, it will better delineate the standards a company must satisfy in order to ob-tain a Controlled Substances Act reg-istration and the circumstances under which a registration may be suspended without an adjudicative proceeding. To elaborate briefly on this second point, under the terms of the Con-trolled Substances Act, the Attorney General may suspend a registration to manufacture or distribute controlled substances without court process if she determines there is an imminent dan-ger to the public health and safety, but the Controlled Substances Act does not define what constitutes an imminent danger. S. 483 clarifies the Attorney General’s authority under this provi-sion by specifying that imminent dan-ger means that, ‘‘due to failure of the registrant to maintain effective con-trols against diversion or otherwise comply with the obligations of a reg-istrant under this title or title III, there is a substantial likelihood of an immediate threat that death, serious bodily harm, or abuse of a controlled substance will occur in the absence of an immediate suspension of the reg-istration.’’ It is the intent of the bill authors that the phrase ‘‘substantial likelihood of an immediate threat that death, se-rious bodily harm, or abuse of a con-trolled substance will occur’’ include situations where evidence of diversion indicates there is a substantial likeli-hood that abuse of a controlled sub-stance will occur—that is it is the in-tent of the authors that this language authorize the Attorney General to issue an immediate suspension order in cases where evidence of diversion points to a substantial likelihood of abuse, provided the other conditions for issuing such an order are met. In addition to these important clari-fications, S. 483 will also facilitate greater collaboration between reg-istrants and relevant Federal actors in combatting prescription drug abuse. In particular, the bill provides a mecha-nism for companies who inadvertently violate the Controlled Substances Act to submit a corrective action plan to remediate the violation before their registration is suspended and the sup-ply of drugs to patients is interrupted. This provision will encourage greater self-reporting of violations and pro-mote joint efforts between government and private actors to stem the tide of prescription drug abuse. It will also help ensure that supply chains remain intact for legitimate uses such as the alleviation of pain and illness. S. 483 takes a balanced approach to the problem of prescription drug abuse. It clarifies and further defines the At-torney General’s enforcement powers while seeking to avoid situations that may lead to an interruption in the sup-ply of medicine to suffering patients. It reflects a measured, carefully nego-tiated compromise between stake-holders and law enforcement that will enable both to work together more ef-fectively. I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE  again for his work on this bill and urge my colleagues to give it their strong support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.058 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S955 February 23, 2016 
VOTE EXPLANATION Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for yesterday’s vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, so I could attend the funeral service for Police Officer Jason Moszer with the city of Fargo, ND, who lost his life in the line of duty. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion. 
f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, we have witnessed in this administration Executive overreach with increasing boldness. One manifestation of Execu-tive overreach is the shocking indiffer-ence with which departmental agencies spurn the congressionally mandated rulemaking processes in favor of regu-lating under the guise of ‘‘guidance documents.’’ Guidance documents in their proper form advise the public of their obligations under existing law and, therefore, merely interpret the law without imposing any additional obligation. Agencies are quick to echo that guidance documents do not have the force and effect of law; yet govern-mentwide, agencies increasingly have used guidance as an end-run around the rulemaking process in violation of Fed-eral law. The Department of Education’s Of-fice for Civil Rights is such an offender. Their guidance documents, including Dear Colleague letters on harassment and bullying, issued October 23, 2010, and sexual violence, issued April 4, 2011, purport to merely interpret title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, yet advance troublesome policies not contemplated by the text of title IX or its implementing regulations. I appreciate the fact that these guid-ance documents predated Mr. King’s service at the Department of Edu-cation, and I do not assert that he had any role in developing or issuing the letters. However, in a letter dated Jan-uary 7, 2016, I asked him to clarify his role as Acting Secretary, in no uncer-tain terms, that the policies expounded in the 2010 and 2011 letters not required by the terms of title IX cannot be grounds for any adverse action. To my disappointment, his response failed to do so. Mr. King should commit to use the office of the Secretary to rein in the regulatory abuses within the Department of Education and en-courage his Cabinet counterparts to do the same. Until such time as such com-mitments are made, I intend to object to his nomination. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to offer a few words remembering Asso-ciate Justice Antonin Scalia of the Su-preme Court. America has lost a legal giant and tireless defender of the Con-stitution. Justice Scalia dedicated his life to his country and the rule of law. His passing is a significant loss for the Court and the United States. Few Associate Justices of the Su-preme Court capture the attention of both lawyers and non-lawyers like Jus-tice Scalia has throughout his career. Antonin Scalia used wit, humor, and colorful writing to captivate Ameri-cans in his judicial opinions and edu-cational talks. Justice Scalia also felt strongly about protecting the rights of the individual and did so in monu-mental opinions interpreting the First, Second, Fourth, and Sixth Amend-ments. In the immediate days fol-lowing his passing, I received substan-tial correspondence from Wyoming residents praising his work for uphold-ing the Constitution and defending in-dividual liberties. A number of my colleagues have al-ready mentioned how Justice Scalia would always put the Constitution first, even if it conflicted with his per-sonal views. This was the case when Justice Scalia voted to uphold the right of protesters to burn the Amer-ican flag—even though he strongly dis-agreed with flag desecration. When it comes to privacy, Justice Scalia established himself as a leading champion of the Fourth Amendment, particularly when it comes to privacy in one’s home or car. Justice Scalia also authored a land-mark majority opinion upholding gun rights under the Second Amendment which reiterated the constitutional right of an individual to keep and bear arms in the District of Columbia, a right which was later incorporated to all States. Justice Scalia also fought ardently for religious freedoms under the Estab-lishment Clause and joined others in upholding freedom of association under the First Amendment. From his earliest days on the Su-preme Court, Scalia approached the Constitution and statutes passed by Congress as a textualist. He protected the vertical separation of power in our federalist system which keeps deci-sions closer to the people and fought for the separation of powers amongst the three branches of Federal Govern-ment. Most recently, Justice Scalia chal-lenged Executive overreach in the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court invalidating President Obama’s unconstitutional recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Finally, Justice Scalia’s writings, ju-dicial philosophy, and lectures have in-fluenced future generations of lawyers and jurists. Whether, during oral argu-ment, asking if the government can ‘‘make people buy broccoli’’ or ref-erencing Cole Porter lyrics in opinions, Scalia used words to rebut, challenge, and persuade. Justice Scalia’s legacy and legal precedents will stand the test of time, and our Nation owes him a debt of gratitude for his service. My wife, Diana, and I send our prayers and con-dolences to the Scalia family. f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CON-GRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS FOUNDATION AND 45TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE CONGRES-SIONAL BLACK CAUCUS Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the 40th anniversary of the Congressional Black Caucus Foun-dation, Incorporated, CBCF. It is fit-ting that during the month we cele-brate Black history, we commemorate the decades of service CBCF has ren-dered to the Nation by advancing pol-icy issues that impact the global Black community. Black History Month is an ideal time to reflect on the ways the law has shaped the African-American experi-ence. Our Nation has come a long way since the time when schools were seg-regated by law. No longer does the law bar African Americans from the voting booth. Today we have African-Amer-ican Members of Congress who help craft the law; Yet the important work of civil rights remains unfinished. Since 1976, CBCF has been a critical partner with Congress in the fight for equal rights. As a nonpartisan non-profit institute dedicated to elimi-nating racial disparities, CBCF has served as an inspiration to not just Af-rican Americans, but to people across the globe. However, its legacy and im-pact have been far from symbolic. From helping to make the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., a Fed-eral holiday, to rebuilding commu-nities impacted by Hurricane Katrina, to working on major legislation like the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act, to building a virtual li-brary project to shed a spotlight on the work of Black-elected officials, CBCF has stood alongside African-American elected leaders on some of the most critical policy issues of our time. As we move in 2016, the work of CBCF is more important than ever. Today people of color face disparities in the areas of criminal justice reform, voting rights, and economic development both at home and abroad. Its founders—Nira Hardon Long, Albert Nellum, and Con-gresswoman Yvonne Burke—envisioned CBCF as an important contributor in the quest for racial equality. The need remains. The vision lives on. And we have more work to do. I am confident CBCF will continue to serve our country admirably and protect Af-rican Americans vigorously. I salute CBCF for their service and celebrate their 40th anniversary. This year also marks the 45th anni-versary of the founding of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, CBC. I express my appreciation to the 13 founding mem-bers of the CBC in 1971 and the 17 mem-bers of the CBC class of 1976 for paving the way for African-American Members of Congress, like me, to follow in their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.022 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES956 February 23, 2016 
footsteps. Their dedication to ensuring America fulfills the promise of equal justice for all serves as a constant in-spiration. I stand on the shoulders of giants in CBC, and I salute their sac-rifice. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VERMONT ESSAY CONTEST ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I would like to extend my sincere thanks for the continued involvement of Vermont high school teachers and prin-cipals in my annual State of the Union essay contest. This year, 799 Vermont students from 39 high schools wrote es-says detailing what they thought were the most important issues facing our country. We could not have achieved this level of participation without the help of engaged educators throughout the State. Each and every day, teachers encour-age students to think critically and de-velop their own ideas. I appreciate that so many teachers have used the essay contest to challenge their students to share what they consider to be prior-ities for the United States. This year’s submissions were some of the most thoughtful to date, and I have no doubt that is because of the encouragement of engaged teachers from across the State. The success of this essay contest also depends on a dedicated team of volun-teer judges, all of whom are also high school teachers. This year, we asked our five judges—some of whom have served for many years—to read more essays in less time, and we greatly ap-preciate the serious consideration and commitment they brought to the task. I would like to take a moment to rec-ognize this year’s judges: Bradley Ar-cher, Woodstock Union High School; Jason Gorczyk, Milton High School; Krista Huling, South Burlington High School; Roberta ‘‘Cookie’’ Steponaitis, Vergennes Union High School; and Terri Vest, Twinfield Union School. I would also like to enter into the R
ECORD the names of the 39 high schools that participated this year: Arlington Memorial High School, Bellows Falls Union High School, Bel-lows Free Academy—Fairfax, Blue Mountain High School, Burlington High School, Burlington Technical Center, Burr & Burton Academy, Canaan Memorial High School, Cham-plain Valley Union High School, Colchester High School, Enosburg Falls High School, Green Mountain Tech-nology and Career Center, Hanover High School, Hartford High School, Harwood Union High School, Leland and Gray Union High School, Mill River Union High School, Milton High School, Missisquoi Valley Union High School, Mount Mansfield Union High School, Mt. Abraham Union High School, Mt. Anthony Union High School, North Country Union High School, Northfield High School, Peo-ples Academy, Rice Memorial High School, Rutland High School, South Burlington High School, South Roy-alton High School, Spaulding High School, St. Johnsbury Academy, Staf-ford Technical Center, Twinfield High School, Union High School, Vergennes Union High School, Vermont Commons School, Whitcomb High School, Winooski High School, Woodside Juve-nile Rehab Center, and Woodstock Union High School. Additionally, I would like to thank the schools where an especially large number of students wrote essays. Vermont Commons School and Missisquoi Valley Union High School had more than 25 participants. Green Mountain Technology and Career Cen-ter and South Burlington High School both had more than 50 students write essays. Mount Abraham Union High School had more than 100 members of their freshmen class write essays. Rut-land High School assigned the contest to their entire freshmen class, with more than 200 students participating. I would like to thank all of Vermont’s teachers and principals for their tireless work educating students and for helping to make the sixth an-nual State of the Union essay contest a success.∑ f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID B. NORRIS ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I wish to recognize and congratulate Mr. David B. Norris, national vice chairman for legislation of Veterans of Foreign Wars, on his retirement after more than three decades of service to Cali-fornia veterans. A resident of Tracy, CA, Mr. Norris enlisted in the Army in January 1966 and served his country honorably, de-ploying to Vietnam with the 7th Psy-chological Operations Group. In rec-ognition of his contributions, he re-ceived the Vietnam Service Medal, Presidential Unit Citation with oak leaf cluster, and Good Conduct Medal with oak leaf cluster. Following his service to the country, Mr. Norris received his associates of arts degree in business from Northwest Missouri State University in 1974 and went on to become a paralegal for Cen-tury Law Offices in Costa Mesa and San Ramon, CA, and serve on the city of Tracy planning commission. Mr. Norris joined the VFW in 1968 at Post 9723 in Okinawa, Japan, and, as a life member, has served on several California and national committees, including as the national chaplain, na-tional chief of staff, and national judge advocate general. He is also a member of the Vietnam Veterans of America and a life member of the American Le-gion. Mr. Norris has been a tireless advo-cate for veterans and a leading voice on efforts to assist female and homeless veterans. I would like to thank Mr. Norris for everything he has done to advance the needs of California vet-erans and wish him and wife, Sandy, all the best as he retires from legislative service with the VFW.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ANGELA MERKLE ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Angela Merkle, an in-tern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Angela is a graduate of Canton High School in Canton, SD. She recently graduated from Augustana University in Sioux Falls, where she studied gov-ernment and international affairs. She is a positive and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Angela for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 6:12 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 644. An act to reauthorize trade facili-tation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. D
AINES ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4405. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Diflubenzuron; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9939–59–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4406. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Benzyl acetate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9941– 49–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4407. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluridone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9941–69–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 12, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4408. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.024 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S957 February 23, 2016 
Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Conditions for Payment of Highly Pathogenic Avian In-fluenza Indemnity Claims’’ ((RIN0579–AE14) (Docket No. APHIS–2015–0061)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4409. A communication from the Asso-ciate Administrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Apricots Grown in Designated Counties in Washington; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0033; FV15–922–1 FIR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4410. A communication from the Asso-ciate Administrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Paper and Paper-Based Packaging Pro-motion, Research and Information Order; Late Payment and Interest Charges on Past Due Assessments’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14– 0082) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4411. A communication from the Asso-ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Exemption of Organic Products From Assessment Under a Commodity Pro-motion Law’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0032) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4412. A communication from the Asso-ciate Administrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Kiwifruit Grown in California; Increased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15– 0056; FV15–920–1 FR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4413. A communication from the Asso-ciate Administrator of the Livestock, Poul-try and Seed Program, Agricultural Mar-keting Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision to Incorporate the Electronic Submission of the Import Request of Shell Eggs’’ ((RIN0581–AD41) (Docket No. AMS–LPS–14–0055)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4414. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Phalaenopsis Spp. Plants for Planting in Approved Growing Media From China to the Continental United States’’ ((RIN0579– AE10) (Docket No. APHIS–2014–0106)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4415. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Logistics and Ma-terial Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the operations of the National Defense Stockpile (NDS) for fis-cal year 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4416. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Devel-opment and Acquisition), transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to all repairs and maintenance performed on any covered Navy vessel in any shipyard outside the United States or Guam during the preceding fiscal year; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4417. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Logistics and Ma-terial Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, the National Defense Stockpile (NDS) Annual Materials Plan (AMP) for fiscal year 2017 and the succeeding 4 years, fiscal years 2018—2021; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–4418. A communication from the Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, the Annual Report of the Reserve Forces Policy Board for 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4419. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Policy), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to assistance provided by the Department of Defense (DoD) for sporting events during calendar year 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4420. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the final six-month periodic re-port on the national emergency that was de-clared in Executive Order 13348 of July 22, 2004, relative to the former Liberian regime of Charles Taylor; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4421. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The CFPB strategic plan, budget, and per-formance plan and report’’; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4422. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4423. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuba Licensing Policy Revisions’’ (RIN0694– AG79) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4424. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, U.S. Energy Information Ad-ministration, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petroleum and Petroleum Products Produced in Coun-tries Other Than Iran’’ ; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4425. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Update of Filing Fees’’ ((RIN1902–AF17) (Docket No. RM16–00002–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4426. A communication from the Chair-man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the progress made in licens-ing and constructing the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4427. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Compli-ance with Order EA–12–049, Order Modifying Licenses with Regard to Requirements for Mitigation Strategies for Beyond-Design- Basis External Events’’ (JLD–ISG–2012–01, Revision 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4428. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Changes to Buried and Underground Piping and Tank Recommendations’’ (LR–ISG–2015–01) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4429. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Air Act Title V Operating Per-mit Program Revision; West Virginia’’ (FRL No. 9942–12–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4430. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Regional Haze BART Al-ternative Measure: Washington’’ (FRL No. 9942–15–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4431. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Allocations of Cross-State Air Pollu-tion Rule Allowances from New Unite Set- Asides for the 2015 Compliance Year’’ (FRL No. 9942–27–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4432. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; 2008 Ozone NAAQS Interstate Transport for Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, and South Dakota’’ (FRL No. 9942–31–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 12, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4433. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Mexico/Albuquerque- Bernalillo County; Infrastructure and Inter-state Transport State Implementation Plan for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9942–29–Re-gion 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4434. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of New Mexico/Albu-querque-Bernalillo County; Infrastructure and Interstate Transport SIP 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9942–30–Region 6) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.003 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES958 February 23, 2016 
EC–4435. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; Polk County Board of Health Rules and Regulations, Chapter V, Revisions.’’ (FRL No. 9942–37–Region 7) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4436. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Iowa’s State Implemen-tation Plan (SIP); Electronic Reporting Con-sistent with the Cross-Media Electronic Re-porting Rule (CROMERR)’’ (FRL No. 9942–39– Region 7) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 12, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4437. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Lead-based Paint Programs; Amend-ment to Jurisdiction-Specific Certification and Accreditation Requirements and Ren-ovator Refresher Training Requirements’’ ((RIN2070–AK02) (FRL No. 9941–61)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4438. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rule on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9941–56)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4439. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Returning Evidence at the Appeals Council Level’’ (RIN0960–AH64) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance . EC–4440. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Mem-ber, IRS Oversight Board, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 9, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4441. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Mem-ber, IRS Oversight Board, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 9, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4442. A communication from the Chair-man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Perform-ance Report for fiscal year 2015 and Annual Performance Plan for fiscal year 2016–2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4443. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program; Reporting and Returning of Over-payments’’ ((RIN0938–AQ58) (CMS–6037-F)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4444. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program; Final FY 2013 and Preliminary FY 2015 Disproportionate Share Hospital Allot-ments, and Final FY 2013 and Preliminary FY 2015 Institutions for Mental Diseases Dis-proportionate Share Hospital Limits’’ ((RIN0983–ZB24) (CMS–2398-N)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–4445. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department’s Alternative Fuel Vehicle (AFV) program for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4446. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a performance report rel-ative to the Animal Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4447. A communication from the In-spector General of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Congressional Budget Justification for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4448. A communication from the Board Members of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Congressional Justification of Budget Esti-mates Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4449. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Bene-fits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4450. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Commerce, transmitting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Marrakesh Treaty Implementation Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4451. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Communications and Legisla-tive Affairs, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Sunshine Act Re-port for 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4452. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Eagle Foothills Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4453. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Los Olivos District Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4454. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Service, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area; New Cost Recovery Fee Programs’’ (RIN0648–BE05) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 11, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Robert S. Williams, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Col. Brook J. Leonard, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Michael A. Guetlein, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Steven L. Basham and ending with Brig. Gen. John M. Wood, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on Janu-ary 28, 2016. (minus 1 nominee: Brig. Gen. Paul D. Nelson) 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Eric R. Baugh, Jr. and ending with Jeanluc G. C. Niel, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 11, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Brian J. Alent and ending with Bryan A. Wil-liams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 11, 2016. Air Force nomination of Khurram A. Khan, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Bruce E. Sternke and ending with Jeffrey S. Woolford, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Mary E. Clark and ending with James A. Jernigan, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Air Force nomination of Margaret C. Mar-tin, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Gregory J. Malone and ending with Gregory K. Richert, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Army nomination of Ricardo O. Morales, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Christopher W. Wendland, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Michael J. Mulcahy, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Kelly K. Greenhaw, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with George L. Barton and ending with Richard A. Wholey, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Army nomination of Nicholas H. Gist, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Mat-thew J. Aiesi and ending with Jason D. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.005 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S959 February 23, 2016 
Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Army nomination of D012199, to be Major. Army nomination of James C. Sullivan, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Mark R. Biehl, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Ryan P. Brennan and ending with Paul E. Patterson, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 1, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Scott F. Bartlett and ending with Kenneth G. Verboncoeur, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 1, 2016. Marine Corps nomination of Lucas M. Chesla, to be Major. Marine Corps nomination of Jaime A. Ibarra, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Curtis J. Smith and ending with Bryan E. Stotts, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Allen L. Lewis and ending with David Ste-vens, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Michael J. Malone and ending with Michael C. Rogers, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nomination of Conrad G. Al-ston, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of James C. Rose, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Shawn A. Har-ris, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with David F. Hunley and ending with Arlie L. Miller, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Michael J. Barriball and ending with John V. Russell IV, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Jameel A. Ali and ending with Ambrosio V. Pantoja, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Isaac Rodriguez and ending with Brian G. Wisneski, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Keith D. Burgess and ending with Keith J. Luzbetak, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Christopher W. Benson and ending with Shelton Williams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Kevin L. Freiburger and ending with Jason H. Perry, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Charles W. Demling III and ending with Glen F. Tedtaotao, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 28, 2016. Navy nomination of Kielly A. Andrews, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Jeffrey C. Chao and ending with Joseph A. Moore, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 28, 2016. Navy nomination of Erik J. Kjellgren, to be Commander. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. U DALL , and Mr. H EIN-
RICH): S. 2564. A bill to modernize prior legisla-tion relating to Dine College; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. M
CCONNELL ): S. 2565. A bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to reauthorize grants to assist children affected by meth-amphetamine, opioid, or other substance abuse under the promoting safe and stable families program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. 2566. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide sexual assault sur-vivors with certain rights, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2567. A bill to require the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to issue guidelines relating to the prescrip-tion of opioids for acute pain; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 2568. A bill to provide for conservation, enhanced recreation opportunities, and de-velopment of renewable energy in the Cali-fornia Desert Conservation Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 2569. A bill to authorize the Director of the United States Geological Survey to con-duct monitoring, assessment, science, and research, in support of the binational fish-eries within the Great Lakes Basin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. PETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabe-tes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabe-tes. 
S. 598 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 598, a bill to improve the under-standing of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1440 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1440, a bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4-family dwelling from the defini-tion of a member business loan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs affect-ing the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending. 
S. 1715 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1715, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 400th anniver-sary of the arrival of the Pilgrims. 
S. 1810 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Alabama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.007 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES960 February 23, 2016 
(Mr. S HELBY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1810, a bill to apply the provisions of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act to Congressional mem-bers and members of the executive branch. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1883, a bill to maximize discovery, and accel-erate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treat-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1915 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1915, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2002 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2002, a bill to strengthen our mental health system and improve public safe-ty. 
S. 2030 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2030, a bill to allow the sponsor of an application for the approval of a tar-geted drug to rely upon data and infor-mation with respect to such sponsor’s previously approved targeted drugs. 
S. 2040 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2040, a bill to deter ter-rorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. 
S. 2226 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2226, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the residen-tial treatment programs for pregnant and postpartum women and to estab-lish a pilot program to provide grants to State substance abuse agencies to promote innovative service delivery models for such women. S. 2276 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2276, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide en-hanced safety in pipeline transpor-tation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2291 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2291, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish procedures within the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for the processing of whistle-blower complaints, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2344 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2344, a bill to provide au-thority for access to certain business records collected under the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 prior to November 29, 2015, to make the authority for roving surveillance, the authority to treat individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers, and title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 permanent, and to modify the certification requirements for access to telephone toll and trans-actional records by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2423 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2423, a bill making appro-priations to address the heroin and opioid drug abuse epidemic for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2437 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2437, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery, and for other purposes. 
S. 2464 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2464, a bill to implement equal protection under the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human person. S. 2470 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2470, a bill to repeal the provision permitting the use of rocket engines from the Russian Federation for the evolved expendable launch vehi-cle program. 
S. 2502 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2502, a bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement investors re-ceive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2505 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2505, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that retire-ment investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2514 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2514, a bill to require the Bureau of Justice Statistics to report on re-cidivism rates of Federal prisoners who are released early, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2545 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2545, a bill to modify the requirements of the Department of Veterans Affairs for reimbursing health care providers under section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Ac-countability Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
S. 2549 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2549, a bill to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-duct security screening at certain air-ports, and for other purposes. 
S. 2558 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2558, a bill to expand the prohibi-tion on misleading or inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes. 
S. 2559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) were added as cosponsors of S. 2559, a bill to prohibit the modifica-tion, termination, abandonment, or transfer of the lease by which the United States acquired the land and waters containing Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.009 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S961 February 23, 2016 
S.J. RES. 25 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 25, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’. 
S. CON. RES. 26 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 26, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress re-garding the right of States and local governments to maintain economic sanctions against Iran. 
S. RES. 362 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 362, a resolution recognizing the contributions of the Montagnard indig-enous tribespeople of the Central High-lands of Vietnam to the United States Armed Forces during the Vietnam War, and condemning the ongoing violation of human rights by the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. 
S. RES. 368 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 368, a resolution supporting efforts by the Government of Colombia to pursue peace and the end of the country’s enduring internal armed conflict and recognizing United States support for Colombia at the 15th anniversary of Plan Colombia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3257 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3257 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 2568. A bill to provide for conserva-tion, enhanced recreation opportuni-ties, and development of renewable en-ergy in the California Desert Conserva-tion Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I am proud to introduce the Cali-fornia Desert Conservation and Recre-ation Act. In February of 2015, I, along with Sen. B
OXER , introduced a bill under the same name. That bill from 2015 in-cluded a number of conservation and recreation provisions that the Presi-dent could not include in his recent designation of three national monu-ments. The President’s designation this past month of those new national monu-ments—Mojave Trails, Sand to Snow, and Castle Mountain—was a major milestone in our efforts to protect the desert. But, due to limitations under the Antiquities Act, the President’s ex-ecutive action left out several key parts of our desert bill from 2015. These remaining provisions were vital to many of the groups and organizations that came together to support our bill in 2015. I made a commitment to those groups to enact the entire bill, not just parts of the bill. And I intend to fulfill that promise. The remaining provisions included in today’s legislation do the following: enhance recreational oppor-tunities by establishing 142,000 acres of permanent Off-Highway Vehicle recre-ation areas; further expand wilderness areas in the desert, by designating five additional wilderness areas that cover 230,000 acres of land near Fort Irwin; ensure clean and free-flowing rivers, through the designation of 77 miles of rivers as Wild and Scenic Rivers; add to our national parks, by expanding Death Valley National Park Wilderness by 39,000 acres and Joshua Tree Na-tional Park by 4,500 acres; expand Na-tional Scenic Areas, by adding 18,610 acres to the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area in Inyo County; protect important cultural resources, by re-quiring the Department of the Interior to protect petroglyphs and other cul-tural resources in San Bernardino and Imperial County; and, facilitate renew-able energy development in a way that protects delicate habitat. I want to be very clear: I intend to continue to work with my colleagues in the Senate and House to advance this important bill and the wilderness protections, national park additions, recreation area designations and other renewable energy provisions that were not implemented through the Antiq-uities Act. This legislation balances the many competing uses for public lands across the California desert: It protects frag-ile ecosystems and significant cultural resources, provides for increased rec-reational opportunities, and encour-ages sensible renewable energy devel-opment. This current bill includes all of the carefully negotiated provisions from the bill I introduced in February, minus the three monuments. This bill reflects our attempt to achieve consensus among the com-peting uses of desert land and the many stakeholders involved, including environmental groups, State and local governments, the off-road community, cattle ranchers, mining interests, the Defense Department, energy compa-nies, California’s public utility compa-nies, and many others. As a result of the general public’s ro-bust participation, we have put to-gether a bipartisan proposal that charts a commonsense path forward for the California desert. We made a com-mitment to these stakeholders to enact these commonsense solutions, and I in-tend to follow through on that prom-ise. I want to highlight some of the key provisions of this legislation: By designating five new wilderness areas, this bill protects fragile desert ecosystems across 230,000 acres of wil-derness near Fort Irwin. This includes 88,000 acres of Avawatz Mountains, 8,000-acre Great Falls Basin Wilderness, the 80,000-acre Soda Mountains Wilder-ness, and the 32,500-acre Death Valley Wilderness. These proposed wilderness areas have something for everyone: Desert soli-tude; abundant hiking options and rock climbing routes; and horseback riding and hunting for those that wish to ex-perience a truly remarkable backcountry experience. This bill is more than just wilder-ness, however. It also designates four new wild and scenic rivers, totaling 77 miles in length. These rivers and creeks are important, and rare, ripar-ian areas in the heart of the arid desert. This designation will ensure that those rivers and creeks remain clean and free-flowing and that their immediate environments are preserved. These beautiful waterways are Deep Creek and the Whitewater River in and near the San Bernardino National For-est, as well as the Amargosa River and Surprise Canyon Creek near Death Val-ley National Park. Conserving pristine desert land such as this is most definitely in the inter-ests of our country. The California desert is a very special place and it de-serves to stay that way. The legislation also provides perma-nent protection for five existing Off- Highway Vehicle Areas covering ap-proximately 142,000 acres. The bill also releases 126,000 acres of land from their existing wilderness study area designation in response to requests from local government and recreation users. This will allow the land to be made available for other purposes, including recreational off- highway vehicle use on designated routes. Although the President’s recent executive action could not include these permanent protections, off- roaders are a vital part of the coalition we put together. They deserve cer-tainty about their future enjoyment of the land, just as conservationists now have certainty as a result of the monu-ment designations. With this bill intro-duction, I renew my pledge to work closely with the off-road community. We must also take into account an-other use of the desert land: renewable energy. And I believe that we can ac-complish the twin aims of honoring our commitment to conservation and ful-filling California’s pledge to develop a clean energy portfolio. Balancing con-servation, development and other uses is possible, we just need to come up with the right solutions. Thankfully, some of these compromises are already in place. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.012 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES962 February 23, 2016 
By April 2009, solar and wind compa-nies had proposed 28 projects to be in-cluded in the Mojave Trails National Monument, including sites on former Catellus lands intended for permanent conservation. I visited some of those sites at the time, including one par-ticularly beautiful area known as the Broadwell Valley, where thousands of acres of pristine lands were proposed for development. Seeing it first hand, I quickly came to the conclusion that those lands were simply not the right place for renewable energy develop-ment. Since then, 26 of the 28 applications have been withdrawn. Let me explain why this happened. First, the Energy and Interior Departments developed new solar energy zones. These zones allow projects to be developed on lands least likely to harm plant and wildlife species, and allow projects to be com-pleted faster and with fewer conflicts. This is a smart compromise. Second, California has worked closely with Federal agencies to develop the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan. This blueprint will help identify pris-tine lands that warrant protection and direct energy projects elsewhere. This is a fair balancing of priorities, and I think it provides a clear path forward. The bill I am introducing also takes additional action to help promote re-sponsible renewable energy develop-ment through state land exchanges. There are currently about 370,000 acres of isolated parcels of state lands spread across the California desert. These state-owned lands are largely unusable, due to their location inside Federal na-tional parks, wilderness, monuments, and conservation areas. The bill ad-dresses this problem by requiring the Department of the Interior to develop and implement a plan with the state to exchange these state lands for other BLM or General Services Administra-tion owned property in the next ten years. By swapping state land that is often surrounded by wilderness and na-tional parks for other federal land, these exchanges will provide California with sites for renewable energy produc-tion, recreation or other uses. I strongly urge my colleagues in both the House and the Senate to take a hard look at this legislation. We have made great strides in the past twenty years to strike the right balance be-tween desert conservation, recreational uses, and the development of our nat-ural resources. I believe this legisla-tion continues in that fine tradition. Built on a foundation of consensus and compromise, this legislation fulfills our promise to the next generation that they will have the same opportu-nities to indulge in the best the Cali-fornia desert has to offer. I am hopeful this Congress will take this legislation up and move it forward. It’s the right thing to do. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3307. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3308. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3309. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3310. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3311. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. C OTTON ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3307. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 31ll. NATURAL GAS PRODUCTION, TREAT-MENT, MANAGEMENT, AND USE, FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘§ 4781. Natural gas production, treatment, management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army (referred to in this section as the ‘Sec-retary’) may provide, by contract or other-wise, for the production, treatment, manage-ment, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky, without regard to sec-tion 3 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352). ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON USES.—Any natural gas produced pursuant to subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may only be used to support activities and operations at Fort Knox; and ‘‘(2) may not be sold for use elsewhere. ‘‘(c) O
WNERSHIP OF FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary may take ownership of any gas pro-duction and treatment equipment and facili-ties and associated infrastructure from a contractor in accordance with the terms of a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(d) N
OAPPLICATION ELSEWHERE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority provided by this section applies only with respect to Fort Knox, Kentucky. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section authorizes the production, treat-ment, management, or use of natural gas re-sources underlying any Department of De-fense installation other than Fort Knox. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of the Secretary under this section is effective be-ginning on August 2, 2007.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections of chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4781. Natural gas production, treatment, management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky.’’. SA 3308. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 31lll. DENALI NATIONAL PARK AND PRE-SERVE NATURAL GAS PIPELINE. 
(a) P ERMIT .—Section 3(b)(1) of the Denali National Park Improvement Act (Public Law 113–33; 127 Stat. 516) is amended by striking ‘‘within, along, or near the approximately 7- mile segment of the George Parks Highway that runs through the Park’’. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Section 3(c)(1) of the Denali National Park Improvement Act (Public Law 113–33; 127 Stat. 516) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) by striking subparagraph (B); and (3) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B). (c) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—Section 3 of the Denali National Park Improvement Act (Public Law 113–33; 127 Stat. 515) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—A high pressure gas transmission pipeline (including appur-tenances) in a nonwilderness area within the boundary of the Park, shall not be subject to title XI of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3161 et seq.).’’. 
SA 3309. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44lll. NATIONAL PARK CENTENNIAL. 
(a) N ATIONAL PARKCENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  F
UND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by section 5001(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 104909. National Park Centennial Chal-lenge Fund ‘‘(a) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to establish a fund in the Treasury— ‘‘(1) to finance signature projects and pro-grams to enhance the National Park System as the centennial of the National Park Sys-tem approaches in 2016; and ‘‘(2) to prepare the System for another cen-tury of conservation, preservation, and en-joyment. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
HALLENGE FUND .—The term ‘Chal-lenge Fund’ means the National Park Cen-tennial Challenge Fund established by sub-section (c)(1). ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED DONATION .—The term ‘quali-fied donation’ means a cash donation or the pledge of a cash donation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit to the Service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.019 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S963 February 23, 2016 
that the Secretary certifies is to be used for a signature project or program. ‘‘(3) S
IGNATURE PROJECT OR PROGRAM .—The term ‘signature project or program’ means any project or program identified by the Sec-retary as a project or program that would further the purposes of the System or any System unit. ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL PARK CENTENNIAL CHAL-
LENGE FUND.— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘National Park Centen-nial Challenge Fund’. ‘‘(2) D
EPOSITS .—The Challenge Fund shall consist of— ‘‘(A) qualified donations that are trans-ferred from the Service donation account, in accordance with subsection (e)(1); and ‘‘(B) such amounts as are appropriated from the general fund of the Treasury, in ac-cordance with subsection (e)(2). ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the Chal-lenge Fund shall— ‘‘(A) be available to the Secretary for sig-nature projects and programs under this title, without further appropriation; and ‘‘(B) remain available until expended. ‘‘(d) S
IGNATURE PROJECTS AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF LIST .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall develop a list of signature projects and programs eligible for funding from the Challenge Fund. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Sec- retary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations and Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives the list developed under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) U
PDATES .—Subject to the notice re-quirements under paragraph (2), the Sec-retary may add any signature project or pro-gram to the list developed under paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) D
ONATIONS AND MATCHING FEDERAL  F
UNDS .— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED DONATIONS .—The Secretary may transfer any qualified donations to the Challenge Fund. ‘‘(2) M
ATCHING AMOUNT .—There is author-ized to be appropriated to the Challenge Fund for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2020 an amount equal to the amount of quali-fied donations received for the fiscal year. ‘‘(3) S
OLICITATION .—Nothing in this section expands any authority of the Secretary, the Service, or any employee of the Service to receive or solicit donations. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall provide with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress for each fiscal year a report on the status and funding of the signature projects and programs.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections affected for title 54, United States Code (as amended by section 5001(b)), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104908 the following: ‘‘§104909. National Park Centennial Challenge Fund.’’. (b) S
ECOND CENTURY ENDOWMENT FOR THE  N
ATIONAL PARKSYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 1011 of title 54, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 101121. Second Century Endowment for the National Park System ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The National Park Foundation shall establish an endowment, to be known as the ‘Second Century Endow-ment for the National Park System’ (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Endowment’). ‘‘(b) C
AMPAIGN .—To further the mission of the Service, the National Park Foundation may undertake a campaign to fund the En-dowment through gifts, devises, or bequests, in accordance with section 101113. ‘‘(c) USE OF PROCEEDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On request of the Sec-retary, the National Park Foundation shall expend proceeds from the Endowment in ac-cordance with projects and programs in fur-therance of the mission of the Service, as identified by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) M
ANAGEMENT .—The National Park Foundation shall manage the Endowment in a manner that ensures that annual expendi-tures as a percentage of the principal are consistent with Internal Revenue Service guidelines for endowments maintained for charitable purposes. ‘‘(d) I
NVESTMENTS .—The National Park Foundation shall— ‘‘(1) maintain the Endowment in an inter-est-bearing account; and ‘‘(2) invest Endowment proceeds with the purpose of supporting and enriching the Sys-tem in perpetuity. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—Each year, the National Park Foundation shall make publicly avail-able information on the amounts deposited into, and expended from, the Endowment.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections affected for title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 101120 the following: ‘‘§101121. Second Century Endowment for the National Park System.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL PARK SERVICE INTELLECTUAL  P
ROPERTY PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by sub-section (a)(1)), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 104910. Intellectual property ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) S
ERVICE EMBLEM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Service em-blem’ means any word, phrase, insignia, logo, logotype, trademark, service mark, symbol, design, graphic, image, color, badge, uniform, or any combination of emblems used to identify the Service or a component of the System. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘Service em-blem’ includes— ‘‘(i) the Service name; ‘‘(ii) an official System unit name; ‘‘(iii) any other name used to identify a Service component or program; and ‘‘(iv) the Arrowhead symbol. ‘‘(2) S
ERVICE UNIFORM .—The term ‘Service uniform’ means any combination of apparel, accessories, or emblems, any distinctive clothing or other items of dress, or a rep-resentation of dress— ‘‘(A) that is worn during the performance of official duties; and ‘‘(B) that identifies the wearer as a Service employee. ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITED ACTS.—No person shall, without the written permission of the Sec-retary— ‘‘(1) use any Service emblem or uniform, or any word, term, name, symbol or device or any combination of emblems to suggest any colorable likeness of the Service emblem or Service uniform in connection with goods or services in commerce if the use is likely to cause confusion, or to deceive the public into believing that the emblem or uniform is from or connected with the Service; ‘‘(2) use any Service emblem or Service uniform or any word, term, name, symbol, device, or any combination of emblems or uniforms to suggest any likeness of the Serv-ice emblem or Service uniform in connection with goods or services in commerce in a manner reasonably calculated to convey the impression to the public that the goods or services are approved, endorsed, or author-ized by the Service; ‘‘(3) use in commerce any word, term, name, symbol, device or any combination of words, terms, names, symbols, or devices to suggest any likeness of the Service emblem or Service uniform in a manner that is rea-sonably calculated to convey the impression that the wearer of the item of apparel is act-ing pursuant to the legal authority of the Service; or ‘‘(4) knowingly make any false statement for the purpose of obtaining permission to use any Service emblem or Service uni-form.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections affected for title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104908 (as added by sub-section (a)(2)) the following: ‘‘§104910. Intellectual property.’’. (d) N
ATIONAL PARKSERVICE EDUCATION AND  I
NTERPRETATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Division A of subtitle I of title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 1007 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 1008—EDUCATION AND INTERPRETATION ‘‘CHAPTER 1008—E
DUCATION AND  I
NTERPRETATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘100801. Purposes. ‘‘100802. Definitions. ‘‘100803. Interpretation and education au-thority. ‘‘100804. Interpretation and education evalua-tion and quality improvement. ‘‘100805. Improved utilization of partners and volunteers in interpretation and education. ‘‘§ 100801. Purposes ‘‘The purposes of this chapter are— ‘‘(1) to more effectively achieve the mis-sion of the Service by providing clear au-thority and direction for interpretation and education programs that are carried out by the Service under separate authorities; ‘‘(2) to ensure that the public encounters a variety of interpretive and educational op-portunities and services during visits to Sys-tem units; ‘‘(3) to recognize that the Service provides lifelong learning opportunities and contrib-utes to interdisciplinary learning in tradi-tional and nontraditional educational set-tings; ‘‘(4) to provide opportunities for all people to find relevance in the System; and ‘‘(5) to strengthen public understanding of the natural and cultural heritage and the United States. ‘‘§ 100802. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter: ‘‘(1) E
DUCATION .—The term ‘education’ means enhancing public awareness, under-standing, and appreciation of the resources of the System through learner-centered, place-based materials, programs, and activi-ties that achieve specific learning objectives as identified in a curriculum. ‘‘(2) I
NTERPRETATION .—The term ‘interpre-tation’ means— ‘‘(A) providing opportunities for people to form intellectual and emotional connections to gain awareness, appreciation, and under-standing of the resources of the System; and ‘‘(B) the professional career field of Service employees, volunteers, and partners who in-terpret the resources of the System. ‘‘(3) R
ELATED AREA .—The term ‘related area’ means— ‘‘(A) a component of the National Trails System; ‘‘(B) a National Heritage Area; and ‘‘(C) an affiliated area administered in con-nection with the System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.017 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES964 February 23, 2016 
‘‘§ 100803. Interpretation and education au-thority ‘‘The Secretary shall ensure that manage-ment of System units and related areas is enhanced by the availability and utilization of a broad program of the highest quality in-terpretation and education. ‘‘§ 100804. Interpretation and education eval-uation and quality improvement ‘‘The Secretary may undertake a program of regular evaluation of interpretation and education programs to ensure that the pro-grams— ‘‘(1) adjust to the ways in which people learn and engage with the natural world and shared heritage as embodied in the System; ‘‘(2) reflect different cultural backgrounds, ages, education, gender, abilities, ethnicity, and needs; ‘‘(3) demonstrate innovative approaches to management and appropriately incorporate emerging learning and communications technology; and ‘‘(4) reflect current scientific and academic research, content, methods, and audience analysis. ‘‘§ 100805. Improved utilization of partners and volunteers in interpretation and edu-cation ‘‘The Secretary may— ‘‘(1) coordinate with System unit partners and volunteers in the delivery of quality pro-grams and services to supplement the pro-grams and services provided by the Service as part of a Long-Range Interpretive Plan for a System unit; ‘‘(2) support interpretive partners by pro-viding opportunities to participate in inter-pretive training; and ‘‘(3) collaborate with other Federal and non-Federal public or private agencies, orga-nizations, or institutions for the purposes of developing, promoting, and making available educational opportunities related to re-sources of the System and programs.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters for division A of subtitle I of title 54, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to chapter 1007 the following: ‘‘1008. Education and Interpretation 100801’’. (e) P
UBLIC LANDCORPS AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 203(10)(A) of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1722(10)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘25’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’. (2) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Section 204(b) of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1723(b)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘25’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’. (3) H
IRING .—Section 207(c)(2) of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C., 1726(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘120 days’’ and in-serting ‘‘2 years’’. (f) V
OLUNTEERS IN PARKS PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 102301(d) of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘is’’ and inserting ‘‘are’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘not more than $3,500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as are necessary’’. (g) N
ATIONAL PARKFOUNDATION .— (1) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .—Subchapter II of chapter 1011 of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 101112— (i) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) M
EMBERSHIP .—The National Park Foundation shall consist of a Board having as members at least 6 private citizens of the United States appointed by the Secretary, with the Secretary and the Director serving as ex officio members of the Board.’’; and (ii) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) CHAIRMAN .— ‘‘(1) S
ELECTION .—The Board shall select a Chairman of the Board from among the members of the Board. ‘‘(2) T
ERM.—The Chairman of the Board shall serve for a 2-year term.’’; and (iii) in section 101113(a)— (I) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (II) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH SERVICE .—Activi- ties of the National Park Foundation under paragraph (1) shall be undertaken after con-sultation with the Secretary to ensure the activities are consistent with the programs and policies of the Service.’’. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 1011 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by subsection (b)(1)), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 101122. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subchapter $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2026. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .— Amounts made available under subsection (a) shall be provided to the National Park Foundation for use for matching, on a 1-to- 1 basis, contributions (including money, services, or property) made to the National Park Foundation. ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF USE FOR ADMINISTRA -
TIVE EXPENSES .—No Federal funds made available under subsection (a) shall be used by the National Park Foundation for admin-istrative expenses of the National Park Foundation, including for salaries, travel and transportation expenses, and other over-head expenses.’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections affected for title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 101121 (as amended by subsection (b)(2)) the following: ‘‘§101122. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SA 3310. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44lll. CONVEYANCE OF FEDERAL LAND WITHIN THE SWAN LAKE HYDRO-ELECTRIC PROJECT BOUNDARY. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior, after consultation with the Sec-retary of Agriculture, shall— (1) survey the exterior boundaries of the tract of Federal land within the project boundary of the Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project (FERC No. 2911) as generally de-picted and labeled ‘‘Lost Creek’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Swan Lake Project Boundary—Lot 2’’ and dated February 1, 2016; and (2) issue a patent to the State of Alaska for the tract described in paragraph (1) in ac-cordance with— (A) the survey authorized under paragraph (1); (B) section 6(a) of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85– 508); and (C) section 24 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 818). 
SA 3311. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. COTTON ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 23lll. REPORTING REQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN TRANSMISSION INFRA-STRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
Section 1222 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16421) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Before car-rying out a Project under subsection (a) or (b), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that— ‘‘(1) describes the impact that the proposed Project would have on electricity rates; ‘‘(2) demonstrates that the proposed Project meets the requirements of para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) and para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b); and ‘‘(3) includes a list of utilities that have entered into contracts for the purchase of power from the proposed Project. ‘‘(i) D
ECISION .—The Secretary may not issue a decision on whether to carry out a Project under subsection (a) or (b) before the date that is 90 days after the date of submis-sion of a report required under subsection (h).’’. f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator J
AMES LANKFORD , intend to object to proceeding to the nomina-tion of John B. King, to be Secretary of Education; dated February 23, 2016. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 9:45 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘Passenger Rail: Op-portunities and Challenges for the Na-tional Network.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.017 S23FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S965 February 23, 2016 
Building to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act at 40: Successes, Challenges, and the Path Forward.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining the Opioid Epi-demic: Challenges and Opportunities.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Review of the FY 2017 State Department Budg-et Request.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘ESSA Implementation in States and School Districts: Perspectives from Education Leaders.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on February 23, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Unaccompanied Children Crisis: Does the Administration Have a Plan to Stop the Border Surge and Adequately Monitor the Children?’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room 345 of the Cannon House Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Personnel of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 23, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mara Green-berg and Colleen Zengotitabengoa, detailees on the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, be granted Senate floor privi-leges for the duration of the 114th Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the junior Senator from Montana be authorized to sign duly-enrolled bills or joint resolu-tions on Tuesday, February 23. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2016 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, Feb-ruary 24; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, and notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the Senate resume consideration of the Califf nomination postcloture; further, that at 11 a.m., the Senate vote on con-firmation of the Califf nomination; fur-ther, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be noti-fied of the Senate’s action, and upon disposition of the nomination, the Sen-ate then resume legislative session with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:14 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, February 24, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Mar 02, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S23FE6.REC S23FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE183 February 23, 2016 
HONORING THE VOCALESSENCE WITNESS PROGRAM 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the impact of VocalEssence, a Min-neapolis-based vocal ensemble of inter-national repute. Through their WITNESS pro-gram, they have taught, performed alongside, and serenaded more than 155,000 students throughout the Twin Cities over 26 years. The WITNESS vision began in 1991 with one school and one teaching artist. It has since grown to more than 40 schools and 9 teaching artists, impacting more than 5,000 students annually. The program provides di-verse role models and increased exposure to the arts through performances and classroom workshops. For many students, WITNESS is their first opportunity to receive professional training or perform at a major concert hall. The program celebrates the contributions of African Americans to choral music—a rich history that has led to collaborations with James Earl Jones, Rita Dove, Billy Taylor, and countless others. This year, WITNESS is hosting the More-house College Glee Club. These young men from a Historically Black College are living proof of the world of possibility for students of color. Over 200 young men from six Twin Cit-ies high schools will rehearse and perform alongside some of the brightest Black minds in our country. It is crucial that we celebrate Black culture; when we do, we must include Black youth at the helm. VocalEssence WIT-NESS does just that. I commend VocalEssence for the WITNESS program’s success in educating, engaging and inspiring students in the Twin Cities. VocalEssence has given our community so much beauty through their music, and they continue to better our future through their top- notch community program WITNESS. I can’t wait to see what they accomplish in the future. 
f 
BRUCE D EMOLLI 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to your attention the outstanding achieve-ments of Mr. Bruce DeMolli, who was being honored by the Murray Family and the New Jersey Department for Persons with Disabil-ities at their 46th Annual Dinner Dance on Sunday, February 21, 2016. Bruce joined the Our Lady of the Highway Knights of Columbus Council 3835 in Little Falls, based at Our Lady of the Holy Angels Church in 1984 and has been an active mem-ber ever since. He was installed as the N.J. Knights of Columbus State Deputy, becoming the state CEO of the Knights for the next two years. Bruce became a state officer 10 years ago when he was elected State Warden. He was instrumental in forming two new councils: An-nunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary Number 11943 in Wayne, New Jersey and the Immac-ulate Council Number 12211 in Clifton, New Jersey. From 2004–2006, Bruce served as the Chairman of the Paterson Federation Knights of Columbus. The Paterson Federation is a representation of the Councils in the counties of Morris, Passaic and Sussex. The Federa-tion is dedicated to serving and providing all the councils within its boundaries the assist-ance needed to help them excel in all areas of Columbianism. In recognition for his faithful service to his church and community, Bruce was honored by Pope Benedict XVI as a Knight of Saint Gregory. Bruce has been married to his wife, Anna, for more than 40 years and they have one daughter, Bree, and two grandchildren, Tyler and Maya. Bruce’s wife serves as director at Diocesan Catholic Charities’ La Vida Childcare Centers I & II in Paterson. The Murray House is a great organization which supports a cause that is near and dear to me and my wife Elsie. They are the longest running group home in the State of New Jer-sey for adults with developmental disabilities. The fact that they have chosen to honor Bruce at their annual Dinner Dance is only fitting as he is a great servant in the cause of helping others. The job of a United States Congressman in-volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the achievements of dedicated individuals such as Bruce DeMolli. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues, Bruce’s family, friends, and all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in rec-ognizing his leadership, dedication, and loyalty to serving his community. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF J. BRAD JONES FOR HIS OUTSTANDING CAREER IN FEDERAL CIVILIAN SERVICE 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor J. Brad Jones, Director of Con-tinuous Process Improvement at Tobyhanna Army Depot. Brad will be retiring on March 3, 2016 after more than 37 years of service to the Department of the Army and Tobyhanna Army Depot. From the rank of first line super-visor to his most recent service as a Senior Director, Brad has been a key member of Tobyhanna for decades. Over the course of his career, Brad has made significant contributions to Tobyhanna Army Depot. His insight and input made him a valued member of each core team that de-veloped and implemented plans to reorganize and modernize the installation as it evolved. In 1991, Brad was a member of the Department of Defense Study Team for the Consolidation of Ground Communications—Electronics, which established the foundation for pivotal Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) deci-sions in 1995. He developed the strategy and tactics to defend Tobyhanna from the threat of closure and resulted in the transfer of U.S. Air Force work from California to Tobyhanna. In 2005, he was Team Leader of the Tobyhanna BRAC group, which resulted in the transfer of Navy and Marine Corps workload from two sites in California to Tobyhanna. Brad helped lead Tobyhanna’s effort that resulted in the award of seven Shingo medals for manufac-turing excellence and the 2012 Department of Army Lean-Six Sigma Excellence Award. Brad was a team leader in attaining accreditation and the continued certification of Tobyhanna Army Depot under International Standards Or-ganization 9001 for Quality, as well as under Aerospace Standards 9100/9110. These standards of excellence helped Tobyhanna maintain its competitive edge. Brad was also known for his interpersonal skills with employees, labor officials, and man-agers. As Director of Personnel and Chief of Management Employee Relations, he was able to streamline processes and cut red tape. As Depot Operations Officer and Chief of Staff, he ensured success of the day-to-day mission and base support operations of the depot, while coordinating the administrative actions of the Tobyhanna Army Depot Com-mand Group and Headquarters. It is an honor to recognize J. Brad Jones for such an extraordinary career. I am grateful for all of his efforts for the sake of our nation’s military. I wish him the best, and may he enjoy a long and fulfilling retirement. f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. JULIA AARON HUMBLES 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, our lives have been touched by the life of Mrs. Julia Aaron Humbles, who gave of herself in order for others to stand; and Whereas, her dedicated service is present in New Orleans, Louisiana and Metropolitan Atlanta, for all to see her as an unwavering advocate of justice for the youth, the elderly, the poor and the downtrodden; and Whereas, this remarkable, positive woman with a beautiful smile gave of herself, her time and her talent; never asking for fame or for-tune but only to uplift those in need; and Whereas, she led by example from behind the scenes, and was on the frontline for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23FE8.001 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE184 February 23, 2016 
nation; she was an original Freedom Rider in the 1960s, an active member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), a member of the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), a Goodwill Ambas-sador for her community, a charter member of her beloved church, New Beginning Full Gos-pel Baptist Church of Decatur, Georgia, and Whereas, this virtuous Proverbs 31 woman was a mother, a grandmother, a great-grand-mother, a wife, a daughter, a friend, a warrior, a matriarch, and a woman of great integrity; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Mrs. Julia Aaron Humbles for her leadership, friendship and service to all of the citizens in Georgia and throughout the Nation; now there-fore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby attest to the 114th Congress that Mrs. Julia Aaron Humbles of DeKalb County, Geor-gia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’: Mrs. Julia Aaron Humbles, U.S. Citizen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 6th day of February, 2016. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE CHAPEL HILL SHOOTING 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, today marks one year since three young Americans were killed for their faith. On February 10th, 2015, Deah Barakat, Yusor Abu-Salha, and Razan Abu-Salha were murdered in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. They were shot and killed because they were Mus-lim. Yusor was a graduate of North Carolina State University and planned on enrolling at the UNC Chapel Hill School of Dentistry, where her husband, Deah, was studying to become a dentist. Razan, Yusor’s sister, was a student at NCSU as well. She was only 19 years old. These murders break my heart. They should be heartbreaking to every American. The tragedy in Chapel Hill shows us the stark reality of anti-Muslim bigotry: hate speech and scapegoating has real life con-sequences. Children are bullied in schools, houses of worship are vandalized, and people are killed for the way they dress or how they pray. Candidates for public office, public officials, and leaders are spewing hatred against Amer-ican Muslims, calling for Muslim refugees to be banned from entering the country, or for Muslims living here—including some that were born and raised as American—should carry ID cards or register their names in a database. This type of rhetoric is why our young children are afraid to go to school and why people are being killed because of how they look or how they pray. After the murder, some people in the press argued that it was over a parking dispute. I’m reminded of what Deah’s brother, Farris, said: ‘‘I can only accept Deah, Yusor, and Razan’s murders as being over a parking dispute, if Rosa Parks’s struggle was over a bus seat.’’ f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF BUNNY STEINMAN 
HON. PATRICK MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Bunny Steinman. Bunny was a unique and wonderful soul. Hardworking, fierce, and warm-hearted, she was a pillar of the Florida Democratic Party. Her energy was contagious and if I had to pick one word to describe her, I think ‘‘sparkplug’’ would be most fitting. She wanted all Democrats to work hard— and led by being an outstanding example, with strength and a big heart. And those who worked with her like I did knew that she would never hesitate to let someone know if she saw them slacking. She pushed everyone to do their best out of love—because she knew that’s what our party deserved. We are all going to miss her—not just her leadership in our party, but also her spirit that encouraged us all to do more for our commu-nity and our party. Her contributions to cre-ating a better world for others will last forever. Bunny took so many people under her wing, and I am honored to be one of them. And it is through all of us that her memory lives on. Our community, the state of Florida, and our nation are better because of Bunny, as are the lives of countless individuals who knew her. I know that is true for me. I would not be where I am or who I am today without her support. Mr. Speaker, Bunny was a patriot who loved our country, and I was proud to call her my friend. Bunny, may the road rise up to meet you. You will be missed. 
f 
LARGER THAN LIFE IN MEMORY OF JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory and in sorrow of the passing of Jus-tice Antonin Scalia, who was truly larger than life. He will go down in history as one of America’s greatest Supreme Court Justices. He was a champion for freedom and the Con-stitution, a great family man and a devout man of faith. I submit this poem penned in his honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
Larger, larger than life America’s son, oh so very bright Antonin, for all of America you held the night As you stood with all of our best in Amer-ica’s light Same as all of our Forefathers in sight Who shone in liberty’s sheen so very bright Of something which gleams into the night Of this our most beloved document seen of this sight Who’d the United States Constitution recite Which built this country, not out of luck or by circumstance But by the bedrock upon which all of us have advanced The very foundation upon which all of our freedoms so stand Of such consequence through the decades which commands To whether all of the storms, and battle all of tyranny in all of its forms For no other Nation in this entire world, has had such freedoms upon its citizens un-furled For you Justice Scalia, were but the guardian for all of our children and their future world And even your detractors knew you were larger than life, while upon you their arguments they hurled As you stood there with sword in hand With your pen, your wit, your charm, and your mind to take command All so freedom could stand For you had the gift, of all of your opponents respect and love as so was this If only we had more men like you in this world, who against such divisiveness could rise above like a pearl, then we’d have such the bliss And your greatest love of all, was that of your magnificent family we saw Of what you left behind, to spread out through time Your seeds of love to remind, that the gift of love and life are oh so very divine And just like our Forefathers you were a true man of God For the freedom to worship they stepped upon this very sod No other country across the world, has so been formed out of God And your two greatest reads, The Bible and The Constitution brought to your soul such glee To arm you in the battle for all you would need Now Marshall and all of the greats, have another equal for history to so con-template Brilliant, Brilliant, Brilliant you were my son in so many ways Your written opinions and quest for justice, disarmed all of those arguments and held them at bey Indeed it’s a very sad day For America’s loss, comes at such a high cost Because such men like you Antonin are larg-er than life, and keep all of our freedom’s burning bright As our world just got little bit darker this night We pray that America too will follow your light Supreme, at the top, as into the future upon lips of lawyers and law students, your name shall never stop Rest Rest my son Rise up to heaven Antonin where you so be-long As an Angel in The Army of our Lord so very strong To watch over us you American song And larger than life, and your memory will ever live on God Bless you America’s son, as you did her the day you were born Amen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.003 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE185 February 23, 2016 
A MEMORIAL TRIBUTE TO BARBARA SYKES 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Barbara Sykes, of Bur-bank, California, an accomplished volunteer and community leader who passed away on Thursday, February 11, 2016. Born in 1960, Barbara grew up in Toluca Lake, California. Barbara married Dave Golonski and they raised their three children in Burbank, where she and her husband became deeply involved in their community. Barbara was active in various charitable or-ganizations, before, during and after Dave’s service on the Burbank City Council. Gen-erous with their time and resources, Barbara and Dave frequently hosted events at their home for several organizations that raised money for both local causes and others in need—I always looked forward to their annual holiday party that benefitted the Burbank Co-ordinating Council, Five Acres, the El Faro and Hacienda Orphanages of Tijuana, Mexico and the Kids International Foundation, of which Barbara was a founding member. Ms. Sykes had a passion for charities that benefitted children, and to that end, she was a founding board member of the Boys & Girls Club of Burbank and the Greater East Valley, an organization that she was steadfastly dedi-cated to and active in for over twenty years. Ms. Sykes was a longtime volunteer with the Family Service Agency of Burbank and the Burbank Coordinating Council, where she served as one of the key organizers for their holiday basket program, and created the coun-cil’s ‘‘Coins for Campers’’ program. In addition, Barbara raised funds for the Condor Squad-ron, founded by her father, Richard T. Sykes, a local organization of aviation enthusiasts which flies World War II and other military air-planes in formation over veterans’ events, me-morial ceremonies and parades throughout the region. Barbara is survived by her mother, JoAnn Sykes, husband, Dave Golonski, children, Randi, Russell and John, son-in-law, Nathan Lowery, grandchildren, Grant and JoAnn, and her brothers and sisters, Edmond, Jeanne, Carol, Gene, Richard, John and Mary. Barbara is an irreplaceable member of the Burbank community, and her loss will be deeply felt by the many people whose lives she touched. I ask all Members to join me in remembering one of Burbank’s most beloved citizens, Barbara Sykes. 
f 
HONORING THE RECIPIENT OF NASA’S SMALL BUSINESS SUB-CONTRACTOR EXCELLENCE AWARD: ARCATA ASSOCIATES, INC. 
HON. CRESENT HARDY 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tim Wong and Arcata Associates, Inc., for receiving the Small Business Subcontractor Excellence Award as part of NASA’s 2015 Small Business Industry Awards. Under President and CEO Tim Wong’s lead-ership, Arcata has received a NASA Small Business Industry Award five times since the program began eight years ago. By delivering outstanding support, along with on schedule and on budget results year after year, Arcata has made itself the model for small business success in Las Vegas. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate Tim and all of the Arcata employees for being awarded the Small Business Subcontractor Excellence Award. f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR JAMES THOMAS, JR. 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former mayor of Hinesville, James Thomas, Jr., for his exceptional job as mayor as well as his endless support for our nation’s military. Elected mayor in 2007, Mr. Thomas has dedicated his life to public service. With a graduate degree in Business Management from Central Michigan University and a grad-uate degree in Public Administration from Georgia Southern University, he has served the city of Hinesville and Liberty County for nearly 30 years. Prior to being elected mayor, Mr. Thomas was a military officer and a Department of De-fense civil servant where he worked as a liai-son between Fort Stewart, Liberty County, and the City of Hinesville. In addition, he used his skills as a trained Engineering Project Man-ager to oversee the construction of ‘‘Warriors Walk,’’ a memorial to fallen soldiers and civil-ians at Fort Stewart. Mayor Thomas has also contributed to the prosperity of Hinesville and Liberty County through his numerous public service positions. He was Chairman of the Liberty County Plan-ning Commission, member of the Liberty County Hospital Authority, Hinesville Architec-tural Review Board, and the Hinesville Military Affairs Committee. His remarkable dedication and leadership to Hinesville will truly be missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. SUSAN GORDON 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Susan Gordon, a nationally rec-ognized pediatrician, teacher, and equal rights advocate from Pomona, New York, who passed away January 25. Dr. Gordon opened her pediatric office in Haverstraw, New York after graduating from Howard University College of Medicine in Washington, D.C. In 1958 she started a 25- year career as an associate professor of pedi-atrics, first at New York Medical College and then at Columbia University’s College of Phy-sicians and Surgeons. Dr. Gordon served as a member of the National Panel on the Meas-urement of the Program Effects of Head Start and a member of the Board of Trustees of Nyack Hospital. Dr. Gordon was also a mem-ber and past president of the board at the Lexington School for the Deaf, and the School’s Health Center was named in her honor. Dr. Gordon and her husband, Dr. Edmund W. Gordon, were champions for equal edu-cational opportunity, working with a small group of concerned citizens in the late 50’s and 60’s to integrate the schools in the East Ramapo Central School District. Dr. Gordon was very active in the PTA and later was elected a member of the East Ramapo Central School District Board of Education, where she was elected and served as President for three years. The Drs. Gordon combined their med-ical and educational knowledge and talents to found the Harriet Tubman Child Health and Guidance Clinic in Harlem in the 1950’s, and helped establish the Psycho-Educational Diag-nostic Clinic for children at Columbia Pres-byterian Medical Center (referred to as the Ambulatory Pediatrics Division). In addition to her work in medicine and edu-cation, Dr. Gordon devoted her time and tal-ents to serving the Rockland County commu-nity, and her accomplishments brought her well-deserved recognition. Dr. Gordon was a long-standing board member and served as President of the Martin Luther King Multi-Pur-pose Center Board of Trustees, and on Janu-ary 22, 2000, the classrooms and computer center at the Martin Luther King Multi-Purpose Center were dedicated as the Susan G. Gor-don, M.D. Education Corridor. She was also one of three women recognized at the African American Chamber of Commerce of West-chester & Rockland Counties, Inc.’s 2000 Women’s History Month luncheon. Dr. Gordon was the recipient of the 1999 ‘‘Children’s Champion Award,’’ given by the Early Child Consortium of Rockland County, and in 2006 was inducted, along with her husband, into the Rockland County Civil Rights Hall of Fame. Most recently, the Drs. Gordon founded Gordon and Gordon Associates in Human De-velopment, and their children established the CEJJES Institute and Library in Pomona to continue their parents’ life work in the pro-motion of social justice, particularly as it per-tains to health, education, and the environ-mental and material well being of marginalized communities. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize the many outstanding accomplishments of my constituent, Dr. Susan Gordon. I urge my col-leagues to join me in honoring her exceptional life. f 
HONORING A TRUE BEHIND-THE- SCENES HERO: LORI HENRICKSEN 
HON. CRESENT HARDY 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor Lori Henricksen, an instructor at the Veterans Tribute Career and Technical Acad-emy, for her dedication and tremendous con-tributions toward educating Nevada’s students about career opportunities in emergency tele-communications. As a former 9–1–1 Emer-gency Communications Dispatcher and Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23FE8.005 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE186 February 23, 2016 
Enforcement and Fire Dispatcher, Lori under-stands what it takes to help individuals in times of crisis and how to succeed in this field. I am grateful to have educators like Lori who can bring a wealth of knowledge and real world experience to teach our students. Lori is truly making a positive impact in our students by encouraging tomorrow’s future leaders to take on these lifesaving roles for the better-ment of our communities. I join all Nevadans in saying thank you for your mentorship to our students and for your passion for building up the next generation of emergency dispatchers, our behind-the-scenes heroes. Mr. Speaker, I commend Lori on her outstanding service to educating Nevada’s students and for the years she has devoted to responding to the emer-gencies of our families. I am confident that Lori’s hard work will continue to benefit our communities for many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. RAYMOND C. RINALDI FOR HIS CONTRIBU-TIONS TO OUR COMMUNITY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Mr. Raymond C. Rinaldi for his innumerable contributions to the constituents of my district and surrounding communities through his work with the Ronald McDonald House of Scranton. As a distinguished attor-ney in the region, he has consistently exempli-fied the partnership between private enterprise and community engagement in northeastern Pennsylvania. Admitted to the bar in 1965 and establishing his legal practice in 1972, Raymond has worked tirelessly to establish a firm distin-guished by its principles. Through hard work, client loyalty, confidentiality, and strict ethics, Rinaldi & Poveromo, P.C. has become the symbol of client-focused legal services. Raymond’s defining contribution to the com-munity began nearly three decades ago when he embarked on a project with consequences no one could have foreseen. After being ap-proached by Albert and Carol Mueller about the idea of opening a local Ronald McDonald House in Scranton, personal experience in-spired him to engage in this important under-taking. Raymond and his wife Rosemarie dealt with medical issues after the birth of one of their sons, and encountering firsthand the dif-ficulties parents encounter while seeing their child undergo medical treatment, it was appar-ent that assisting in the implementation of this project was nothing more than a selfless duty. Providing a ‘‘home-away-from-home’’ so families can stay close to their hospitalized children at no cost, the Ronald McDonald House of Scranton has assisted thousands of families in the area with food and lodging while caring for a loved one. Raymond’s hum-ble duty turned out to be a lifelong passion as he served on the organization’s board of direc-tors for nearly three decades, and continues to provide pro-bono legal services to this day. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Mr. Raymond C. Rinaldi for his continued service to the community, as he has promoted an at-mosphere where families can face the weight of medical emergencies together. His selfless dedication has impacted countless lives and I express my deepest gratitude for his service with the hope that Raymond’s work will con-tinue to be the gold standard of service to the community. f 
IN HONOR OF LEESBURG CHIEF OF POLICE, JOSEPH PRICE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor my constituent, Lees-burg Chief of Police Joseph Price. Chief Price will retire on March 1st after serving as the Leesburg Chief of Police for 16 years. Chief Price has worked in law enforcement for over 40 years, serving in the Montgomery County Maryland Police Department for 25 years and in the U.S. Army Reserve, retiring as a Lt. Colonel. Under his leadership, the Leesburg Police Department has become an award win-ning organization focused on positive inter-actions and community policing. While serving a population that has nearly doubled in size, the department earned its first accreditation from the Virginia Department of Criminal Jus-tice Services in 2006, and was subsequently reaccredited in 2010 and 2014. In 2015 the International Association of Chiefs of Police and Motorola awarded the Webber-Seavey Award for Quality in Law Enforcement to the Leesburg Police Department in recognition of their success in improving quality in law en-forcement through innovative projects. Need-less to say, Chief Price’s leadership has served a crucial role in the growth and suc-cess of the Leesburg Police Department. Chief Price earned his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Scranton, and an MBA from the American University in Washington, DC. He is also a graduate of the FBI National Academy and Police Executive Research Forum’s (PERF) Senior Manage-ment Institute for Police. He currently chairs the Northern Virginia Chiefs and Sheriffs Group. Aside from his dedication to our com-munity, Price is an active member of the Ro-tary Club of Leesburg. He is the devoted hus-band of his wife, Lori, and has three children and three grandchildren. I wish to commend Chief Price for faithfully serving the Town of Leesburg, Commonwealth of Virginia, and en-suring the continued safety of Virginia’s 10th District. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. BILL BLAKE 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bill Blake, who passed away January 10, 2016 surrounded by his friends and loved ones. He was 65. Bill was born and raised in Merced. As a young man he worked on farms until joining the Merced Sheriff’s Office in 1971 at the age of 21. Bill served eight sheriffs over a 38 year period, working all across Merced County in-cluding Los Banos and the surrounding West Side. In 2003 Bill was named undersheriff by newly elected Sheriff Mark Pazin; who de-scribed Blake as an excellent undersheriff, a great friend, and ‘‘a tough, no-nonsense guy: never afraid to mix it up with anybody or to tell anybody what he thought . . . we could dis-agree on things and he was never shy about letting me know his thoughts; but in the end, he never, ever held a grudge’’. Current Merced County Sheriff Verne Warnke, who met Blake in the 1970s, echoed that sentiment: ‘‘He taught me that you could take care of business and move on without any grudge whatsoever’’. Warnke credits Blake, and his manner of dealing with people, as a strong influence on him. Former Sheriff Tom Cavallero’s first super-visor in the Merced County Sheriff’s depart-ment was Bill Blake, whom he described as being ‘‘without a doubt the single most influen-tial person I’ve known in my whole career’’. Blake retired from law enforcement in 2009 after winning election to the Merced City Council, where he served two terms. Blake is survived by numerous grand-children and his three children Billy, Tiffany, and Kevin; who followed in his father’s foot-steps as a sergeant in the Sheriff’s Office and current Merced City Councilmember. Bill will be remembered for his accomplishments as a family man and a public servant who leaves behind a proud legacy of fighting for public safety and social justice. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me on this day in a moment of silence in memory of the life and service of Bill Blake. The contributions that he gave throughout his life have, and will continue to have, a lasting impression on the fabric of Merced. He will be missed by many, more than he’ll ever know. f 
CELEBRATING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BAND OF BROTHERS BIBLE STUDY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Band of Brothers Bible Study in Garden City and Savannah, Georgia. Ten years ago, Pastor Kenny Grant and five others started a support group for all walks of life to study God’s word and help each other grow as Christians. Today, Band of Brothers has over two hundred in attendance each Fri-day morning at the Garden City First Baptist Church as well as six hundred and fifty individ-uals receiving weekly videos, in case they miss a meeting. Meetings every Friday morning have be-come a safe place for many to discuss issues in their life and to study more about the Bible and themselves in front of men who have be-come, for many, a second family. Since its beginning, I have had the privilege to be a regular member of the Band of Broth-ers Bible Study, enjoying others’ company, lis-tening to inspirational music, and through the Bible, growing a Christian community with men that I now call my friends. I want to con-gratulate Band of Brothers on their achieve-ments and wish them continued success in the Garden City and Savannah Communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23FE8.007 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE187 February 23, 2016 
HONORING MARGARET RESNICK AS ILLINOIS PARKS AND RECRE-ATION ASSOCIATION’S PROFES-SIONAL OF THE YEAR 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Illinois Parks and Recreation Asso-ciation’s Professional of the Year, Margaret Resnick. The award is given to professionals working in parks and recreation who have had an impact on their communities. Margaret works with other civic leaders to provide cost- effective services for the community. Since 2007, Margaret has led the Mundelein Parks and Recreation District as director. Her smart financial management and search for al-ternative funding and grants has allowed the Park District to thrive. Margaret has brought innovation and technological improvements to the programs and services in Mundelein. Due to her efforts, parks have expanded, and par-ticipation has increased. Mr. Speaker, Margaret Resnick is an inspir-ing community leader who has been creative and practical in providing parks and recreation services to the residents of Mundelein, Illinois. I am proud to celebrate her as the Profes-sional of the Year and look forward to her con-tinued service and leadership in the commu-nity. 
f 
HONORING JAHNAVI MURTHY OF SOUTH RIDING 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate and honor Jahnavi Murthy of South Riding, a young student from my district who has achieved national recognition for ex-emplary volunteer service in her community. The 2016 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, an annual honor conferred on the most impressive student volunteers in each state and the District of Columbia, has named Ms. Murthy as one of their top hon-orees in Virginia. Ms. Murthy has earned recognition for her input in co-funding an organization with her brother called, ‘‘Feed Hungry People.’’ After her work to begin this organization, ‘‘Feed Hungry People’’ has been able to raise $24,000. Each month, this organization sends nonperishable meal packs to impoverished areas including Zambia, Panama, Haiti and the Philippines. It is vital that we encourage the kind of self-less contribution this young citizen has made. People of all ages need to think more about how we, as individuals, can work together at the local level to ensure the health and vitality of our towns and neighborhoods. Young vol-unteers like Ms. Murthy are inspiring examples to all of us. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards was created by Prudential Financial in partner-ship with the National Association of Sec-ondary School Principals in 1995 to impress upon all youth volunteers the importance of their contributions and to inspire other young people to follow their example. I heartily applaud Ms. Murthy for her initia-tive in seeking to make our community a bet-ter place to live, and for the positive impact she has had on the lives of others. Her ac-tions show that young Americans can—and do—play important roles in our communities, and that America’s community spirit continues to hold tremendous promise for the future. f 
HONORING SERGEANT MARCUS WRIGHT 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable law en-forcer, Sergeant Marcus Wright of Byram, Mis-sissippi. Sergeant Wright grew up in Morton, Mis-sissippi. He graduated from Morton High School in 1994. He moved to Jackson, Mis-sissippi and began his law enforcement career by attending the Jackson Police Training Academy from which he graduated with hon-ors in 2001. After graduation, he continued with JPD as a Patrolman, was promoted to Detective in 2003 and began work in the Vice and Narcotics Unit. In 2004, he completed his training with the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion to become a Crisis/Hostage Negotiator. In 2005 he was selected to be part of the Dig-nitary Protection Team that protected the Mayor of the City of Jackson, Mississippi. Since 2011, he has proudly served with the Hinds County Sheriff’s Office as a Sergeant, head of the Internal Affairs Division and now in the Patrol Division. Sergeant Wright has re-ceived extensive training during his career and has been awarded several commendations for his outstanding performance and dedication in the line of duty, and most recently receiving the Officer of the Year Award for 2014. He also serves as a Master Mason in the New Home Masonic Lodge Number 261. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Sergeant Marcus Wright for his dedication to serving our great state of Mis-sissippi. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WENDY MACKENZIE 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Wendy Mac-kenzie, who has dedicated much of her pro-fessional life to supporting women’s right to choose and electing more pro-choice women to office. Tonight she is being honored for her work by Eleanor’s Legacy, an extraordinary or-ganization that is dedicated to electing pro- choice Democratic women in New York State. Her commitment, enthusiasm, and generous use of personal resources have helped count-less women candidates succeed. She has helped women break barriers, persevere and make a difference. Ms. Mackenzie is a public affairs and public relations consultant. In this role, she has worked with clients as diverse as Chemical Bank, community development groups, arts or-ganizations, and Planned Parenthood. Ms. Mackenzie serves as Executive Director of New York ChoicePac, a bi-partisan pro- choice committee for New York State, which has distributed over a quarter of a million dol-lars to over 70 candidates in less than 10 years. For almost ten years, Ms. Mackenzie head-ed the New York office for the non-partisan Women’s Campaign Fund (WCF), which works to elect women who are dedicated to working together and forging solutions. WCF supports candidates running at every level, from the school board to Congress. For two years she served as National Co-Chair for WCF. Currently, she is Co-Chair of WCF’s Women’s Campaign Research Fund. Ms. Mackenzie currently serves as a Vice- Chair of the Board of Planned Parenthood of New York City (PPNYC), and Chair of PPNYC’s Public Affairs Committee. She joined the board in 1991 and served as Board Chair from 1998–2000. Ms. Mackenzie is also a member of the Ad-visory Committee of the New York Women’s Foundation. She also serves on the Board of Advocates for the Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York and on the board of Family Planning Advocates in Albany. Ms. Mackenzie has also worked with Family Plan-ning Advocates NARAL Pro-Choice America and the NARAL Pro-Choice America Founda-tion. Ms. Mackenzie is a Director at the Vira I. Heinz Endowment, which supports a wide variety of organizations devoted to arts and culture; children, youth and families; economic opportunity; education; and the environment. Born in London, Ms. Mackenzie graduated from Radcliffe College in 1955, attended Car-negie Tech (now Carnegie Mellon) Drama School, and studied anthropology at Columbia University. While bringing up her two children, she worked in the theatre as an actress, exec-utive assistant and casting director. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary work of Wendy Mackenzie, a New York woman who makes a difference. f 
HONORING ANNABELLE SCOUT GUNASEKARA 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to congratulate my Chief of Staff, Surya Gunasekara and his wife Mandy, on the birth of their daughter, Annabelle Scout Gunasekara. She was born at 11:16 a.m., on February 18, 2016 in Washington, DC. I would also like to congratulate their son, Rico Rhyder Gunasekara, on becoming a big broth-er who welcomed his baby sister to the world with an enthusiastic Ole Miss cheer, ‘‘Hotty Toddy.’’ Annabelle Scout is 8 pounds and 3 ounces of pride and joy to her loving grandparents, Ada and Michael McGrevey of Decatur, Mis-sissippi, and Brett and Susanne Conrad of Santa Monica, California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.008 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE188 February 23, 2016 
I am so excited for this new blessing to the Gunasekara family and wish them all the best on their future endeavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ELAINE M CCONNELL 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the life of my friend, Elaine McConnell. Elaine led a life of public service and dedicated her career to serving others in our community. Elaine is a Jackson-ville, Florida native, but first moved to Fairfax County in 1961. Shortly thereafter, she took an interest in public service and safety. Elaine served as Springfield District Supervisor for 24 years and championed the construction of the world class McConnell Public Safety Transpor-tation and Operations Center. She was a staunch advocate of transportation initiatives and went on to serve as the Chair of the Northern Virginia Transportation Board. Many know her as the ‘‘mother’’ of the Virginia Rail-way Express because of her leadership as a founding board member. VRE serves an aver-age of 20,000 riders per day and may not exist without Elaine’s lifelong dedication to transportation infrastructure in the region. Most recently, Elaine served on the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority Board as an ap-pointee of Governor McDonnell. Beyond her involvement in transportation initiatives, Elaine was the founder and CEO of Accotink Academy, an education center which serves children with learning disabilities throughout the region. She gained national ac-claim for her study and work of handwriting and math disorders. The school has grown to 400 students and also opened a second loca-tion in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida. Outside of her volunteer work, she was an avid piano player and cook. Elaine will be greatly missed by her husband, Mac, and their three children, Susan, Mark, and Matthew, nine grand-children, and five great-grandchildren. I am honored to recognize Elaine today for her out-standing display of commitment to our com-munity. She was a true public servant and will be missed by all who had the privilege of knowing her. 
f 
WESTERRA CREDIT UNION 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Westerra Credit Union for receiving the Large Business of the Year award from The West Chamber serving Jeffer-son County. In 1934, eight visionary leaders organized a not-for-profit financial cooperative, whose pur-pose was to put the members first when offer-ing financial services and to treat them as val-ued owners. Following mergers and a name change in the early 2000s, the now Westerra Credit Union ranks among the top 150 credit unions in the United States and serves more than 95,000 members. During 80 plus years of operation, Westerra’s ‘‘people helping people’’ philosophy continues to benefit communities across the country by providing fundraising and grant pro-grams. These programs provide money for school art supplies, sports fees and after- school activities. I extend my deepest congratulations to Westerra Credit Union for their honor by The West Chamber. I have no doubt they will ex-hibit the same commitment to the community in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING BRAD COOLEY 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Mr. Brad Cooley for winning the 2016 Congressional App Challenge for the Fourth Congressional District of Colorado. This com-petition receives app submissions from high school students around the country, and seeks to recognize the nation’s best programming talent. Mr. Cooley designed Crunch Time, an app which allows the user to view wait times for restaurants in their area. It also allows the user to submit their wait time for restaurants they have visited. Entrepreneurs are the backbone of our economy and communities. It is the ingenuity and hard work Mr. Cooley embodied during this competition that makes America excep-tional. He has shown true leadership in his school and community. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Colorado, I extend my best wishes to Mr. Cooley as he pursues his future endeav-ors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mr. Brad Cooley for winning the Fourth Congres-sional District of Colorado’s Congressional App Challenge. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HAMILTON HIGH SCHOOL CLASS OF 1965 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, The Hamilton High School Class of 1965 is celebrating its fifty year anniversary today since its commencement as graduates of the DeKalb County, Georgia school system; and Whereas, some of the members of the 1965 Class are here today, Brenda Anderson, Je-rome Anderson, James Bugs, Annie Ruth Curney, Alice Collins, Josephine Crawley, Carolyn Davis, Ella Mae Crumley, Lucille Boyd Durden, David T. Griffin, Abel Johnson, Ora J. Lewis, Willie Martin, Gloria Sutton, Mattie Ruth Crawford Stroud, Jean Thomas, Audrey Swift Wilburn, Dorothy Morton Walker, Gladys Wil-liams, Gwendolyn White, Johnny Williams, and Patricia Woods; and Whereas, these remarkable men and women have been educated in our local public schools, and after graduation have written their stories in assisting our nation to maintain greatness by becoming productive citizens, serving in our Armed Services, becoming small business owners, educators, mothers, fathers, civic leaders, civil servants and com-munity advocates thus allowing our district to have pillars of wisdom and strength for many years to come; and Whereas, The Hamilton High School Class of 1965 members are distinguished citizens of our district, they are spiritual warriors, persons of compassion, fearless leaders and servants to all, but most of all citizens that desire to im-prove the lives of others; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize the Hamilton High School Class of 1965 as they celebrate their 50th Anniversary in Clarkston, Georgia; Now therefore, I, HENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim October 3, 2015 as: The Hamilton High School Class of 1965 Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 3rd day of October, 2015. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. DAVE HENDERSON 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dave Henderson who passed away De-cember 27, 2015, at the age of 57. Dave was born in Merced, California, on July 21, 1958. He attended Dos Palos High School and is the school’s most celebrated athlete. During his high schools years, he was a star baseball and football player. Dave led the Dos Palos High Broncos varsity football team to two Central Valley championships. He had great success as a football player, but Dave decided to progress as a baseball player and accepted a scholarship to play baseball at California State University, Fresno. In 1977, Dave was drafted number one overall by the Seattle Mariners, and his big league career began in 1981 as a center field-er for the Mariners. Dave played for the Mari-ners for six seasons. Baseball fans will best remember Dave for his two strike, two out, ninth inning, game- tying home run as a member of the Boston Red Sox. Thanks to his heroics, the Red Sox won Game five in extra innings and completed a comeback from a three to one American League Championship Series deficit to win the pennant, earning a trip to the 1986 World Se-ries. Dave found his stride as a member of the Oakland Athletics where he played in three consecutive World Series and was a member of the 1989 World Series Champion team. He had career high statistics and was selected to be on the 1991 All-Star team. In 1994, Dave ended his career as a base-ball player after playing 14 seasons with five teams, including the Seattle Mariners, Boston Red Sox, San Francisco Giants, Oakland Ath-letics and Kansas City Royals. After retiring as player, Dave worked as a color analyst for the Seattle Mariners’ broadcasts. Dave was active in several philanthropic en-deavors and believed that giving back was im-portant. He raised money to support research 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.011 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE189 February 23, 2016 
for Angelman Syndrome, a rare genetic dis-order. Additionally, he was also one of the founders of Rick’s Toys for Kids, a charity which provides dozens of agencies with toys so that thousands of children could receive Christmas gifts who would otherwise go with-out receiving one. Beginning in high school and into his career in the major leagues, Dave was known by his teammates and coaches for his ever-present smile and positive demeanor. As his former coach Mike Sparks said, ‘‘I will always remem-ber that big smile . . . He treated everyone like they were a friend.’’ Dave is survived by his sisters Jeannie, Terry, Patricia, and Michelle, brother Al, first wife Loni, wife Nancy, and his two sons Chase and Trent, and Trent’s wife Dani. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life of a great man, Dave Henderson. 
f 
SUZIE SHRIDE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Suzie Shride for receiving the Member of the Year award from The West Chamber serving Jefferson County. Suzie is the owner of Mathnasium of Little-ton. She jumped into the West Chamber with both feet and has been running ever since. Suzie has been instrumental in growing The West Chamber’s presence in South Jefferson County, and helping to grow the first leads group in the area which now has two leads groups. One of the biggest projects Suzie took on was spearheading The West Chamber’s Women in Business breakfasts last year. This event has continued to grow in popularity with the first breakfast of 2016 seeing more than 80 women business owners in attendance. I extend my deepest congratulations to Suzie Shride for her honor by The West Chamber. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and commitment to the com-munity in the future. 
f 
HONORING JOHN A. WICKS, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, John A. Wicks, Jr., who is a native of Jackson, Mississippi. John A. Wicks, Jr. is the son of Mr. and Mrs. John A. Wicks, Sr. of Jackson. He at-tended Jackson Public Schools and graduated from Murrah High School. He then matricu-lated at Alcorn State University in Lorman, Mississippi where he received a B.S. degree in Computer Science and Applied Mathe-matics and was the valedictorian of his grad-uating class. While at Alcorn, Brother Wicks was active in many organizations and served as president of both Alpha Kappa Mu honor society and the Alpha Zeta chapter of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc. Brother Wicks went on to obtain a M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from North Carolina A & T State University in Greensboro, North Carolina and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Virginia where he also served as president of the Black Graduate Student Organization. He has taught Com-puter Engineering at Tuskegee University in Tuskegee, Alabama and Computer Science at Jackson State University in Jackson, Mis-sissippi. In October 1977, Brother Wicks accepted Jesus Christ as his Lord and Savior, uniting with New Hope Baptist Church in Jackson, Mississippi, where he was active in the youth department. In May 1997, while working as an instructor at Tuskegee University, he acknowl-edged the call to preach the gospel. Subse-quently, he attended the Montgomery Bible In-stitute in Montgomery, Alabama and served as an associate minister at Greater Peace Baptist Church in Opelika, Alabama. In August 1998, Brother Wicks began service as an associate minister at New Hope Baptist Church in Jack-son. In August 2000, he accepted the call to serve as the interim pastor of Mount Nebo Baptist Church in Jackson. On January 18, 2001, Brother Wicks was elected to serve as Mount Nebo’s sixth pastor and was installed on March 25th. In addition to his pastoral duties at Mount Nebo, Brother Wicks has served on various community boards including the Mission Mis-sissippi Resource Development Committee. He has also served as a writer for the Clarion- Ledger Faith Forum and is currently serving as the State Director of Education for the Gen-eral Missionary Baptist State Convention of Mississippi, Inc., and the Senior Vice-Moder-ator of the Jackson District Missionary Baptist Association. Brother Wicks has been the recipient of var-ious awards and accolades including the Metro-Jackson chapter of the NAACP 2008 Medgar Evers Award winner, a Mississippi Gospel Music Awards 2011 Pastor of the Year honoree, and the 2011 Image Award Winner for Religion bestowed by Phi Beta Sigma Fra-ternity, Inc. He is married to the former Felice L. Dowd, a native of Marks, Mississippi, and they have three children, John Arthur III, Faith Alexandria and Grace Elizabeth. Finally, Brother Wicks’ motto is traditional, tried and true: ‘‘To God be the glory for the many won-derful things He has done!’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Pastor John A. Wicks, Jr. for his dedication to serving others. f 
RECOGNIZING JOSEPH L. CAMP-BELL UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE CONTRA COSTA WATER DISTRICT BOARD OF DI-RECTORS 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my friend, Joseph L. Campbell of Clayton, California, upon his retirement from the Contra Costa Water District (CCWD) Board of Directors. Mr. Campbell has been an extraordinary community leader throughout Contra Costa County, and I wish him well in retirement. During his 21 years of service at CCWD, most recently as President of the Board, Mr. Campbell never missed a board meeting. He served as co-chairman and a key fundraiser for the successful campaign to approve bonds for the District’s $450 million Los Vaqueros Reservoir Project, and helped lead the effort against the Peripheral Canal in 1982. Mr. Campbell served our community in innu-merable leadership roles over the years at various important community organizations, in-cluding the Contra Costa County Airport Land Use Commission, the Walnut Creek Child Care Task Force, the Walnut Festival Associa-tion, the Northgate High School Sports Boost-ers, and the American Red Cross. Mr. Campbell also leveraged his vast expe-rience as a business owner and engineer, as a Vice President of the Concord Chamber of Commerce, and served as a member of the Concord General Plan Committee and the Founder Advisory Board of Concord Commer-cial Bank. Mr. Campbell is also past president and a founder of the Concord Economic Develop-ment Corporation, a partnership of the Con-cord Chamber of Commerce and the City of Concord. In addition to these many roles, he is a member of the Board of Directors of the East Bay Leadership Council and a member of Concord Rotary Club. A longtime resident of the area, Mr. Campbell is an Honorary Board Member of the Concord Historical Soci-ety. I am grateful for Mr. Campbell’s many ac-complishments and contributions to the suc-cess of our community. I wish Mr. Campbell all of the best in his retirement. Congratulations, Joe, on a remarkable leg-acy of public service in Contra Costa. f 
JEFFERSON COUNTY BUSINESS RESOURCE CENTER (JCBRC) 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Jefferson County Busi-ness Resource Center (JCBRC) for receiving the Nonprofit of the Year award given by The West Chamber serving Jefferson County. JCBRC is a non-profit organization dedi-cated to supporting the small business com-munity in Jefferson County. The group part-ners with businesses to find solutions for doing business in Jeffco. JCBRC helps professionals from planning a start-up enterprise to an established business. They provide a multitude of resources and services to the business community, including free business counseling, business classes and training. Through the annual business expo, JCBRC brings businesses together to foster ‘‘economic gardening’’ where entrepre-neurial activity is fostered by providing infor-mation, tools, and connections needed for business development and growth. I extend my deepest congratulations to the Jefferson County Business Resource Center for being honored by The West Chamber. Thank you for your commitment and service to the business community of Jefferson County, Colorado. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.014 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE190 February 23, 2016 
IN HONOR OF MARIA T. VULLO 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Maria T. Vullo, who is being honored by Eleanor’s Leg-acy as part of its New York Women Making a Difference ceremony. Maria Vullo is an ac-complished litigator who is passionate about women’s rights. She oversaw research which has been instrumental in documenting the many reasons why the Equal Rights Amend-ment is still necessary. On January 21, 2016, in recognition of her extraordinary breadth of experience in financial litigation, Governor Cuomo nominated Ms. Vullo to be Super-intendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services, a position she will as-sume on February 23rd. Ms. Vullo is an experienced senior litigator and manager, who has more than 25 years of trial and appellate experience in a broad range of business litigation and investigations in state and federal courts across the country. Ms. Vullo’s private practice has included mat-ters involving fraud, real estate, health care, insurance, tax, consumer protection, bank-ruptcy, antitrust, constitutional and environ-mental law. Since 2010 she has been of coun-sel at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garri-son LLP, where she had been a partner for 20 years before a brief stint in the Attorney Gen-eral’s office. In 2010, Ms. Vullo oversaw the Economic Justice Division in the Office of the New York State Attorney General, with a staff of approxi-mately 200. She was responsible for numer-ous investor protection, antitrust and con-sumer fraud matters, including Martin Act in-vestigations and settlements, investigations and litigations regarding insurance company practices, allegations of price fixing, bid rigging and other antitrust violations, deceptive con-sumer marketing practices, and violations re-lating to cooperative and condominium offer-ings. Ms. Vullo has always spent a considerable amount of her time on pro bono matters. She is a recognized leader in protecting women’s rights. She represented women raped by sol-diers during the 1992–1995 Bosnian War—a case in which she secured a $745 million jury verdict for the plaintiffs. She also represented abortion providers whose lives had been threatened via an online ‘‘hit list,’’ securing a $100 million jury verdict for the plaintiffs. I came to know Ms. Vullo when she became involved in providing research to explain why we continue to need an Equal Rights Amend-ment. Her brilliance, dedication and determina-tion were evident as she provided invaluable information on the broad range of ways in which women continue to face discrimination, including pregnancy-related discrimination, vio-lence against women, pay inequity and other areas. I am hopeful that Ms. Vullo’s research will lead to the passage of an amendment that will finally ensure that women’s equality is guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution. Ms. Vullo is a member of the Boards of Di-rectors of the National Organization of Italian- American Women, the Women’s Equality Coa-lition and the ERA Coalition, Inc.; and is a member of the New York Women’s Bar Asso-ciation and the Women Trial Lawyers Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Maria T. Vullo, a New York woman who makes an extraordinary dif-ference. f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. SIDMEL ESTES 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, our lives have been touched by the life of this one woman, who gave of her-self in order for others to stand; and Whereas, Ms. Sidmel Estes’ work is present in Atlanta, Georgia for all to see, as an unwav-ering advocate for the youth, an educator, a community leader who worked tirelessly for the rights of our citizens in our district and as a pioneer in journalism and television; and Whereas, she was elected the first woman president of the National Association of Black Journalists; and Whereas, Ms. Sidmel Estes led by working behind the scenes, as well as front and center as an executive producer at WAGA–TV/Fox 5 in Atlanta; as co-creator for the television show Good Day Atlanta; as adjunct professor at Emory University and Clark Atlanta Univer-sity; and Whereas, this virtuous Proverbs 31 woman was a mother, a sister, a daughter and a friend. She was a warrior, a matriarch, and a woman of great integrity; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Ms. Sidmel Estes for her leadership, friendship and service to all of the citizens in Georgia and throughout the Nation; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby at-test to the 114th Congress that Ms. Sidmel Estes of DeKalb County, Georgia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’: Ms. Sidmel Estes, U.S. Citizen of Dis-tinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 10th day of October, 2015. 
f 
HONORING MOTHER MATTIE MAE AMOS-MARSHALL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mrs. Mattie Mae Amos-Marshall, who was born in a small com-munity in Florence, Mississippi called Steen Creek on October 15, 1915 to the late Mr. Ben and Salle White-Amos. Mrs. Marshall married her childhood sweet-heart, the late Mr. Jessie Marshall, at the age of 18 and moved to Flora, Mississippi where she began a family of her own. Mrs. Marshall was baptized at a young age at Stokes Chapel MB Church and later moved her membership to Jones Chapel MB Church where she is a member of the Mother’s Board. Mrs. Marshall moved to Canton, Mississippi as a child and was educated in the Madison County School. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mother Mattie Mae Amos-Mar-shall. f 
GEORGE VALUCK 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize George Valuck for receiv-ing the Steve Burkholder Diamond Legacy award from The West Chamber of Jefferson County. This award is given to an individual who is recognized as a ‘‘shining star’’ due to their leadership and contributions in making Jeffer-son County a better place to work and live. A husband, father and grandfather, Mr. Valuck’s story stretches from Alameda Avenue to serving as entertainment for the royal wed-ding of Lady Diana and Prince Charles. George’s recent focus has been centered on downtown Lakewood and its successful Belmar and City Commons districts. Down-town Lakewood is now home to more than 200 stores, eateries and attractions, as well as thousands of new residents and many employ-ers, and has been cited as a world-wide ex-ample of smart new-urban living. I extend my deepest congratulations to George Valuck for his honor by The West Chamber. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same commitment to the community in the fu-ture. 
f 
HONORING AMANDA WEINSTEIN 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Amanda Weinstein, a young student from my district who was re-cently recognized for exemplary volunteer service. Amanda was named one of the top honorees in Florida by the 2016 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, an an-nual honor given to the most impressive stu-dent volunteers throughout our Nation. Currently a senior at North Broward Pre-paratory School, Amanda founded the ‘‘Family Central Teen Advisory Board’’ in 2013. Since then, she has encouraged fifty teens to share in her mission to assist the parent organization Family Central, a nonprofit that helps children and families in need. Amanda, who had been volunteering with Family Central for ten years, organizes toy, food, clothing and school sup-ply drives, and has also created a tutoring and mentoring program. Among thousands of volunteers who partici-pated in this year’s program, Amanda’s dedi-cation and strive for excellence stood out as exceptional. I applaud Amanda for her initia-tive in seeking to make our community a bet-ter place to live. I happily congratulate Amanda and wish her the best of luck in her future academic and community pursuits. It is with great pleasure that I honor her, and I know that she will con-tinue to inspire young South Floridians to live by her example. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.017 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE191 February 23, 2016 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,052,403,868,282.85. We’ve added $8,425,526,819,369.77 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT DENNIS HOPSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable law en-forcer, Lieutenant Dennis Hopson. On September 25, 1977, Pink Lee Hopson and Walter Williams gave birth to Dennis Hopson. On December 17, 1980, Pink Hopson married Johnny Gibson, who at that time was a father in his life and raised Dennis. Lieuten-ant Hopson has resided in Tunica County for 38 years. He is a 1996 graduate of Rosa Fort High School in Tunica, Mississippi. His first job was with Parker Tractor as a parts delivery person, where he learned how to sell parts. In March 1998, he joined the Tunica Volunteer Fire Department and at-tended the Mississippi Fire Academy for train-ing. In October of 1999, Dennis began working for the Tunica County Sheriff’s Department as a jailer for four years. In September of 2003, he attended the Mississippi Law Enforcement Officer Training Academy and received certifi-cation in November of that same year. At that time, he became a Deputy Sheriff with the Tunica County Sheriff’s Department. Since his employment with Tunica County Sheriff’s Of-fice, he has served in many capacities, such as: County Fire Arson Investigator; Warrant Officer; Sex Offenders Registry Officer; Emer-gency Vehicle Operator Instructor; Field Train-ing Officer, Task Force Team—Homeland Se-curity; Emergency Response Team (ERT); Pa-trol Supervisor and Crime Stoppers Program of Tunica County. He is a member of the Tunica County Color Guard Team. At the present time, Mr. Hopson still holds these po-sitions. In September 2014, he was assigned to the United States Marshals Task Force in Oxford, Mississippi. Mr. Hopson is married to Stacy L. Hopson, wife of 16
1⁄2years, who works as a teacher at the Institute of Community Services (ICS Head start) for the last year. He is a devoted father of three children. Mr. Hopson’s goals are to continue to serve and protect the citizens of Tunica County for many more years to come, through God and determination and will con-tinue to make a difference in his community. Mr. Hopson possesses sound judgment, a great sense of accountability to the citizens of Tunica County and an irreproachable profes-sionalism. He is a God-fearing individual who seeks to serve the citizens of Tunica County with the utmost respect, dignity and honesty. His reputation as a Deputy Sheriff is very well trusted and dependable. In 2010 and 2011, he lost both of his par-ents, but never gave up on life. He kept the faith and allowed God to lead him. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Lieutenant Dennis Hopson for his dedication in being a respected and out-standing Law Enforcer. f 
FOOTHILLS CREDIT UNION 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Foothills Credit Union for receiving the Small Business of the Year award from The West Chamber serving Jeffer-son County. The Small Business of the Year award is awarded to a business with 50 employees or less and is engaged in improving the business community in Jefferson County. Offering its members a unique credit builder program, as well as bilingual services and tax refund anticipation loans, Foothills Credit Union has served the community for more than 68 years. Foothills Credit Union has been the Dona-tion Sponsor for The West Chamber’s Cele-brate Women event, donating more than $9,000 to the honorees’ non-profits. I extend my deepest congratulations to Foothills Credit Union for their honor by The West Chamber. I have no doubt Foothills Credit Union will exhibit the same dedication and service to its community in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MR. DAN NELSON 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of my good friend Dan Nelson, who is retiring after 24 years as the original Executive Director of the San Luis & Delta Mendota Water Authority. Since its inception the Water Authority has been well-served by Dan’s bril-liance, positive outlook, enormous knowledge and engaging personality. Dan was educated at the University of Wis-consin at Eau Claire and Fresno State after having grown up in Los Banos, California. Dan brought the experience to the fledgling Water Authority that he gained as General Manager of the San Luis Water District (1987–1991) and the Broadview Water District (1979– 1987), as well as experience in the Operations Division of the San Luis Canal Company (1977–1979). As Executive Director Dan promoted re-spect, integrity, fairness, creativity, drive and a deep appreciation of family among those that he worked with. To address the complex issues before the Water Authority Dan had the vision to create a three-legged strategy for both short and long-term issues: administrative engagement, regulatory/legislative engage-ment, and litigation. This approach fostered a framework for thoughtful decision-making dur-ing challenging times. Dan served the water community outside of his responsibilities with the Water Authority by participating in numerous water-related organi-zations such as the Land Preservation Asso-ciation, California Irrigation Institute, Associa-tion of California Water Associations, Cali-fornia Water Education Foundation and many other boards, committees, and stakeholder groups. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me, as well as the entire San Luis Delta- Mendota Water Authority family, in recognizing Dan Nelson’s 24 years of service. f 
IN MEMORIAL RECOGNITION OF THOMAS TIGUE FOR A LIFETIME OF SERVICE TO THE COMMON-WEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Thomas Tigue, who passed away Monday, February 1, 2016. As a war veteran, school board member, state rep-resentative, father, and grandfather, Tom’s life was one dedicated to helping others. Tom will be honored posthumously by the Pittston Sun-day Dispatch, receiving the paper’s Joseph Saporito Sr. Lifetime of Service Award. Born and raised in Hughestown, Thomas was a graduate of St. John the Evangelist High School in Pittston in 1964. He received his degree in Government from King’s College in Wilkes-Barre while also serving as a reserv-ist in the Marine Corps. Following graduation, Tom married and deployed to Vietnam. While serving as an Infantry Platoon Commander, Thomas earned a Silver Star for gallantry in combat. He remained with the Marine Corps Reserve for 27 years before returning to work as a counselor at Hickory Run State Park in White Haven and as a computer program ana-lyst for Metropolitan Life Insurance, both while taking business classes at King’s College. From 1977–1979, Tigue served on the Pittston Area School Board. In 1980, Tom was elected as a Representa-tive for the 118th Legislative District in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, serv-ing the residents of Luzerne, Lackawanna, and Monroe counties. He remained in the State House for 26 years, retiring in 2006. During his tenure, Thomas served as the Democratic Chair of the House Veterans Af-fairs and Emergency Preparedness Com-mittee, where he helped establish the Military Family Relief Assistance Program which pro-vides assistance to eligible Pennsylvania serv-ice members and their family members finan-cially impacted by military service. After his service in the legislature, Thomas worked as Managing Director of the Delaware River Mari-time Enterprise Council until his retirement in 2010. It is an honor to recognize an individual who led a truly outstanding life. I am grateful for all of the work Thomas did for his community and for the people of Pennsylvania. His passing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.021 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE192 February 23, 2016 
only six months after his wife Dianne’s pass-ing, is deeply saddening, and he will be great-ly missed by the many people he helped. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BISHOP MILES E. FOWLER 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, Bishop Miles E. Fowler, is cele-brating thirty-eight years as pastor of Big Miller Grove Missionary Baptist Church in Lithonia, Georgia; and Whereas, Bishop Fowler under the guidance and calling of God, began preaching the word of God forty-one years ago; and Whereas, thirty-eight years ago upon be-coming pastor at Big Miller Grove Missionary Baptist Church, he has transformed the church into a City of Refuge for Saints in DeKalb County; and Whereas, Bishop Fowler has been a trail-blazer, teaching the gospel on a national and international level, motivating us all to live a life that is worthy of imitation of God’s grace: humility, love, godliness, integrity and a com-mitment to prayer; and Whereas, Bishop Fowler served our nation with honor as a member of the United States Air Force, past opening speaker for the Geor-gia State Senate and guest Chaplin for open-ing the United States Congress; and Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious man of God continues to be a blessing to us as a spiritual leader, an educator and a com-munity leader who not only talks the talk, but walks the walk; and Whereas, Bishop Fowler is a spiritual war-rior, a man of compassion, an author and a servant to all, but most of all a visionary who has shared with his Church, my District and the world his passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Bishop Miles E. Fowler, as he celebrates his 38th Pastoral An-niversary; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ J
OHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim October 25, 2015 as: Bishop Miles E. Fowler Day in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 25th day of October, 2015. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE REDUCING LONG-TERM UNEMPLOYMENT ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Reducing Long-Term Unemployment Act, to address one of the lingering workforce tragedies in today’s economy—our long-term unemployed—and to keep the economy grow-ing. Although the overall unemployment rate has fallen below 5 percent, Americans who have remained unemployed for longer than 27 weeks have not enjoyed a similar recovery. In January 2016, the number of long-term unem-ployed (those jobless for 27 weeks or more) was 2.1 million, which accounted for 26.9 per-cent of the total unemployed population. To make matters even worse, the long-term unemployed now face employment discrimina-tion as employers show reluctance to hire job- seekers because of the length of their unem-ployment. Therefore, my bill provides a nec-essary incentive to hire the long-term unem-ployed—a $5,000 tax credit for employers against their payroll tax liability for each (net) new long-term unemployed person they hire. The tax credit is large enough to give employ-ers an incentive to increase the hiring and wages of those who have been unjustifiably left behind, while ensuring that the economy benefits from their participation. The credit would be available to the broadest base of employers because every employer—govern-ment, non-profit, and for-profit—pays payroll taxes, and employers could claim the credit on a quarterly rather than annual basis. Accord-ing to the independent, non-partisan Congres-sional Budget Office, the proposal would ‘‘in-crease both output and employment,’’ through four mechanisms: (1) with lower employment costs, employers would reduce the costs of their products and services, which, in turn, would first boost sales and then hiring and hours worked; (2) employers would pass on some of the tax savings to employees in the form of higher wages or other compensation, which, in turn, would increase employees’ pur-chasing power; (3) higher profits would lead to higher stock prices for public companies, in-creasing shareholders’ wealth and therefore their willingness to spend; and (4) with lower employment costs, employers would increase hiring. The bill has safeguards to prevent em-ployers from gaming the system, including de-nying a credit to an employer that fires one employee and hires a replacement in order to take advantage of the incentive. For some time, it has been clear that tar-geted policies are necessary to address to-day’s stubborn long-term unemployment rates. Without significant targeting, the long-term un-employed are in danger of becoming perma-nently unemployed. This group of competent and experienced Americans deserves better. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
DUANE PATTERSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Duane Patterson, owner of Body & Sole Connection, for receiving the Am-bassador of the Year award from the West Chamber of Jefferson County. The West Chamber Ambassadors are the hospitality arm of the Chamber. They help members by inviting them to events, intro-ducing them to other members and making new members feel a part of the West Cham-ber family. Duane Patterson embodies all the qualities of a great ambassador. His dedication to the West Chamber is evident in his diligent atten-tion to his Ambassador duties. Duane is sim-ply everywhere there is a West Chamber func-tion—whether it’s a ribbon cutting registering and greeting guests, or helping to set up for major events. I extend my deepest congratulations to Duane Patterson for his well-deserved honor by The West Chamber serving Jefferson County. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same commitment to the community in the fu-ture. f 
HONORING REV. ROBERT L. MILLER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a God-fearing and im-pressionistic man Rev. Robert L. Miller. Rev. Miller has shown what can be done through tenacity, dedication and a desire to serve God. Rev. Miller has done many things through-out his life, but inside he has always been a preacher. At 89 years old, he can’t see himself ever hanging it up, because it’s his calling. Some of the members of the church have said their church will close its doors if he leaves. He is currently serving five churches on a rotation schedule where he will do two serv-ices a Sunday except one Sunday a month, he only does one service. Forty years ago in July is when he first took the pulpit at New Mount Zion M. B. Church. Eleven years later in June 1986, he began serving his fifth church, Locust Grove M. B. Church. He also preached at Providence M. B. Church from 1971 until 1986. He has served as vice moderator of the Sharkey County Bap-tist Association and is currently the moderator of the Warren County Baptist Association. He was ordained in December 1968 and started serving his first church just weeks later. The profession is so much a part of his soul; oftentimes he slides into preacher mode mid-conversation. The only job Rev. Miller has ever had besides being a preacher was a let-ter carrier for 25 years. At 18, Miller was drafted and left high school to join World War II. He spent time in France, England, Belgium and Germany as a medic. Once the war was over, he returned to Vicksburg to finish his high school degree at Bowman High School. Rev. Miller married two years later and had eight children with his wife of almost 30 years. She passed away in 1979. He was remarried in August 2013 to Elease Fisher Miller. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Rev. Robert L. Miller for 40 years of service to New Mount Zion M. B. Church. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TOWN OF HAVERSTRAW 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Town of Haverstraw in Rockland County, New York, as it begins the celebration of its 400th anniversary year. I am honored to represent in the Congress this community with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.024 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE193 February 23, 2016 
its richly diverse population, historic brick homes, beautiful views of the Hudson River, and a growing business district. Haverstraw is a Dutch name which means ‘‘Oat Straw,’’ referring to the straw of the river meadows that once filled Haverstraw Bay. Balthazar de Harte, a New York merchant, purchased the tract of land along the river that would become Haverstraw in 1666 from the Lenni Lenape confederation of the Algonquin Indians. The precinct of Haverstraw was cre-ated in 1719 when it separated from Orangetown, and officially became a town in 1788. Today, the Town includes the Village of Haverstraw, the Village of West Haverstraw, and part of the Village of Pomona. In 1780, Haverstraw was the scene of a major plot, which if it had succeeded, could have changed the course of the Revolutionary War. American General Benedict Arnold had convinced George Washington to give him command of the fort at West Point, but se-cretly was involved in treasonable negotiations with English Emissary Major John Andre to sell the plans to West Point to the British. Ar-nold and Andre met during the night on the beach of Haverstraw, but the negotiations were not completed by dawn. Arnold and Andre fled, and Andre was captured in Tarrytown on his way back to British lines. Haverstraw is located in the widest point of the Hudson River, which was the main artery of trade between New York City and Albany, as well as the dividing line between New Eng-land and other colonies. In the 18th, 19th, and early 20th centuries, Haverstraw was home to several key industries. It became the greatest center of brick production in the nation, one year shipping out more than 300 million bricks from Haverstraw Bay for the New York City area. The Rockland Print Works incorporated in 1853 to print and dye woolen, cotton and linen goods, and the current owner, Garnerville Holding Company, now rents space to businesses, artists and craftsmen. These buildings are some of the few examples of the 19th century factory architecture still in use in the United States. Haverstraw has a diverse history, rich with culture. Central Presbyterian Church was founded in 1846 and moved to its present lo-cation with its beautiful Tiffany windows in 1909. The Congregation of the Sons of Jacob, established in 1877, is the oldest Jewish con-gregation in Rockland County. In 1905 the New York State Hospital for the Care of Crip-pled and Deformed Children purchased 48 acres of land in West Haverstraw, known as the Lilburn Estate, opening a facility that be-came world famous for its rehabilitation and research programs. In 1974, the hospital was renamed the Helen Hayes Hospital to recog-nize the great contributions of the famous ac-tress to the institution. The Haverstraw King’s Daughters Public Library was chartered in 1895 and opened its present building on Main Street in 1903. Today, Haverstraw is a shining example of a diverse community working together to bet-ter the Town as a whole. Residents hail from Latin America, Russia, India, and all over the world, giving Haverstraw a global culture all its own. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting the Town of Haverstraw on this special anniversary as its residents celebrate its distinguished past and look ahead to a strong future. TRIBUTE TO PASTOR CLINTON M
CFARLAND 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia, there are many individuals who are called to contribute to the needs of our community through leadership and serv-ice; and Whereas, one of those individuals, Pastor Clinton McFarland, has given of himself to preach the word of God for twenty-five years; and Whereas, under the guidance of God he has pioneered and sustained Grace Baptist Church as an instrument in our community that betters the spiritual, physical and mental welfare of our citizens; and Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious man of God has shared his time and talents for the betterment of our community by preaching, singing and being a living example of the Gospel; and Whereas, Pastor Clinton McFarland is a spiritual warrior, a man of compassion and great courage, a fearless leader, and above all, a visionary who has shared not only with his church, but with our District and the world, the passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Pastor Clinton McFarland for his leadership and service for our District as he celebrates his 25th Pastoral Anniversary; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H
ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim Jan-uary 17, 2016 as: Pastor Clinton McFarland Day in the 4th Congressional District of Geor-gia. Proclaimed, this 17th day of January, 2016. 
f 
NAISMITH MEMORIAL BASKET-BALL HALL OF FAME COMMEMO-RATIVE COIN ACT 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to intro-duce the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act, a bill that would have the U.S. Treasury mint coins in recognition of the Hall of Fame’s 60th anniver-sary. These unique dome-shaped coins that would come at no expense to the taxpayers is the ideal symbol for the first and only museum that honors the sport on all levels around the world. In my hometown of Springfield, Massachu-setts in 1891, a young physical education teacher by the name of James Naismith intro-duced this simple game to his class that he called, ‘‘basket ball.’’ Since then, the world of sports has never been the same. The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame was founded in his honor in 1959, even though all they had was a couple of displays at Springfield College. The Hall of Fame has since grown into one of the most impressive structures on the Springfield skyline, where more than 6 million visitors a year get to see hundreds of thousands of items of memora-bilia spanning the past hundred years. More than 300 people have been enshrined at the Hall of Fame since its inception. Some of the great players of all time such as Michael Jor-dan, Larry Bird, and Wilt Chamberlain, along with some of the legendary coaches like Pat Summit and John Wooden will forever be im-mortalized for their contribution to this sport. As importantly, the Hall of Fame has always been an advocate for good sportsmanship and promoting respect on and off the court. Mr. Speaker, what began as a simple game in a gym has transformed into a worldwide sensation that attracts millions of spectators every night. It is for this reason that I ask that the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame receive this great recognition and I ask my colleagues to support this bill. f 
DR. JACKIE O’BEIRNE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Jackie O’Beirne for re-ceiving the Woman-Owned Business of the Year award given by The West Chamber serv-ing Jefferson County. Growing up with an orthodontist as a dad, Dr. Jackie was fascinated by his profession and went to work with him on weekends. This grew into a lifelong love for the profession, es-pecially interacting and caring for the patients. In her practice today, Dr. Jackie enjoys helping people get healthy by providing them with education and evidence-based treatment. She has seen firsthand how lives can be transformed by bringing people to optimum health so they can keep their teeth for life. She gets the most satisfaction when patients leave her office with a smile and appreciation for her dental care. I extend my deepest congratulations to Dr. Jackie O’Beirne for her well-deserved honor from The West Chamber. Thank you for your continued commitment to the community. 
f 
HONORING FRED JONES, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mr. Fred Jones, Jr. From a little boy, Mr. Jones wanted to serve his country. At the age of 18, after graduating from school, Mr. Jones enlisted in the United States Air Force. He served in the 2nd Air-borne Command and Control Squadron in several capacities, retiring at the rank of MSgt after 21 years. Mr. Jones continued serving his country for an additional 30 years, in the Federal Government with the Internal Rev-enue Service. Mr. Jones worked tirelessly in his commu-nity as a barber, donating haircuts to neigh-borhood kids in need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.028 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE194 February 23, 2016 
A native of Sharkey County, Mr. Jones is an active member of Aldersgate United Methodist Church, where he served as Deacon. Mr. Jones and his wife of 59 years, Clementine Jones, are the proud parents of 4 children, 16 grandchildren and 9 great-grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Fred Jones, Jr. for his tire-less dedication. 
f 
90TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LOU-ISIANA MUNICIPAL ASSOCIATION 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise with every mem-ber of the Louisiana House delegation to com-memorate the 90th anniversary of the Lou-isiana Municipal Association. On January 28, 1926, the first Louisiana Conference of May-ors was held to adopt their Constitution, and elect Mayor F.J. Foisy of Alexandria the first president of the organization. That group would eventually become what is known today as the Louisiana Municipal Association. Since its inception, the LMA has tirelessly served municipalities of our state, thereby improving the quality of life for the citizens of our cities, towns, and villages. Today, the LMA zealously represents the interest of its 305 members, in-cluding 127 villages, 112 towns, 64 cities, and 2 parishes. It is my honor to commend this great organization for its non-partisan commit-ment to legislative advocacy, education, tech-nical assistance, and a myriad of member services that enable municipal governments to run efficiently and effectively. One of the great advantages of the LMA, is that it provides a forum for municipal leaders to meet and assist each other in solving problems common to all municipalities. To help fulfill its three-fold mission of edu-cation, advocacy, and service, the LMA has created a variety of initiatives. The LMA holds several events each year; an annual conven-tion, a Mid-Winter Conference, ten district meetings, a Municipal Day during the state’s legislative session, and 15 or more annual webinars. 2016 has been deemed the ‘‘Year of Education’’ to launch the initiative for en-hanced education benefitting municipal entities and their employees. It will be a year-long celebration commencing with the LMA’s Mid- Winter Conference in February. The LMA has staff dedicated to state and federal legislative advocacy, an effort that has been successful on both fronts. On the federal level, the LMA played a critical role in the en-actment of the Homeowners Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 by joining forces with the National League of Cities and other coast-al state municipal leagues to lead the charge in lobbying Congress to enact critical reforms to the Biggert Waters Act of 2012, thereby fa-cilitating affordable homeowner flood insur-ance in Louisiana and across the country. On the state level, the LMA has been a strong voice for Louisiana municipalities in efforts to fight blight, promote law enforcement, maintain funding, and enhance economic growth. To provide excellent member services, the LMA has formed two wholly-owned subsidi-aries: Risk Management, Inc., which manages a self-insurance fund that addresses the insur-ance and liability needs of members; and the Louisiana Municipal Advisory and Technical Services Bureau, Inc., which provides out-standing and economical operational support programs to its members. In addition, the LMA boasts two political subdivisions: Unemploy-ment Compensation Fund and the Louisiana Municipal Gas Authority. Other notable serv-ices, affiliate organizations, and advisory orga-nizations include: the Computer and Internet Technology Assistance Program, which pro-vides municipalities with free computer equip-ment and internet access to link them to the digital world; the Municipal Employees Retire-ment System; Louisiana Association of Chiefs of Police; Louisiana Conference of Mayors; Louisiana City Attorneys Association; Lou-isiana Recreation and Parks Association; Lou-isiana Municipal Clerks Association; Louisiana Association of Tax Administrators, Louisiana Fire Chiefs Association, Louisiana Airport Managers and Associates, Louisiana Munic-ipal Black Caucus Association, Louisiana Rural Water Association, Louisiana Associa-tion of Municipal Secretaries and Assistants, and the Building Officials Association of Lou-isiana. The Louisiana Municipal Association’s Exec-utive Board is currently under the direction of President Mayor Carroll Breaux of Springhill. President Breaux’s Executive Committee is composed of First Vice President Mayor Bar-ney Arceneaux of Gonzales; Second Vice President Mayor Lawrence Henagan of DeQuincy; Immediate Past President Mayor David Camardelle of Grand Isle; and District A Vice President Mayor Jimmy Williams of Sib-ley. The Executive Director is Ronnie Harris, former mayor of Gretna for 28 years. From its humble beginnings consisting of only 29 forward-thinking mayors seeking to empower their communities, the LMA has evolved into an exemplary organization earn-ing the esteem and trust of local, state, and federal elected officials. The LMA exemplifies the enthusiastic co-operation that is necessary to achieve a better and brighter Louisiana. For 90 years, they have advanced with technology, all while maintaining the core values that drive their success. Let’s all send our warmest congratu-lations to the Louisiana Municipal Association for 90 years of excellence in the State of Lou-isiana. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. ALEX MOIR 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the life of Dr. Alex Moir, who passed away on December 19, 2015, at the age of 53. Dr. Moir was an extraordinary indi-vidual and he will always be remembered as someone who lived his life with purpose and great dedication to his family, patients, and community. Dr. Moir attended the University of Cali-fornia, Santa Barbara, where he received a bachelor’s degree, prior to attending the Uni-versity of Miami, where he received his med-ical degree. Upon graduating from the Univer-sity of Miami, Dr. Moir completed his resi-dency in Family and Community Medicine at the University of California San Francisco (UCSF) Fresno and joined the faculty after graduating. Among his many contributions to the Valley, Dr. Moir focused his work on rural and small communities, the education of resident med-ical students, midlevel providers in the practice of full scope family medicine, and Latino and medically underserved health care. Dr. Moir also taught and practiced rural medicine in the Selma area for twenty years, serving as the Director for Selma Pathway from 1995 until he took on the role of Chief at UCSF Fresno. Fur-thermore, he was active on the medical staff of Selma Hospital (now Adventist Medical Center, Selma), previously serving as Chief of Staff and Chief of Medicine. Throughout his career, Dr. Moir received many teaching awards and was recognized by the Adventist/Central Valley Network with the Physician of the Year Mission award. He re-ceived this award for his commitment in pro-viding physical, mental, and spiritual care to his patients, something for which he was well known. As an advocate of health awareness, Dr. Moir frequently spoke to high school and college students about healthcare and medi-cally underserved communities. Furthermore, he was also a member of the American Acad-emy of Family Medicine, the Society of Teach-ers of Family Medicine, the American Medical Association, the Children’s Medical Associates and the Fresno-Madera Medical Society. Dr. Moir’s contributions to the people he touched will be his legacy. He clearly was a patient’s doctor and was viewed as an excel-lent teacher and well-respected practitioner of medicine by all his peers. While he adminis-tered to his patients, he also found joy in teaching his students. More important, while he could have taught and practiced medicine in many places, he chose to be where he was most needed, in our Valley. He is survived by his wife Elise Hallowell Moir and their sons Taylor and Alden Moir. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to join me in honoring the life of Dr. Moir. Dr. Moir touched and aided so many throughout his much too short life. His loving nature and genuine character will be greatly missed by all who knew him. f 
TRIBUTE TO T.A.D.A. 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, this year we celebrate the 104th anniversary of the Republic of China, the Na-tional Day of the Republic also known as Dou-ble Ten Day; and Whereas, the Taiwanese American Diversity Associates for the past ten (10) years have continuously assisted new Taiwanese Amer-ican immigrants in our community through do-mestic support, cultural support, technical as-sistance in education, business, government and daily activities; and Whereas, the Taiwanese American Diversity Associates are working with a coalition of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.031 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE195 February 23, 2016 
business, political, educational and community leadership to foster economic development in the metro area of Washington, D.C., at its community service center; and Whereas, through the work of the Tai-wanese American Diversity Associates, our community has been educated and strength-ened, and the lives of many Taiwanese Ameri-cans have been touched, and their spirits up-lifted; and Whereas, the board, staff, supporters and friends of the Taiwanese American Diversity Associates have gathered today to celebrate the 104th year of the Republic of China and the 10th Anniversary of this essential organi-zation; and Whereas the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia wishes to honor and recognize the Taiwanese American Diversity Associates for their long history of outstanding service to our Community; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby pro-claim October 10, 2015 as: Taiwanese Amer-ican Diversity Associates Day in the 4th Con-gressional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 10th day of October, 2015. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AMANDA HALLMAN 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Amanda Hallman of West Chatham Elementary School in Pooler, Geor-gia, for winning the 2017 Savannah-Chatham County Teacher of the Year Award. Ms. Hallman is a 10 year teaching veteran and has been teaching math and science to 5th graders at West Chatham Elementary School for 3 years. Ms. Hallman says she was inspired to be a great teacher after her grand-mother and co-teacher died within two days of each other last year. Ms. Hallman’s inspiration is certainly notice-able in her enthusiastic commitment to moti-vate as well as educate using funny accents and dressing up in costumes while teaching classes. She explores almost any avenue to help her students learn. On February 11th, Ms. Hallman was recognized at the Savannah- Chatham County Public Schools Teacher of the Year Gala at the Savannah International Trade Center during which she was presented the Teacher of the Year Award. Competition for the award is fierce since the award is presented a year in advance due to the time consuming and rigorous selection process. Fifty-five of the top teachers from the Savannah-Chatham County area wrote es-says, were observed in the classroom, and were personally interviewed by community leaders and former Teachers of the Year. Ms. Hallman was also presented with a flag of Lib-erty and Learning which will be flown above her school, given the opportunity to lead the Professional Senate, and will now compete for the Georgia State Teacher of the Year Award. I am thankful to have Ms. Hallman teaching in Georgia’s First Congressional District and wish her all the best in her future endeavors. HONORING MR. CLEVELAND PEPPER HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a multi-talented gen-tleman, Mr. Cleveland Pepper, owner of Pep-per’s Upholstery and More. Mr. Cleveland Pepper is a resident of Cary, Mississippi. He graduated in 1959 from N.D. Taylor High School located in Yazoo City, Mis-sissippi. He started upholstery in October of 1986 under the leadership of Mr. Fritz Johnson of Hamilton, Michigan. He worked as a trainer for two years and was able to pass all require-ments receiving a Certificate in Upholstery in 1987. Mr. Pepper is a good steward of the com-munity and enjoys learning new information and techniques. He attended a government program at Mississippi Christian Family Cen-ter. He taught upholstery classes through the Job Training Partnership Act (JTPA) to assist the unemployed to seek employment and be-come employable through training and assist-ance. In 2003 he decided to open Pepper’s Upholstery and More in Rolling Fork, Mis-sissippi. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Cleveland Pepper for his hard work, dedication and a strong desire to achieve. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MR. JACOB CHAPMAN BELIN, JR. 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Rep-resentative M
CCARTHY and Representative V
ALADAO , rise today to congratulate Mr. Jacob Chapman Belin, Jr. on his well-deserved re-tirement as President of Kern Oil & Refining Co. He deserves to be commended for his tireless work within the petroleum industry and for his outstanding work with Kern Oil for the past forty-four years. Mr. Belin was born in Port St. Joe, Florida on March 31, 1948 to Jacob Chapman Belin, Sr. and Myrle Fillingim Belin. As a young stu-dent, Mr. Belin was actively engaged in his studies and was well-known for his passion for basketball. He attended Port St. Joe High School where he was recognized as Florida’s second-leading scorer in basketball, served as President of his senior class, and graduated as valedictorian in 1966. Upon graduation from high school, Mr. Belin attended North Carolina State University (NCSU) where he graduated in 1970 and re-ceived a Bachelor of Science degree in Phys-ical Sciences and Applied Mathematics, with a dual minor in Engineering Mechanics and Eco-nomics. While at NCSU, Mr. Belin was also a member of Phi Kappa Phi, one of the nation’s oldest multidisciplinary collegiate honor soci-eties. Mr. Belin went on to attend Georgia In-stitute of Technology from 1970–1972 in pur-suit of a Master’s Degree in Industrial Man-agement. During the summer of 1972, Mr. Belin began to work at Charter Oil Company in Jacksonville, Florida. While at Charter Oil Company, Mr. Belin had the opportunity to work with different Charter Oil Company sub-sidiaries, which included Kern County Refinery (now known as Kern Oil and Refining Co.). The work that Mr. Belin did with Kern County Refinery led him to accept a job offer at the Kern County Refinery office in Cerritos, Cali-fornia in April of 1974. Mr. Belin worked in the Refinery’s crude oil and products supply mar-keting department until 1977. While pursuing his career in the petroleum industry, Mr. Belin married the love of his life Betty Grace Phillips on June 29, 1974. To-gether they had one son, Phillip Andrew Belin who was born on October 5, 1977. Mr. and Mrs. Belin always ensured that Phillip was in-volved in sports and recreational activities. Furthermore, Mr. Belin was very active in young Phillip’s Little League baseball program, was a manager of several of Phillip’s youth baseball teams, and coached his youth bas-ketball team for several years alongside his good friends, Tom Jensen and Ed Lassiter. Phillip married Marie Milligan and has blessed Mr. Belin and Betty with four grandchildren, Simon, James, Whitney and Serena. In addi-tion to being a family man, Mr. Belin is a man of faith and has been heavily involved in faith- based activities within the communities he lived in over the past years. These activities include serving as an adult Sunday school teacher at Champion Forest Baptist Church and being a member of Rolling Hills Covenant Church as well as Peninsula Community Church. By mid-1977, Mr. Belin had opened a crude oil, products and LPG trading office for Kern County Refinery in Houston, Texas. He served in the Houston office until 1984 and was then relocated back to Long Beach, California to what was known as Kern Oil and Refining Co. It was in Long Beach, in 1985 that Mr. Belin was promoted and became President of Kern Oil and Refining Co. Mr. Belin received the Distinguished Alum-nus Award from the College of Physical and Mathematical Sciences at NCSU in 1993. Fur-thermore, Mr. Belin was a huge factor in the growth of Kern, transitioning the company from a 10,000 barrel per day plant to the safe, competitive, and compliant, 27,000 barrel-per- day small and independent California refinery that it is today. Over the past forty-four years, Mr. Belin has been a great leader and extremely dedicated to Kern, which has ultimately brought the com-pany to success. In Mr. Belin’s words, ‘‘I gave everything I could to Kern; as one might say in the game of basketball, I left it all on the court! My career goals were simple: work hard; ask others their opinion/thoughts; listen to them; be decisive; show others the respect they deserve; and defend Kern.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that we ask our colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join us in paying tribute to the career of Mr. Jacob Chapman Belin, Jr. We thank him for his service and lasting contributions to California’s petroleum industry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.034 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE196 February 23, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO BISHOP PRESTON WARREN WILLIAMS 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, Bishop Preston Warren Williams, II is celebrating years of service to the African Methodist Episcopal Church in ministry and has provided stellar leadership to his church on an international level as the 119th con-secrated bishop of the A.M.E. Church 6th Episcopal District, of Georgia; and Whereas, Bishop Williams, with the support of his wife, Supervisor Dr. Wilma Delores Webb Williams, and under the guidance of God, has pioneered and sustained the 6th Episcopal District, as an instrument in our na-tion that uplifts the spiritual, physical and men-tal welfare of our citizens; and Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious man of God has given hope to the hopeless, fed the hungry and is a beacon of light to those in need; and Whereas, Bishop Williams is a spiritual war-rior, a man of compassion, a fearless leader and a servant to all, but most of all a visionary who has shared not only with his Church, but with my District and the world his passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Bishop Preston Warren Williams, II, as he celebrates service in ministry and to salute him as he retires from pastoral leadership; A true Man of Excellence; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim October 22, 2015 as: Bishop Preston Warren Williams, II Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 22nd day of October, 2015. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. FRANCINE R. KAUFMAN 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Francine R. (Fran) Kaufman, re-nowned pediatric endocrinologist, author, con-sultant, professor, researcher, and corporate officer in the medical field of diabetes. Dr. Kaufman is being honored by The Executives of the Los Angeles Jewish Homes at their 19th Annual Circle of Life Gala, for her ex-traordinary contributions in the medical field. Born in 1951, Fran grew up in Chicago with her parents and two siblings. According to Fran, she believes she decided to become a doctor when she was about four years old, under the direction of her father, who was a physician. After attending Northwestern Uni-versity, she obtained her medical degree from Chicago Medical School, specializing in Pedi-atric Medicine with a sub specialty of Endocri-nology and Metabolism. In 1980, Dr. Kaufman was appointed as an Instructor in Clinical Pediatrics at the Univer-sity of Southern California (USC); in 1997 she became Professor of Pediatrics at USC; and in 2001 she accepted the position as the Head of the Center of Diabetes, Endocrinology, and Metabolism at Children’s Hospital Los Ange-les. Currently, Fran is the Chief Medical Offi-cer and Vice President of Global, Medical, and Health Affairs at Medtronic, Inc., a Distin-guished Professor Emerita of Pediatrics at the Keck School of Medicine of USC and at Chil-dren’s Hospital Los Angeles. Some of Fran’s professional volunteer posi-tions include serving as a Delegate to the World Health Organization Assembly in Swit-zerland, a California Delegate to the Healthy School Summit in Washington, D.C. and the California Task Force on Childhood Obesity. In addition, she was President of the American Diabetes Association, Chair of the Youth Con-sultative Section of the International Diabetes Federation, Chair of the National Diabetes Education Program, a member of the Advisory Council of the Diabetes Branch of the National Institutes of Health, and is currently a member of the National Association of Medicine, among other organizations. Dr. Kaufman has received numerous awards, including the Juvenile Diabetes Re-search Foundation Lifetime Achievement Award, the American Association of Diabetes Educators Living Legend Award, the McGov-ern American Medical Writers Award, the Cali-fornia Public Health Advocacy Award, and the Charles Siegel Disability Rights Legal Center Award of Loyola Law School. Consistently in-cluded in the annual ‘‘Best Doctors in Amer-ica’’ list, she has been recognized by the Cali-fornia State Senate and the Los Angeles City Council for her health advocacy efforts, and nominated by former Congressman Henry Waxman as a Local Legend of Medicine. She is also a member of Phi Kappa Phi, USC’s honorary society, and was awarded their Un-dergraduate Writers Humanitarian Award. In 2009, she received a Telly Award for starring in and authoring Diabetes: The Global Epi-demic, the Discovery Health Documentary. Dr. Kaufman is married to Dr. Neal Kauf-man, MD. She and her husband have two sons, Adam and Jonah, and four grand-children, Maya, Dylan, Logan and Cassia. I ask all Members to join me in recognizing Dr. Francine R. Kaufman for her significant contributions to the medical field for more than three decades. 
f 
HONORING MAMIE OSBORNE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mamie Osborne, who is an assistant professor of English and has devoted herself to teaching and research since she began working at MVSU in 1999. She completed post-graduate studies at the University of Toledo, University of Louisville, and University of Mississippi in American lit-erature, rhetoric and composition, children’s and young adult literature, and received an undergraduate degree in English from MVSU. As a professor, Osborne assisted the De-partment of English and Foreign Languages’ English Education program successfully by drafting two NCATE self-study reports and earning the program the status of ‘‘Nationally Recognized’’ twice; she is a member of Val-ley’s Quality Enhancement Plan faculty team; and she holds membership in the National Council of Teachers of English (NCTE) and the Black Caucus of NCTE. Osborne is a scholar and creative writer. Her scholarly and creative works have been published in national and international schol-arly and literary journals including: The South-ern Quarterly, Valley Voices, Black Magnolias, The Kentucky River, and Renditions (Hong Kong). Her interview with Sterling Plumpp will be published in Conversations with Sterling Plumpp by the University Press of Mississippi in spring, 2016. She has also made numerous presentations at professional conferences and serves as an editor for Valley Voices, a na-tional journal for criticism and writing published at MVSU. The assistant professor devotes herself to community service. Osborne has volunteered to help the City of Itta Bena address its com-munity’s literacy problem by volunteering dur-ing the summer and after school at the Itta Bena Public Library and for the past two years conducted workshops for the MVSU Reading Institute in children and young adult literature and writing. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mamie Osborne, a professor, writer, researcher and educator, for her dedi-cation to serving others and giving back to the African American community. f 
CONGRATULATING ROBOTHINK ON THEIR GRAND OPENINGS IN MUNDELEIN AND BUFFALO GROVE 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize RoboThink on their grand opening in the Mundelein and Buffalo Grove commu-nities. RoboThink’s mission is to provide an engaging, effective, and innovative way to in-troduce this STEM education program to young individuals K–12 and even beyond. RoboThink creatively teaches students how to build robots and how to code, while being challenged to use their critical thinking, prob-lem solving and visual spatial abilities. They hope to inspire our next generation to pursue career paths in engineering. Mr. Speaker, this incredible program would not be possible without two inspiring young in-dividuals, Danny Park, the President, and An-thony Shvets, Program Director, of RoboThink. I wish them continued success in the future and look forward to working with them in growing and expanding their program to thou-sands of other students. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE BRUCE STREET SCHOOL 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.038 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE197 February 23, 2016 
Whereas, in 1938, the first school for Afri-can American children was established in Lithonia, Georgia under the name of the Lithonia Colored School which would become the Lithonia Colored High School and today is known as the Bruce Street School, the only school for African American children in Lithonia until 1968; and Whereas, we celebrate and honor all of the graduates of the Bruce Street School; and Whereas, we recognize them for their tenac-ity, community service and leadership in build-ing a strong community that promotes edu-cation and family; and Whereas, upon graduation, these students wrote their own stories by becoming produc-tive citizens, serving in the Armed Services, as small business owners, educators, civic lead-ers, civil servants and community advocates, thus allowing our district to have pillars of wis-dom and strength for many years to come; and Whereas, the Bruce Street School grad-uates are distinguished citizens of our district, spiritual warriors, persons of compassion, fear-less leaders and servants to all, but most of all citizens that desire to improve the lives of oth-ers; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize the Bruce Street School Classes of 1938 through 1968 as they celebrate their All Classes Reunion in Stone Mountain, Georgia; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H
ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim No-vember 7, 2015 as: The Bruce Street School Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 7th day of November, 2015. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HISTORICAL BAYTOWN MEXICAN SCHOOL 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Baytown Mexican School for its distinction as an Official Texas Historical marker. The Baytown Mexican School was founded in 1923 with the mission of teaching and nur-turing Mexican-American children as they transitioned to English. The school, which was staffed by local students from Robert E. Lee High School, taught Mexican-American chil-dren until its closing in 1969. In 1992, a new school was built as the suc-cessor to the Baytown Mexican School. Al-though the original three room schoolhouse has since been demolished, the dedication of this historical site will serve as an appropriate and lasting tribute to the Baytown Mexican School. 
f 
HONORING VETERAN EDISON THOMAS BROWN, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable veteran, Mr. Edison Thomas Brown, Jr. U.S. Army Veteran Edison Thomas Brown, Jr. is a Mississippi native who was born and reared in the hills of Holmes County within the U.S. Second Congressional District. Born in the very late 1950’s, Mr. Brown, and other youth like him, grew up during the heat of oppression, segregation and poverty of the Holmes County 1960s civil rights movement. Yet, Mr. Brown says, he nor his family ever viewed themselves as underclass. Although poor by economic standards and conditions, he and his siblings learned early of the importance of working hard to make a de-cent living by two nurturing parents, who were farmers themselves and who also worked for white farmers as well, picking cotton and such. His parents were Edison Thomas Brown, Sr. and Ednora Randle Brown (both now de-ceased). His father was also a U.S. Army veteran who served in World War II. In fact, Mr. Brown says he was inspired to volunteer to serve his country in the military by his father and eldest brother James, a U.S. Army Vietnam veteran. After graduating from high school at what is formerly known as Tchula Attendance Center (TAC) in Tchula, MS, he began his military ca-reer in July, 1975 at Fort Knox, Ky. During his tour of duty, he was trained and served as a Track Vehicle Mechanic, special-izing in diesel repairs. His U.S. military career also included service in Gelnhausen, Ger-many. While in the military, he earned the rank of Specialist 4th Class (SPEC 4). Proud to serve his country, Mr. Brown is grateful that his mili-tary career afforded him many travels that he would not have afforded to make and opportu-nities he possibly would not have had. Mr. Brown’s tour of duly concluded at Fort Stewart, GA in 1979; however, he remained in reserve status until 1981, when he received an Honorable Discharge. After the military, Mr. Brown took advantage of the GI Bill and began to educate himself (part-time) in Electronic Service Technology coursework. Over the years, he has served in several employment capacities in the Metro Jackson area. His longest stint was with McRaes Distribution and its merging oper-ations, 1985–2001. Today, a Clinton, Miss, resident in the Sec-ond Congressional District, Mr. Brown spends most of his time actively serving in Holy Tem-ple Baptist Church of West Jackson, pastored by the history-making Rev. Audrey Lynne Hall. At Holy Temple as a deacon, he is Chairman and also serves as Sunday School Super-intendent and teacher. He, his wife, Gail, and son, Edison, III, have also participated in the church’s ongoing Homeless Outreach Ministry in which the church gives toiletries, snacks and other needful items to the homeless once a month at Poindexter Park near Downtown Jackson. Mr. Brown’s favorite scripture of the Bible in which he tries to live by is Proverbs 3:5–6— ‘‘Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing a special Veteran, Mr. Edison Thomas Brown, Jr., for his dedication and support to the Holmes County Community. RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF AUGUSTINE ‘‘GUS’’ ORTIZ VEGAS HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I, along with my colleague Congressman M
IKETHOMP -
SON, rise to recognize the life and service of Augustine ‘‘Gus’’ Ortiz Vegas, who served honorably for fifteen years with the Richmond Police Department in Contra Costa County. A lifelong Bay Area resident, Mr. Vegas was born on August 8, 1957, in San Francisco and moved to nearby Vallejo as a young child. He was a member of the 1976 graduating class of St. Patrick’s High School in Vallejo, where he excelled at track, football, and wrestling. Those who knew Mr. Vegas admired him for his generosity and his empathy. Together with his wife Sandra, he ran a non-profit called Fostering Greatness that offered mentoring, clothing, and other resources to children in the local foster care system. In his professional career, Mr. Vegas always focused on keeping others safe. His first job was as Operator at the Equilon refinery in Martinez, California, where he was also a res-cue team member and auxiliary firefighter. In 1990, he graduated as the Valedictorian of the Napa Valley College Police Academy, and in 2001, began his career with the Richmond Po-lice Department. Officer Vegas applied his tremendous ability to connect with others to his work where he fully embodied the ideals of community polic-ing. He went beyond simply deterring crime and arresting suspects to having genuine em-pathy and a connection to the community he served. Officer Vegas’s aptitude was recognized within the department and he became a prop-erty crimes detective rising through the depart-ment to become a homicide detective. In these roles, he was not only adept at solving crimes, but shined in his ability to provide em-pathy and closure for victims’ families. Officer Vegas was versatile in his professional abili-ties due to his gift to connect with others. In his last assignment, he worked closely with agencies like the Richmond City Attorney’s Of-fice and the Alcohol Beverage Control (ABC) to enforce the City of Richmond’s Municipal Codes. Officer Vegas cared deeply about his family and considered them the most important part of his life. Congressman T
HOMPSON and I send our deepest condolences to Officer Vegas’ family, including Sandra, his wife of 32 years, their five sons, five daughters, and 22 grandchildren. Officer Vegas made a lasting impression on our community, and he will be greatly missed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. BETTY DIXON 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, Mrs. Betty Dixon was born on Oc-tober 23, 1950 in Atlanta, Georgia and this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.042 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE198 February 23, 2016 
year she is celebrating a remarkable milestone reaching 65 years young; and Whereas, Mrs. Dixon has been blessed with a long, happy life, devoted to God and credits it all to the Will of God, serving faithfully as a Deaconess and on the Hospitality Committee at Welcome Friend Baptist Church in Ellenwood, Georgia; and Whereas, Mrs. Dixon is celebrating this day on her 65th Birthday with family, church mem-bers and friends at the Lou Walker Senior Center in Lithonia, Georgia; and Whereas, she celebrates a life of blessings as a Wife, Mother, Grandmother, friend, com-munity servant and leader; and Whereas, the Lord has been her Shepherd, guiding her life for 65 years allowing her to lead by example, serve as one of God’s cho-sen servants as a faithful matriarch and a community leader; and Whereas, we are honored that she is cele-brating today with family and friends giving generations of loved ones the opportunity to give thanks and display their love for the blessings that God has bestowed upon the Dixon family; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Betty Dixon for an exemplary life which is an inspiration to all, now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHN-
SON, Jr. do hereby proclaim October 23rd, 2015 as: Mrs. Betty Dixon Day in the 4th Con-gressional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 23rd day of October, 2015. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE HONORABLE JOHN E. M
CDONALD, JR., FIRST JUSTICE, EAST BOSTON MUNIC-IPAL COURT 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of John E. McDonald, Jr., First Justice, East Boston Municipal Court, in recognition of his outstanding contributions to his hometown of Braintree and commend him for being named to the Judges Wall at The Catholic University of America, Columbus School of Law. John Jr. is the son of John E. and Patricia M. McDonald who raised John Jr. in the Town of Braintree. John relocated to South Boston where he made his residence from 1984– 2011, there he met and married his lovely wife Melissa, and had three children, Andrew 13, Jack 5, and Kathryn 4, before moving back to Braintree in 2011, where he and his family now reside. John attended Boston College High School graduating in 1984. Upon graduating Boston College High School, John was accepted to Boston College where he received his Bach-elor of Arts degree, in 1988. John was then accepted at prestigious Columbus School of Law at The Catholic University of America where he obtained his Juris Doctor in 1991. Upon his passing the Massachusetts Bar Exam, John worked in the Office of the Mas-sachusetts Attorney General as a Law Clerk. In 1991, John joined the Norfolk County Dis-trict Attorney’s Office as an Assistant District Attorney where he served from 1991 until 1994. In 1994, John went into private practice by opening the Law Office of John E. McDon-ald, Jr., focusing on his practice as a Sole Practitioner of Criminal and Civil Litigation from 1994–2008. Upon completing his suc-cessful private practice, John was named As-sistant Clerk Magistrate, Boston Municipal Court, Central Division, where he served until his appointment by Governor Deval Patrick as an Associate Justice of the Central Division of the Boston Municipal Court in May of 2013. In February 2014, John served as the Presiding Justice of the Dorchester Division Drug Court until his appointment as the First Justice of East Boston Division Drug Court where he presently serves. John E. McDonald, Jr., has dedicated his entire professional career to the field of Law. His reputation is impeccable as a judge who goes above and beyond in helping others. John’s commitment to the East Boston Com-munity is only exceeded by his love for family, and the betterment of those less fortunate. John has served as the keynote speaker at the Norfolk County Bar Association, The Sal-vation Army Recovery Program, The East Boston Chamber of Commerce, and has vol-unteered his time in speaking at many Boston area schools on the issue of substance abuse, and the law. In addition, The Honorable Judge John E. McDonald was also named as a panel member of the highly prestigious ‘‘Panel on Recovery’’ and was asked by Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh to speak before the City of Boston ‘‘Recovery Forum.’’ Mr. Speaker, John is known for his quick sense of humor, and is a true gentleman in every sense of the word. He has earned the respect of his peers, and when people look back on Judge McDonald’s legacy they will re-member him as a person who was there for those struggling in the most difficult cir-cumstances. Although the honor of being named to the Judges Wall will be one highlight of many in John’s career, he will most as-suredly be known for his caring and positive impact on the families of East Boston, South Boston, and Braintree. Mr. Speaker it is my distinct honor to take the floor of the House today to join with John E. McDonald’s family, friends, and contem-poraries to thank him for his remarkable serv-ice and to commend him for the difference he has made to the families of the Common-wealth of Massachusetts. 
f 
HONORING MR. VERNON AND MRS. SHIRLEY HILL 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Vernon and Mrs. Shirley Hill of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District as recipients of the Greater Philadelphia Area Leadership Award, and to express my sin-cerest gratitude to them for their continued service to our community. The Greater Philadelphia Area Leadership Award recognizes business and community leaders who have demonstrated a strong com-mitment to the area through distinguished service and steadfast philanthropy. The Hill family has been active in various charitable projects in the region through the operation of their family foundation. Whether it be their work with the University of Pennsylvania School Of Veterinary Medicine, or in sup-porting our troops through Operation Helmet, this award stands as a testament to their dedi-cation to using their resources and experience to help promote the growth of society. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously proud to have Vernon and Shirley Hill as in-volved members of their community. It is my honor to celebrate their recent Greater Phila-delphia Area Leadership Award and recog-nized their personal and professional accom-plishments, as well as their significant con-tributions to our community, before the United States House of Representatives. f 
HONORING DR. WILLIAM B. BYNUM, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Dr. William B. Bynum, Jr., a 25-year higher education professional, who was unanimously selected to be the 7th President of Mississippi Valley State University (MVSU) by the Mississippi Institutions of High-er Learning Board on October 8, 2013 and he began his presidency at ‘‘The Valley’’ on No-vember 6, 2013. A native of Rocky Mount, N.C., Dr. Bynum earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Soci-ology from Davidson College while on a stu-dent-athlete scholarship. While at Davidson, he also minored in Education and passed the National Teachers Exam. He was subse-quently licensed and certified to teach Social Studies and Math in N.C. and Georgia. Dr. Bynum went on to earn his masters and Ph.D. in Sociology from Duke University while serv-ing as a Duke Endowment Fellow. Dr. Bynum was also a member of the inaugural class of the NAFEO-Kellogg Leadership Fellows Pro-gram, a year-long program specifically de-signed to train the next generation of presi-dents/chancellors for minority serving institu-tions, which was led by then NAFEO presi-dent—Dr. Frederick Humphries; NAFEO chair-man—Dr. Joe Johnson, and executive direc-tor—Dr. Arthur Thomas. As part of the pro-gram, Dr. Bynum ‘‘shadowed’’ Dr. Harold Mar-tin, then chancellor of Winston-Salem State University and now chancellor of N.C. A &T State University. As the 7th President, Dr. Bynum’s vision for the University is to uplift 6 powerful words that are already deeply rooted in ‘‘The Valley’’ cul-ture. The vision is: ONE GOAL. ONE TEAM. ONE VALLEY. The ONE GOAL is Student Success (increased enrollment, retention and graduation; holistic student development and career advancement); The ONE TEAM is Uni-versity and Community Stakeholders Working Together; And the ONE VALLEY is students, faculty, staff, alumni and friends actively dem-onstrating School Pride and Spirituality that is second to none! Prior to his appointment at MVSU, Dr. Bynum served as the Vice President for En-rollment Management & Student Services at Morehouse College (2009–2013), where he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.046 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE199 February 23, 2016 
was mentored by Morehouse’s 10th president Dr. Robert Michael Franklin. While serving at Morehouse, Dr. Bynum significantly enhanced student-administration relations, improved the efficiency and effectiveness of student serv-ices, started, envisioned and led the initiative which established the Parents Council and im-plemented the nationally acclaimed More-house ‘‘Appropriate Attire Policy.’’ Prior to Morehouse, Dr. Bynum served as the Vice President for Student Affairs & Enroll-ment Management (2000–2009) at The Lin-coln University (PA). During his nine years of service, he was successful in nearly doubling Lincoln’s enrollment and recruited the 4 larg-est new student classes (900+) in the Univer-sity’s 150 year history. Dr. Bynum also led the Board approved Student Enhancement Initia-tive, which entailed elevating Lincoln from NCAA Division III to NCAA Division II ath-letics, reactivated Lincoln’s membership in the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA) conference, returned football to the campus after a 40 year absence and started the University’s first marching band program: ‘‘The Orange Crush.’’ At Lincoln, Dr. Bynum was mentored by Dr. Ivory Nelson, the Univer-sity’s 12th president, who garnered over $200 million in capital construction to transform the campus physical plant. Prior to LU, Dr. Bynum served as the Asso-ciate Vice President and Dean of Students at Clark Atlanta University (1993–2000), and he was the Number 2 person in the division that recruited the 4 largest classes (1500+) in the then 125 year history of CAU. While at CAU, Dr. Bynum was mentored by and developed strong strategic planning and assessment skills from Dr. Doris Walker Weathers. During his CAU days, Dr. Bynum was nicknamed ‘‘Bye-Bye Bynum’’ for his no-nonsense ap-proach to judicial affairs and enhancing the campus culture and environment. In addition to his enrollment management and student affairs work, Dr. Bynum has lec-tured and/or taught as well. He served as the Covington Distinguished Professor of Soci-ology at Davidson and at Morehouse, he was an adjunct professor in the Leadership Studies program and Sociology department. Dr. Bynum’s other professional experience in-cludes research and teaching positions at the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech), Duke University and Durham and Edgecombe Community Colleges. He started his educational career as a teacher, football and wrestling coach in the Rocky Mount (N.C.) City School System (1984–87) and the Dekalb County (GA) School System (1987–88). Dr. Bynum has represented his institutions in nu-merous external programs and at professional conferences, while serving as a presenter or moderator. He has authored refereed articles in professional journals and presented papers with academic and social themes. Trained as a Quantitative Sociologist, Dr. Bynum still re-mains active in research and teaching. His re-search and teaching interests center around: (1) Black Church Studies; (2) Race, Gender and Ethnicity; and (3) Organizations, Markets and Work. His publications include: A co-authored arti-cle with Duke colleagues in the sociology jour-nal Social Forces entitled ‘‘Race and Formal Volunteering’’; a chapter entitled ‘‘The Black Church in America: Demography and Current Trends’’ in the book: Exploring The African American Experience (3rd edition); and a short story entitled ‘‘For the Love of J-Ski’’ in the NASPA produced book: Stories of Inspiration: Lessons and Laughter in Student Affairs. Dr. Bynum is a member of Omicron Delta Kappa, Chi Alpha Epsilon and Omega Psi Phi Frater-nity, Inc. A God-loving, God-fearing man, he is mar-ried to Deborah Elaine Bynum, a manager and 34 year employee with AT&T Mobility Serv-ices, and they are the proud parents of six children—Tyrone (a student at Georgia State University), Tyler (a student-athlete graduate of Truett-McConnell College), Chelsea (a stu-dent at Clark Atlanta University and Army Re-servist), Zack (a student at Morehouse Col-lege), Jordan and Jazz (both of whom are At-lanta Public high school students). Dr. Bynum’s personal and professional motto is ‘‘Look back and thank God. Look for-ward and trust God. Look around and serve God. Look within and find God.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. William B. Bynum, Jr., a teacher, professional and educator for his con-tribution to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
f 
LAKE ARROWHEAD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE TO HOST AWARDS GALA 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in spe-cial recognition of the Lake Arrowhead Cham-ber of Commerce Awards Gala that was held on February 20, 2016. Lake Arrowhead is an unincorporated mountain community in San Bernardino County and is located in my dis-trict. This year, Billie and Harold Weiss will be honored as ‘‘Citizens of the Year’’ for their contributions to their community. This amazing couple volunteers countless hours to several organizations, including Meals on Wheels, Ar-rowhead Arts Association, Operation Provider, and the Rim of the World School District. I would like to thank Billie and Harold for the positive influence they’ve provided mountain residents. I would like to congratulate LouEddie’s Pizza for receiving recognition as the ‘‘Busi-ness of the Year.’’ Located in Skyforest, LouEddie’s is not only well known for their de-licious cuisine but also for their contributions to local causes, which include the Skyforest Festival and the Special Olympian dinner. Finally, it is an honor to recognize the Rim Educational Foundation as the ‘‘Non-Profit of the Year.’’ Founded in 1987, the foundation raises money for local schools to cover gaps in state public education funding. Last year the foundation raised $450,000, with 75 percent of those funds going directly to classrooms and the remainder was donated to the Advance-ment through Individual Determination (AVID) program. This certainly is a remarkable achievement. Congratulations to all the hon-orees who make the 8th Congressional District of California a special place to live. HONORING BARBARA CHRISTENSEN UPON HER RE-TIREMENT FROM THE SAN MATEO COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Ms. Barbara Christensen upon her retirement as a senior administrator in the San Mateo County Community College District. In the manner of an Olympic decathlon athlete, Bar-bara Christensen has exceeded the bar in the full range of professional activities over the years, and the people of San Mateo County have been the beneficiary. Hired forty years ago by the district to han-dle public affairs, Barbara performed her job well but quickly realized that a reorganization was needed. Soon, each campus of the com-munity college district was communicating pro-fessionally with the public, leading to greater responsiveness to the public and to the devel-opment of an individual identity for each cam-pus. It is a brave professional who defines her way out of a job, but Barbara quickly moved on to even greater challenges. This job title doesn’t formally exist at the college district, and I’ll admit that it’s a mouth-ful, but Barbara Christensen should bear the title of ‘‘Chief Land Use Wonk and Go-To-Per-son With Respect to Frogs and Butterflies.’’ While guiding the district’s various develop-ments, she oversaw the creation of four CEQA compliance documents, one of which involved the creation of a habitat conservation plan for frogs and butterflies. Her leadership in the de-velopment of apartments for faculty and staff of the district, renting at 50% of market rate in the Bay Area’s challenging housing market, has thrilled employees and concretely dem-onstrated that the district cares about them and their families. The two developments that she shepherded through sometimes conten-tious public hearings earned national recogni-tion and have inspired other local agencies to seriously consider constructing affordable housing for public employees. Barbara Christensen led the effort to estab-lish the relationship between the universities and community colleges in San Mateo, and we now have four year degree programs taught at Canada College, offering this cam-pus’ diverse student body, many of them first- generation college students, an affordable, convenient option to obtain a four year college degree. She secured a $1 million state grant to begin this University Center at Canada Col-lege. As our community colleges flourished, Bar-bara’s contribution to their success became even greater. She spearheaded three suc-cessful bond measures totaling $1 billion. Today, the stunning community college cam-puses of San Mateo County look like every modern and highly selective college in the na-tion. The list of Barbara’s successes in the com-munity college professional decathlon is too long to recite, but her willingness to find ‘‘win- win’’ choices for contentious issues placed her at the center of four decades of successful ne-gotiations with local taxing entities, nearby homeowners, other districts, and the State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.049 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE200 February 23, 2016 
California’s personnel. She has been recog-nized professionally by national public informa-tion officer associations and served on the statewide board of the community college pub-lic relations professionals. Mr. Speaker and members, a college edu-cation empowers a student to be a better cit-izen and a stronger participant in our nation’s economy. Our community colleges are at the center of our nation’s college system, offering affordable college and technical degrees to millions annually. Given the importance of our district and the hundreds of thousands who have been edu-cated during her service, Barbara Christensen’s contribution to San Mateo Coun-ty over four decades will be felt for at least an-other four decades. We celebrate her retire-ment, wish her well, and hope that she can now have more time for friends and family. She has sculpted both the educational and physical landscape of San Mateo County. There will be big shoes to fill, and a big smile to emulate. Her example will inspire others be-cause San Mateo County’s residents are all the beneficiaries of the career of Barbara Christensen. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. GWENDOLYN MASON 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, the lives of many in my district have been touched by the life of one—Ms. Gwendolyn Mason; and Whereas, she was born January 11, 1966 in Atlanta, Georgia, today she celebrates a mile-stone in her life, her 50th Birthday; and Whereas, this phenomenal woman has shared her time and talents for the betterment of our community and our nation through her tireless works, words of encouragement and inspiration; and Whereas, Gwendolyn Mason is a warrior for those in need, a woman of compassion, a fearless leader, a mother, a daughter, a sister, a servant to all and truly a friend; her dedi-cated service is present throughout my district, she is an unwavering advocate for youth, the elderly, the less fortunate and small busi-nesses; and Whereas, she leads by example from be-hind the scenes, as well as front and center as the Co-founder and Executive Director of the Hank Stewart Foundation, Founder of G.A.B.B., an employee of Yellow Pages, an advocate in the fight against Breast Cancer, as a member and minister for her beloved church, Solid Rock Ministries and as a mem-ber in her beloved Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Ms. Gwendolyn Mason on the anniversary of her birth and for her outstanding leadership and service to our District; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ J
OHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim January 11, 2016 as: Ms. Gwendolyn Mason Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 11th day of January, 2016. HONORING THE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS OF KEIANA CAVE´ HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the academic achievement of a bright young lady from my Congressional district, Keiana Cave´. Keiana is just a senior at Lusher Charter School in New Orleans, Louisiana, but she has accomplished more than many col-lege graduates. Keiana has excelled in and out of the class-room. She has studied engineering while at Lusher, and has been dual enrolled at Tulane University, where she has taken biological an-thropology and environmental geology courses. She is on a fast track to earn her Ph.D. and has already been recruited by other notable institutions. Keiana is no stranger to the laboratory. She is currently a member of Tulane University’s Van Bael lab and has previously served as a lab technician with the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries, and a nanotechnol-ogy researcher at the University of New Orle-ans. She has been acknowledged many times for her work, including 1st Place U.S. Navy/ U.S. Marine Corps Office of Naval Research Scholarship and 1st Place United States Air Force Certificate of Achievement. Keiana’s chemical research project won second place out of 2,600 competitors at the 2015 Inter-national Science and Engineering Fair, win-ning $1,500.00 as well as receiving honorable mention from the Consortium for Ocean Lead-ership. Keiana designed a method that allows the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to de-velop certain aidehydes or toxins that form as photo-products during oil spills. The MIT Lin-coln Laboratory and NASA have named the orbiting rock ‘‘2000 GD136’’ after Keiana, an honor shared by fewer than 15,000 people. The planet was discovered in 2000 by the Lin-coln Laboratory team. Keiana’s accomplishments are a testament to the fact that she is a true leader and an ideal role model for other young people in the community. I am confident that she will take that responsibility seriously, that she will be able to rise to any challenge, and will work hard to improve the world around her. I would like to congratulate Keiana Cave´on her re-markable accomplishments and wish her the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING ALHAJI SACCOH 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alhaji Saccoh for his outstanding humanitarian work. A volunteer firefighter in Collingdale, PA, Mr. Saccoh has led an effort to provide undersupplied fire-fighters in his native Sierra Leone with des-perately needed equipment. In June of 2013, Mr. Saccoh made his first trip to Sierra Leone since fleeing the country’s civil war in 2000. A chance visit to Sierra Leone’s National Fire Service in Freetown brought him face to face with the state of his homeland’s fire departments. The firefighters he met lacked even the most basic protective gear and would frequently respond to calls in their street clothes. This encounter inspired Mr. Saccoh to spearhead an effort to collect used fire gear for his counterparts in Sierra Leone. He re-cently returned from a trip to Sierra Leone, during which he volunteered for two months with local firefighters and distributed approxi-mately $50,000 worth of equipment donated by several fire companies in Delaware County. Mr. Saccoh’s humanitarian work extends be-yond his work with Sierra Leonean firefighters. A graduate of University of Pennsylvania, Mr. Saccoh is also the founder of the Sierra Leone Children’s Fund, a nonprofit organization that promotes health and primary education in rural Sierra Leone. For his work, Mr. Saccoh has been awarded the Legion of Honor from the Chapel of the Four Chaplains and recently re-ceived a Wells Fargo Community Connections Grant. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Mr. Saccoh for his tireless humanitarian ef-forts, both in the United States and abroad. f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. CHARLOTTE WADSWORTH AS THE OKALOOSA COUNTY, FLORIDA TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mrs. Charlotte Wadsworth as the Okaloosa County, Florida Teacher of the Year. Mrs. Wadsworth has been an inspiration to her students, her colleagues, and her commu-nity, and I am privileged to recognize her suc-cess and myriad of achievements. Mrs. Wadsworth began her teaching career homeschooling her own children and then working as an hourly teacher for the Blended School for two years. In 2009, she began working full time as a 2nd Grade Teacher at Walker Elementary School before transferring to Baker School as a 4th grade teacher in Oc-tober 2011. Since August 2012, she has served in her current capacity as a high school English teacher at Baker High School. Northwest Florida has been blessed with an abundance of exemplary educators. First as a teacher homeschooling her children, then dur-ing her tenure teaching elementary school, and now in her current role as a high school teacher, Mrs. Wadsworth has proven time and again that she understands and values the critical role that educators play in the journey, development, and success of their pupils. Throughout her teaching career, Mrs. Wads-worth has shown an unwavering commitment to inspiring her students to reach their highest potential. Most recently, she has demonstrated her leadership as yearbook advisor, where she enjoys celebrating life’s milestones, rejoic-ing in students’ athletic and academic accom-plishments, and capturing events in the Baker community. Teachers are amongst our most valuable public servants, and they play an integral role 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.051 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE201 February 23, 2016 
in shaping the future of our Nation. The Okaloosa County Teacher of the Year award is a reflection of Mrs. Wadsworth’s tireless work ethic and steadfast dedication to the Okaloosa County community. She has proven to be among the many exceptional teachers in Northwest Florida, and her contributions to her students and community are unparalleled. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am proud to recognize Charlotte Wadsworth as the Okaloosa County, Florida Teacher of the Year and thank her for her commitment to service to Northwest Florida. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating Mrs. Wadsworth, and we wish her all the best for her continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NOBEL PRIZE IN CHEMISTRY BEING AWARDED TO DR. AZIZ SANCAR 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize the tremendous accomplishment of Dr. Aziz Sancar for winning the Nobel Prize in Chem-istry. He and his team have been working for decades to understand human DNA more thoroughly, and have recently made a break-through in mapping DNA repair. Originally from Turkey, Dr. Sancar earned his Ph.D. in molecular and cell biology from the University of Texas at Dallas in 1977. It was during his time at UT-Dallas that Dr. Sancar successfully purified and described a bacterial enzyme called photolyase. This dis-covery was integral to his work that won him the Nobel Prize. Dr. Sancar was granted the status as a distinguished alumnus of UT-Dal-las in 2009. His Nobel Prize is the icing atop the cake of his everlasting contribution to UT- Dallas and its doctoral program in molecular and cell biology. He is the first alumnus to win a Nobel Prize. Dr. Sancar is the Sarah Graham Kenan Pro-fessor of Biochemistry and Biophysics at the University of North Carolina School of Medi-cine. He has been there since 1982. The work he has done at his lab on mapping the cellular mechanisms that underlie DNA repair, which occurs every single minute of the day in re-sponse to damage caused by outside forces, such as ultraviolet radiation and other environ-mental factors, is the reason he won the Nobel Prize. In particular, Sancar mapped nu-cleotide excision repair, which is vital to DNA subjected to UV damage. His work will create a better system of identifying how cancer drugs target cancer cells, and will improve treatment. Mr. Speaker, as a Member of the U.S. Turk-ish Congressional Caucus, I want to express how much I value Turkish Americans’ sci-entific, political, athletic and artistic contribu-tions to America’s rich mosaic. I congratulate Dr. Sancar for his hard work in mapping DNA repair, potential for advancements in cancer treatment, and pride he has brought UT-Dallas and the greater Dallas community in winning the Nobel Prize. And therefore, I want to for-mally recognize the brilliant Dr. Aziz Sancar in the U.S. House of Representatives. HONORING GRACE H. DANIELS HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Grace H. Daniels for her service to the city of Philadelphia. A force in Philadelphia politics and an unwaver-ing advocate for Philadelphia’s African Amer-ican community from the late 1940s until her death in 1980, Grace’s lifetime of service to the people of Philadelphia will be recognized this month when 46th Street is renamed Grace H. Daniels Way in her honor. Shortly after becoming one of the first Afri-can-American women to graduate from Duke University, Grace came to Philadelphia in the 1940s with her husband Otis and their large family. Settling into their new home on 46th Street, Grace quickly became active in the community and as a parent of nine children in the Philadelphia School District. It should be no surprise that Grace’s desire to help better her community led her to de-velop an interest in politics. She was elected Democratic Committeewoman of Philadel-phia’s 44th Ward in 1947. She later became chairperson of the 44th Ward in 1967 and a member of the Democrat State Committee in 1977, positions she would hold until her death in 1980. During her time in Philadelphia poli-tics, Grace developed a reputation as a loyal and dedicated leader who always paid close attention to the needs of her constituents. Although she is no longer with us, Grace left behind an enduring legacy of strong leader-ship and activism. She is an important part of Philadelphia’s history and I am proud that 46th Street will be renamed in her honor. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues help me in honoring the life and memory of Grace H. Daniels. 
f 
RESTORE THE VOTE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise on #RestorationTuesday to honor the foot soldiers of the Voting Rights Move-ment. On March 7th of last year, while aboard Air Force One en route to Selma for the 50th Anniversary of Bloody Sunday, President Obama signed the legislation I introduced to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sun-day, Turnaround Tuesday, and the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights Marches in 1965. On that day, 50 years after the march, thou-sands of grateful Americans gathered in my hometown to celebrate and honor the brave foot soldiers and all they sacrificed in pursuit of equality, justice, and voting rights. Demo-crats stood side by side with Republicans, and the first African American President in our na-tion’s history stood next to President George W. Bush who reauthorized the Voting Rights Act just nine years earlier. On that day, we shed our party loyalties and came together as Americans. Sadly, I stand on the floor of the House al-most one year later, and Republicans continue to refuse to bring legislation to restore voting rights to the floor for a simple up or down vote. The progress that was paid for with the blood of the foot soldiers is being rolled back, and Congress has done nothing. Tomorrow, Republicans and Democrats will come together again, this time in our Nation’s Capitol, to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the foot soldiers who showed such bravery 50 years ago. They deserve to be rec-ognized by our country’s leaders, but this Con-gress should be giving them much more than a medal. They should protect the sacred vot-ing rights that these brave men and women marched for 50 years ago. As we are joined tomorrow by the foot sol-diers of the Civil Rights Movement, I beg my colleagues to reflect on the sacrifice they made, as well as the ideals they fought for. These heroic everyday Americans were con-fronted with violence and injustice, but were not discouraged from fighting for their God given rights. I hope that their presence can in-spire every member of this Congress to #RestoreTheVote. f 
COMMEMORATING 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF A PIVOTAL MOMENT IN MONTGOMERY BUS BOYCOTT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 60 years ago today, a pivotal event occurred in Mont-gomery, Alabama, the birthplace of the mod-ern Civil Rights Movement. On this day 60 years ago, the Montgomery Bus Boycott, which began on December 5, 1955, after Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat to a white man and move to ‘‘Colored’’ section in the back of the bus, was in its 57th day. To that point, the boycott had enjoyed re-markable success. Morning buses that normally would be crowded with African Americans heading to work throughout the city were essentially empty. Instead, many African Americans gathered near the bus stops, waiting for rides, many of which came from whites whose primary inter-est was getting their domestic employees to their homes or other workers to their places of business. Others rode Negro taxis, with many drivers giving reduced fares that day. But thousands more walked to work and school. An estimated that some 17,000 African Americans took part in the boycott initially, a number that would grow to 42,000, aided in part by the action by the bus system itself. In particular, within days after the boycott began, bus officials asked the Montgomery City Commission for permission to close routes to many of the primary black commu-nities, arguing that the boycott had made serv-ice to those areas no longer financially attrac-tive. So in those parts of town, even the handful of African Americans who might have wanted to use the buses could not do so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23FE8.019 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE202 February 23, 2016 
In the early days of the boycott African American taxi companies helped transport former bus riders and did so for the reduced fare of 10 cents per ride. In retaliation, city officials began strictly en-forcing a long dormant city ordinance that set minimum fares at 45 cents, which priced taxi rides on a daily basis out of the reach of many working-class African Americans. But despite the backlash, retaliation, and harassment by the local police, the boycott would not be broken. The most sweeping official action designed to intimidate boycott leaders came in February 1956, when the Montgomery grand jury in-dicted 89 boycott leaders, including the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; Rosa Parks; Rev. Ralph David Abernathy; and several other par-ticipating black ministers. The charges were based on a seldom-en-forced 1921 state statute that barred boycotts without,‘‘just cause.’’ Those indicted were arrested over the next few days, booked and released on bond. But as official tactics failed to discourage the boycott, unofficial intimidation would soon take a more dangerous turn such as the bombing of the parsonage in which King and his family lived was bombed. Mr. Speaker, the Montgomery Bus Boycott showed the nation and the world that there is a limit to a people’s patience and tolerance in the face of injustice. In rebelling against the unjust, unfair, dehu-manizing, and discriminatory practice of racial segregation, the Montgomery Bus Boycotters were acting in the finest American tradition, following the admonition in the Declaration of Independence that: 
[A]ll experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abol-ishing the forms to which they are accus-tomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security. Mr. Speaker, the books of literature are filled with stories about the plucky underdog striving and succeeding against the odds but what is amazing and remarkable about the Montgomery Bus Boycott is that it is a modern day story of little David felling mighty Goliath that has the advantage of being true and in-spired other successful social movements around the world. The Montgomery Boycott shows that one person can make a difference and can inspire similar acts of courage in others which when combined send out ripples of hope that, as Robert Kennedy, said ‘‘can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance.’’ Rosa Parks said she acted because she wanted to be free: 
Whatever my individual desires were to be free, I was not alone. There were many oth-ers who felt the same way. 
And inspired by her example, others acted, and then joined by the actions of others, and then still others, the bus boycott succeeded. Mr. Speaker, 60 years has passed since a small band of committed activists, armed only with their faith in a righteous cause, won the battle of Montgomery and set in motion a movement that tore down the walls of legal-ized injustice across the South. They changed America for the better and for that we owe them an eternal debt of gratitude. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ACEL MOORE SR. 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Acel Moore Sr., a journalist who was a trailblazing change agent who died on Jan. 12. Born in South Philadel-phia in 1940, he joined the U.S. Army after graduating high school. And then he decided to set his sights on a career in journalism and was hired as a clerk at the Philadelphia In-quirer. During his 43-year career at the In-quirer, he rose through the ranks from clerk to reporter, columnist, member and associate editor of the editorial board and ultimately was named the newspaper’s Associate Editor Emeritus. Along the way he was awarded a Pulitzer Prize for investigative reporting and was named a Nieman Fellow at Harvard Uni-versity. While his primary focus was reporting the news, he also dedicated himself to opening the doors of the esteemed fourth estate to mi-norities. He was a founder of the Association of Black Journalists and the National Associa-tion of Black Journalists. And, because of his advocacy the complexion of journalists in newsrooms across the nation changed. He also co-produced and hosted a groundbreaking television program, on PBS, ‘‘Black Perspective on the News.’’ The pro-gram attracted African American journalists from across the country, focusing on national issues. In spite of his accomplishments he never stopped being a man of the people, proudly representing his community. He was as com-fortable interviewing mayors, judges and congresspersons as he was interviewing sani-tation workers and the lady on the block hold-ing a bat as she attempted to rid her neighbor-hood of gang violence. Today there are hundreds of young people of color who are working journalists because they were mentored by Mr. Moore, or they were part of minority high school journalism programs he began or were simply inspired by his advocacy to make American journalism more inclusive. With his death we have lost a powerful voice, but he has left such a legacy of dedica-tion to journalism, justice and inclusion that we are all forever changed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23FE8.057 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D154 Tuesday, February 23, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S925–S965 Measures Introduced: Six bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2564–2569.
                                             Page S959 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the junior Senator from Montana be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on Tuesday, February 23, 2016.
                                                     Page S965 
Califf Nomination—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commis-sioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services.
                                 Pages S928–37, S938–54 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, February 24, 2016, notwithstanding Rule XXII; and that at 11 a.m., Senate vote on con-firmation of the nomination.
                                 Page S965 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S956 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S956–58 
Executive Reports of Committees:         Pages S958–59 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S959–61 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S961–62 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S956 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S962–64 
Notices of Intent:                                                      Page S964 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                      Pages S964–65 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S965 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:14 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, February 24, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S965.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Pacific Command and United States Forces Korea in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr., USN, Commander, United States Pacific Command, and General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, Commander, United Nations Command, Commander, United States-Re-public of Korea Combined Forces Command, and Commander, United States Forces Korea, both of the Department of Defense. DEFENSE HEALTH CARE REFORM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-sonnel concluded a hearing to examine defense health care reform, after receiving testimony from Jonathan Woodson, Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs, Vice Admiral Raquel C. Bono, USN, Direc-tor of the Defense Health Agency, Lieutenant Gen-eral Mark A. Ediger, USAF, Surgeon General of the Air Force, Lieutenant General Nadja Y. West, USA, Surgeon General of the Army and Commanding General, Army Medical Command, Vice Admiral C. Forrest Faison III, USN, Surgeon General of the Navy and Chief, Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, all of the Department of Defense; Bernadette C. Loftus, Mid-Atlantic Permanente Medical Group; A. Mark Fendrick, University of Michigan Center for Value- Based Insurance Design; David J. McIntyre, Jr., TriWest Healthcare Alliance; and John E. Whitley, Institute for Defense Analyses. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine the De-partment of Energy atomic energy defense activities and programs in review of the defense authorization request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE6.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D155 February 23, 2016 
Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Frank G. Klotz, Under Secretary for Nuclear Secu-rity, and Monica C. Regalbuto, Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management, both of the Depart-ment of Energy; Anne M. Harrington, Deputy Ad-ministrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, Admiral James F. Caldwell, Jr., USN, Deputy Ad-ministrator for Naval Reactors, Brigadier General Stephen L. Davis, USAF, Acting Deputy Adminis-trator for Defense Programs, all of the National Nu-clear Security Administration; and David C. Trimble, Director, United States and International Nuclear Security and Cleanup, Government Ac-countability Office. PASSENGER RAIL OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security concluded a hearing to examine passenger rail, focusing on op-portunities and challenges for the national network, after receiving testimony from Mayor Knox Ross, Pelahatchie, Mississippi, on behalf of the Southern Rail Commission; Timothy H. Hoeffner, Michigan Department of Transportation, Lansing, on behalf of the Midwest Interstate Passenger Rail Commission; City Manager Rick Klein, La Junta, Colorado; and Joe Boardman, Amtrak, Washington, D.C. MAGNUSON-STEVENS ACT AT 40 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine the Magnuson-Stevens Act at 40, focusing on successes, challenges, and the path forward, after receiving tes-timony from Samuel D. Rauch III, Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Service, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, Department of Com-merce. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR BUDGET Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the De-partment of the Interior, after receiving testimony from Sally Jewell, Secretary of the Interior. OPIOID EPIDEMIC Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the opioid epidemic, focusing on chal-lenges and opportunities, after receiving testimony from Assistant Attorney-in-Charge David Hart, Or-egon Department of Justice Health Fraud Unit/Con-sumer Protection Section, Salem; Allan Coukell, The Pew Charitable Trusts, Washington, D.C.; and Nancy K. Young, Children and Family Futures, Inc., Lake Forest, California. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUDGET Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budg-et request for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of State, after receiving testimony from John Kerry, Secretary of State. ESSA IMPLEMENTATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Every Student Succeeds Act implementation in states and school districts, focusing on perspectives from edu-cation leaders, after receiving testimony from Utah Governor Gary R. Herbert, Salt Lake City; Wis-consin State Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Evers, Madison; David R. Schuler, Township High School District 214, Arlington Heights, Illi-nois; and Kati Haycock, The Education Trust, Delia Pompa, Migration Policy Institute, Becky Pringle, National Education Association, and Randi Weingarten, American Federation of Teachers, all of Washington, D.C. UNACCOMPANIED CHILDREN CRISIS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the unaccompanied children cri-sis, focusing on how to stop the border surge and adequately monitor the children, after receiving tes-timony from Kay E. Brown, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Ac-countability Office; Ronald Vitiello, Acting Chief, Border Patrol, Customs and Border Protection, and Thomas Homan, Executive Associate Director, En-forcement and Removal Operations, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, both of the Department of Homeland Security; Mark Greenberg, Administra-tion for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services; and Juan P. Osuna, Di-rector, Executive Office for Immigration Review, Department of Justice. VETERANS’ PROGRAMS BUDGET Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for Veterans’ Programs and fiscal year 2018 advance appropriations request, after receiving testimony from Robert A. McDonald, Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and Carl Blake, Para-lyzed Veterans of America, Paul Varela, Disabled American Veterans, Ray Kelley, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and Louis J. Celli, Jr., The American Legion, all of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE6.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD156 February 23, 2016 
INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4580–4595; and 10 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 117; and H. Res. 615–623, were intro-duced.
                                                                        Pages H853–54 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H855–56 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on February 16, 2016 as follows: H.R. 3624, to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–422). Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4402, to require a review of information re-garding persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist or-ganizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–423); H.R. 4408, to require the development of a na-tional strategy to combat terrorist travel, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–424); H.R. 4398, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for requirements relating to doc-umentation for major acquisition programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–425); H.R. 3821, to amend title XIX to require the publication of a provider directory in the case of States providing for medical assistance on a fee-for- service basis or through a primary care case-manage-ment system, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–426); H.R. 3716, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to require States to provide to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services certain infor-mation with respect to provider terminations, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–427); H. Res. 618, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3624) to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder (H. Rept. 114–428); and H. Res. 619, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportuni-ties for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–429).                                                                                               Page H853 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Buck to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                       Page H821 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:12 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:02 p.m.
                                                     Page H822 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Directing Dollars to Disaster Relief Act: S. 2109, to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to develop an inte-grated plan to reduce administrative costs under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act;
                                                      Pages H823–24 
Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act: H.R. 3584, amended, to au-thorize, streamline, and identify efficiencies within the Transportation Security Administration; 
                                                                                      Pages H824–30 
National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016: H.R. 4408, amended, to require the development of a national strategy to combat ter-rorist travel, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 392 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 83; 
                                                                          Pages H830–31, H835 
DHS Acquisition Documentation Integrity Act of 2016: H.R. 4398, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to provide for requirements relating to documentation for major acquisition programs; and
                                                                              Pages H831–33 
Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016: H.R. 4402, amended, to require a review of information regard-ing persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist organiza-tions in Syria and Iraq, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 397 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 84. 
                                                                          Pages H833–34, H836 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:41 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                     Page H834 
Expressing the profound sorrow of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE6.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D157 February 23, 2016 
Antonin Scalia: The House agreed to H. Res. 620, expressing the profound sorrow of the House of Rep-resentatives on the death of the Honorable Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
                                                                Page H837 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center: The House agreed to dis-charge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 113, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collectively to the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers’’.
                                                          Page H837 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H822. Senate Referrals: S. 2451 was referred to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. S. 2234 was held at the desk.
                                    Page H850 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H835 and H836. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and at 9:19 p.m., pursuant to House Resolution 620, the House stands adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable Antonin Scalia. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the Office of Management and Budget. Testimony was heard from Shaun Donovan, Director, Office of Management and Budget. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Department of Commerce. Testimony was heard from Penny Pritzker, Secretary, Department of Commerce. SHARE ACT; FRAUDULENT JOINDER PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2406, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’; H.R. 3624, the ‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a struc-tured rule for H.R. 3624. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the pur-pose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Committee on Rules, by record vote of 8–3, granted a structured rule for H.R. 2406. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments print-ed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Buck, Cicilline, Wittman, Dingell, Lummis, Griffith of Virginia, Garamendi, and Ribble. PERSIAN GULF WAR: AN ASSESSMENT OF HEALTH OUTCOMES ON THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE6.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD158 February 23, 2016 
‘‘Persian Gulf War: An Assessment of Health Out-comes on the 25th Anniversary’’. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Clancy, Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Organizational Excellence, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
DAV LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Senate Committee con-cluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative pres-entation of the Disabled American Veterans, after re-ceiving testimony from Moses A. McIntosh, Jr., Dis-abled American Veterans, Hephzibah, Georgia. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Army, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Homeland Security, 2:15 p.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold closed hearings to exam-ine Iran’s intelligence and unconventional military capa-bilities, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Renewable Fuel Stand-ard, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine ending modern slavery, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the Zika virus, focusing on ad-dressing the growing public health threat, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act, focusing on opportunities for improve-ment to support state and local governments, 10:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SH–216. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine opioid use among seniors, focusing on issues and emerg-ing trends, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘State of the Rural Economy’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Long-worth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the United States Forest Service, 9:30 a.m., B–308 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Homeland Security, budget hearing on the Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs, budget hearing on the Department of State and Foreign Assistance, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the USDA Food and Nutrition Serv-ice, 10:15 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Justice, 10:30 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hearing on United States European Command, 11 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Transportation, 2 p.m., 2359 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service, 2:30 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Challenge of Conventional and Hybrid Warfare in the Asia-Pacific Region: The Changing the Nature of the Security Environment and Its Effect on Military Planning’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2017 Science and Technology Programs: Defense Innova-tion to Create the Future Military Force’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategic Forces Posture’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Defense Health Agency: Budgeting and Structure’’, 5 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Policies and Pri-orities of the U.S. Department of Education’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2017 HHS Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE6.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D159 February 23, 2016 Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘DOE for the 21st Century: Science, Environ-ment, and National Security Missions’’, 11:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Small Business Broadband Deployment Act’’; a bill to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce; H.R. 1268, the ‘‘Energy Efficient Government Technology Act’’; H.R. 2984, the ‘‘Fair RATES Act’’; H.R. 3021, the ‘‘AIR Survey Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3797, the ‘‘Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment (SENSE) Act’’; H.R. 4238, to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities; H.R. 4427, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act; H.R. 4444, the ‘‘EPS Improvement Act’’; H.R. 4557, the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act’’; H.R. 2080, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hy-droelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam; H.R. 2081, to extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam; H.R. 3447, to extend the deadline for commence-ment of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the W. Kerr Scott Dam; H.R. 4411, to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gathright Dam; H.R. 4416, to ex-tend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Jennings Randolph Dam; H.R. 4412, to extend the deadline for commence-ment of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Flannagan Dam; and H.R. 4434, to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Cannonsville Dam, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III on the Fixed Income Market and Securitizations’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 148, calling on the government of Iran to ful-fill their promises of assistance in this case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States hostage in our Nation’s history; H. Res. 551, recognizing the impor-tance of the United States-Israel economic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; H.R. 3924, the ‘‘Global Development Lab of 2015’’; and H.R. 4403, the ‘‘Enhancing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations; Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Establishing Accountability at the World Intellec-tual Property Organization: Illicit Technology Transfers, Whistleblowing, and Reform’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Boko Haram: The Islamist Insur-gency in West Africa’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3892, the ‘‘Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designa-tion Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Triple Threat to Work-ers and Households: Impacts of Federal Regulations on Jobs, Wages and Startups’’, 3 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The 2016 California Water Supply Outlook During the El Nin˜o and Three Years of Restricted Water Deliveries’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Imposition of New Regulations Through the President’s Memorandum on Mitigation’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 3477, the ‘‘Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act’’; and H.R. 3599, the ‘‘Eastern Band Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-committee on Transportation and Public Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘The Zika Virus: Coordination of a Multi-Agen-cy Response’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Unlocking the Secrets of the Universe: Gravitational Waves’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of United States Army Corps of Engi-neers Reports to Congress on Future Water Resources Development and Chief’s Reports’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing on the global tax environment in 2016 and how recent developments are further escalating the immediate need to reform and modernize the U.S. international tax sys-tem, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE6.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD160 February 23, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, February 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, February 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the rules: 1) S. 238—Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act, 2) H.R. 3004—To amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission, 3) H.R. 2880— Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2016, 4) H.R. 812—Indian Trust Asset Reform Act, 5) H.R. 1475—Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Re-membrance Act of 2016, 6) H.R. 3371—Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjust-ment Act, and 7) H.R. 3620—To amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area. Consideration of H.R. 3624— Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E197 Barletta, Lou, Pa., E186 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E200, E201, E202 Buck, Ken, Colo., E188 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E185, E186, E195 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E183, E191 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E191 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E186, E187, E188 Cook, Paul, Calif., E199 Costa, Jim, Calif., E186, E188, E191, E194, E195 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E189, E197 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E190 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E187, E196 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E183, E184 Graves, Garret, La., E194 Hardy, Cresent, Nev. E185, E185 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E201 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E201 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E183, E188, E190, E192, E193, E194, E196, E196, E197, E200 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E185, E192 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E198 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E198 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E187, E190 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E200 Murphy, Patrick, Fla., E184 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E193 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E192 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E183 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E188, E189, E189, E190, E191, E192, E193 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E187 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E200 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E185, E196 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E184 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E201 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E199 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E187, E189, E190, E191, E192, E193, E195, E196, E197, E198 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23FE6.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST