Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7401 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2016 No. 177 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of the people’s House as they anticipate returning to their home districts. Once they return home, may they find rest and renewal during their time with family and friends. Bless our Nation as the holy days of the religious traditions for so many of our citizens approach and as the year comes to a close. Help us to look to the future with hope, committed to a re-newed effort to work together as citi-zens of a united America. Help us all to be truly grateful for the blessings of this past year. As always, we pray that whatever is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. GABBARD led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOANN VAN TASSEL OF LAKE ORION (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize JoAnn Van Tassel of Lake Orion. She has devoted her life to selfless acts to benefit oth-ers and is being recognized as 2016 Cit-izen of the Year by the Orion Area Pa-rade Group. JoAnn has been a champion in the community by always supporting local events and important causes. She is ac-tive with many agencies, including the North Oakland Community Coalition and the Downtown Development Au-thority. Among her many charitable acts, JoAnn has organized fundraising events to help those in need and cleans up our roadways to ensure that our community stays beautiful. While serving as Orion Township su-pervisor for 13 years, JoAnn has dedi-cated countless hours to improving the Lake Orion community. Her generosity has touched the lives of many, and her efforts will have a profound impact on generations to come. So, thank you to JoAnn Van Tassel for making the Lake Orion community a great place to live, work, and raise a family. Your generous contributions have not gone unnoticed. f 
DRAIN THE SWAMP (Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing legislation, the Drain the Swamp Act. My bill would make violations of President-elect Trump’s recently announced revolving door lobby ban punishable by law. He said that he will bar political appointees from lobbying for 5 years after they serve in his administration and perma-nently from lobbying for foreign gov-ernments. Unfortunately, his proposal lacks any enforcement mechanism. I want this to be more than a press release. I want to help him in this effort. Just look at the Office of Special Trade Rep-resentative. Why is our trade policy so bad? Because those people worked for industry and then come back to work for the government and go work for in-dustry and promote their own inter-ests. That goes on in many agencies. This would be a good thing for Amer-ica. So I would extend the existing pen-alties which apply to very few people over a shorter period of time with pen-alties up to $50,000 and 1 year in jail to cover all of the 3,648 executive branch political appointees. I am introducing it today knowing it is the end of the Congress, but I am going to provide it to the Trump tran-sition team in the hope that they will endorse this bill, which I will introduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.000 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7402 December 8, 2016 
on the first day of the next Congress and hope to have President-elect Trump’s support to keep the law be-hind his promise. 
f 
HUSTON-TILLOTSON UNIVERSITY (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent several Texas col-leges and universities in my Texas 25th Congressional District, but it is Aus-tin’s first institution of higher edu-cation that I would like to speak about today. Huston-Tillotson University is re-ferred to by many as the jewel of the east Austin community. I have had the pleasure of meeting the school’s presi-dent, Dr. Colette Pierce Burnette. She is only the second female president in the institution’s rich history. I can tell you, Dr. Colette Pierce Burnette is an experienced leader who is committed to the success of her students. Huston-Tillotson College was char-tered by the State of Texas in 1952 and was renamed to Huston-Tillotson Uni-versity in 2005. Its name derives from the merger of Tillotson College and Samuel Huston College. The school’s focus is on liberal arts. It offers associate and master’s de-grees, in addition to bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees, in more than 19 areas of study. I would like to thank President Colette Pierce-Burnette, the faculty, and the administration for their devo-tion to higher education, and I expect they will keep up the good work for many years to follow. In God we trust. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AIRBORNE FIRST CLASS IRVING MUNROE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Airborne First Class Irving Munroe, a veteran of the United States Air Force from my dis-trict in Rhode Island. On June 1, 1951, just few days shy of his 20th birthday, Airman Munroe went missing in action after his aircraft was shot down over Kwaksan, North Korea. Airman Munroe was a devoted son and brother, and our Nation will never be able to fully repay his family for their loss. Airman Munroe was finally laid to rest at Arlington National Cem-etery on October 13, 2016, in a cere-mony attended by those closest to him. His family, which has accumulated more than 100 years of total military service over two generations, truly un-derstands the meaning of service to our country. Americans are fortunate to live in a free and safe country because of the ex-traordinary sacrifices of those who have served in our Armed Forces. We owe all who serve and their families our genuine gratitude and deep respect. On behalf of a grateful Nation, I want to sincerely thank the Munroe family for their service. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JAMES ‘‘J.H.’’ LANGDON (Mr. ROUZER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, it was 16 years ago when I was embarking on a run for North Carolina Commissioner of Agriculture that my uncle told me there was a man I needed to meet. That man was James H. Langdon, whom we all call J.H. Today I rise to honor his service in the North Carolina House, which will soon officially come to a close. A former ag education teacher, J.H. has served six terms in the North Caro-lina House and has either taught or represented practically every citizen in Johnston County and beyond. As chair-man of the house agriculture com-mittee, J.H. has been a tireless advo-cate for agriculture and our farm fami-lies. I know of no one who talks less but does more, which I attribute to his great and abiding love for and faith in our Creator. J.H.’s legacy will be felt across the State of North Carolina for generations to come. On behalf of the citizens of Johnston County and the countless individuals he has touched, I wish him and his wife, Lena, much happiness as they continue their wonderful journey to-gether. 
f 
EVERYONE MUST BEAR THE COST OF OUR MILITARY (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, those who have truly borne the cost of the wars that we have waged since 9/11 have been the men and women who wear the uniform and their families— fewer than 1 percent of the people in this country. For the rest of us, we have deferred our obligations and our payments to future generations. Harvard’s Linda Bilmes estimates that the wars that we are waging since 9/11 will cost this country nearly $1 trillion in healthcare costs and support costs for the veterans who have fought those wars. That is why I am asking my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to join me in sponsoring the Vet-erans Health Care Trust Fund Act, which would create a surtax on each and every American who has not served to ensure that we pay for our wars as we wage them and have the resources to take care of the veterans who fight them. It is going to ensure trans-parency in the cost of these wars; it is going to ensure that everyone bears their fair share of the burden; and it is going to ensure that we always have the resources to always take care of the veterans. Mr. Speaker, I ask that everyone join me in this important effort. f 
FAREWELL ADDRESS (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on one of the last days to be able to come and ad-dress the House before the end of this Congress, I want to take this oppor-tunity, really, to thank the people that work here in the House. We up here talk about our constitu-ents back at home, and Congresses will come and go, but it is the staff here that make this institution run. I want to thank them for the great work that they do. Frankly, there are far too few of us that actually recognize the work that happens. From the folks down in the wood shop, to the people who are working be-hind the rostrum, to our Capitol police officers, to Father Conroy, who keeps us on the straight and narrow, we thank you for your service. I do want to take this opportunity, as we are about to embark on the holi-days, to thank them for the great work that they do for each and every one of us and for our Nation, because they are the ones that truly keep this institu-tion running and make sure that we have a sense of history and that, again, this august body is one that will be represented well for years and, hope-fully, centuries to come. 
f 
PENTAGON’S WASTEFUL BACK OFFICE BUREAUCRACY (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call upon this body to protect our national security by ensuring that the billions we spend through the Pen-tagon are, in fact, well spent. We are currently embarking on en-acting a CR that is inadequate for edu-cation, health care, and economic and job development. It contains a bloated Defense Department with even more money, despite documentation of $125 billion in waste and inefficiencies that their own investigation showed. This does not relate to our service-men and -women who do a great job for our country protecting freedom around the world. This is money that we could use to fund all the war spending and drive down the costs of the Pentagon and Department of Defense almost 20 percent without affecting existing pro-grams. I think we need to declassify the De-partment of Defense study and use that money for the taxpayers to drive down our debt and deficit and make this country great again. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF KJIL AND GREAT PLAINS CHRISTIAN RADIO (Mr. HUELSKAMP asked and was given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.002 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7403 December 8, 2016 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, this year marks 25 years of KJIL and Great Plains Christian Radio in Meade, Kan-sas, providing Christian music, weath-er, sports news, and inspiration to farmers, ranchers, businesses, and into the homes and vehicles of thousands of Kansas families. The process of going from dream to reality took nearly 10 years; but within 24 hours after completing their trans-mission tower, KJIL took to the air September 5, 1992, at 99.1 FM. In 2001, they added another station in Abilene, Kansas, at 105.7 FM. Since then, their story is one of God’s constant faithfulness and provi-sion. What started as a small dream for a rural county and my home county of southwest Kansas now includes nearly 40 translators, including the neigh-boring States of Oklahoma, Texas, and Colorado. Nearly my entire congres-sional district receives radio signals from Great Plains Christian Radio. Not only has KJIL served our region so faithfully for 25 years, they have also done so with excellence. The Kan-sas Association of Broadcasters has awarded them Station of the Year twice. They have also been the recipi-ents of a trio of awards from Focus on the Family Station of the Year—the list goes on and on. Any opportunity to commend KJIL and their history of humbly serving Kansas requires recognition of the peo-ple who made it happen, such as Don Hughes, Jim Fairchild, and my good friend, Michael Luskey, who is cur-rently the CEO and GM. I sincerely hope and pray that KJIL will have service for another 25 years. 
f 
STOP ARMING TERRORISTS (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, under U.S. law, it is illegal for you or me or any American to provide any type of assistance to al Qaeda, ISIS, or other terrorist groups. If we broke this law, we would be thrown in jail. Yet the U.S. Government has been violating this law for years, directly and indi-rectly supporting allies and partners of groups like al Qaeda and ISIS with money, weapons, intelligence, and other support in their fight to over-throw the Syrian Government. A recent New York Times article confirmed that ‘‘rebel groups’’ sup-ported by the U.S. ‘‘have entered into battlefield alliances with the affiliate of al Qaeda in Syria, formerly known as Al Nusra.’’ The Wall Street Journal reports that rebel grounds are ‘‘doubling down on their alliance’’ with al Qaeda. This alli-ance has rendered the phrase ‘‘mod-erate rebels’’ meaningless. We must stop this madness. We must stop arm-ing terrorists. I am introducing the Stop Arming Terrorists Act today to prohibit tax-payer dollars from being used to sup-port terrorists. f 
b0915 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 612, GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 949 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 949 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without inter-vention of any point of order, a motion of-fered by the chair of the Committee on Ap-propriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-70 modified by the amendment printed in the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions. The previous question shall be consid-ered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-69 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Nat-ural Resources, and Transportation and In-frastructure; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, when you asked me to clarify the number of the resolution, I am reminded of my mother when she used to ask me if I wanted to take out the trash. She was not asking me if I wanted to take out the trash. She was suggesting, very po-litely, that it was my responsibility to get out of my chair and get out there and take out that trash. I think about all of the folks that invest themselves in our success here. When you give me a chance to clarify, candidly, I am a little surprised that I need to because I am surrounded by a team of excellence. I should have just spoken it right back to you. We have two bills today, Mr. Speak-er, that are the result of a whole lot of mothers, a whole lot of staffers, and a whole lot of constituents asking the Members of Congress if they would like to take out the trash, telling folks that they have responsibilities that need to be handled and they need to be handled now. It is two bills that this rule makes in order for consideration today, Mr. Speaker. It is S. 612, which is the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act. That is what they call it on the Senate side. On our side, it is the Water Resources Development Act, the WRDA bill, a bill that authorizes projects one by one, considered by the U.S. House of Representatives, not led by the agencies, but led by the people’s House, and directed to the agencies for accomplishment. The second bill is H.R. 2028. It is the continuing resolution bill for FY 2017 funding, Mr. Speaker. I don’t need to tell you—you know the Appropriations Committee well—but this year, for the first time since the people of the Sev-enth District of Georgia entrusted me with a voting card, we passed an appro-priations bill on time. We did it for our veterans. It was signed by the Presi-dent of the United States before the end of the fiscal year. We took a step at getting back towards regular order a commitment we have all made to one another, and a commitment that this funding bill will bring to fruition. It is not what any of us would have wanted on day one, it is not the way any of us believed that we could have completed this process had we had more time, but it is the proper way to make sure that certainty, rather than uncertainty, governs this land. I have got my colleague from the Rules Committee and the Appropria-tions Committee, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) here with me, Mr. Speaker, so I won’t belabor that side of the issue. But what I do want to talk about is something I know well, and that is the WRDA bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.003 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7404 December 8, 2016 
The WRDA bill, Mr. Speaker, this Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, came out of the Trans-portation Committee on which I have the great privilege of serving. The Transportation Committee, Mr. Speaker, is one of those rare commit-tees that you don’t read about on CNN’s Web site, you don’t see it on FOX News, or MSNBC. On the Trans-portation Committee, we get to-gether—Republicans and Democrats— and we talk it out. We talk it out be-cause it turns out that if what you are interested in, as citizens of Florida and the Everglades and Port Everglades and the restoration of those marvelous natural resources down there, that is not just a Florida issue, that is an American issue. If you are interested, as my friends from South Carolina are, in dredging the port in Charleston and making that a world class shipping op-portunity, that is not just a South Carolina issue, that is an American issue. If you are like my friends all across this country, Mr. Speaker, from New Hampshire to California, to Texas, to Colorado, you have projects that are vitally important not just to your con-stituency, but to the economy of the United States of America; and that is what we do on the Transportation Committee. The Transportation Com-mittee is a success if we can help you get to work a little bit faster. We are a success if we can get your kids to that soccer game just a little bit faster. But we are committed to moving freight, goods, and services produced by Amer-ican hands with American labor to their destinations not just across this land, but across this planet. That is what the WRDA bill, controlling those ports and waterways through which so much commerce moves, controls. Mr. Speaker, I talked about regular order a little bit earlier. I have to brag, if I can here, at what may be our last day together. When the chairman of the Transportation Committee, B
ILL S
HUSTER from the great State of Penn-sylvania, took over the Transportation Committee, he said: These projects are so important. This bipartisan commit-ment to the American economy is so important. I am not going to let it get delayed. Now, I confess that we are here on the last day, perhaps, of our time to-gether. It looked for awhile like we might not be able to move this through; but our chairman, through the power of persuasion, fought day in and day out not for 1 year, but for 2 years, to ensure that we could build on the success, which was the WRDA bill in 2014, and bring yet another WRDA bill in 2016. I will say to my friends: If you did not get everything you wanted, I prom-ise you, as our friend, K
EVIN MCCAR-
THY, from California likes to say, You needed everything you got. Even if you didn’t get everything that you needed, we are going to do this again. That is what is so great about reg-ular order here, Mr. Speaker. When there is only one train leaving the sta-tion, we can’t work together on issues. We have got to jam it all in there and we have got to pack everything in be-cause we have only got one chance to serve the people who elected us. When we get back to regular order, when we know there is another bill coming tomorrow and another bill coming the next day, and another bill coming the next day, it gives us an op-portunity to achieve these things one small step at a time. If your constitu-ents are like mine, Mr. Speaker, they didn’t send me here to yank the pen-dulum back and forth from left to right. They sent me here to make a lit-tle bit of progress one day at a time. The WRDA bill exemplifies the very best of us in that way. It represents small steps in almost every jurisdic-tion in this institution to grow the American economy, to serve our con-stituents back home, to make sure that the American taxpayer is getting a dollar’s worth of value out of a dol-lar’s worth of their tax dollar. If you can’t tell, Mr. Speaker, I am tremendously proud of this work that has gone into this bill. My great hope is that my colleagues will support this rule so that we can move on to support that underlying legislation later on this morning. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to present my opposing view. I thank my colleague for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the new fiscal year began more than 2 months ago. Yet, here we are again, considering another continuing resolution just hours ahead of a midnight Friday deadline to fund the Federal Government. Make no mis-take, we are here today up against the threat of another shutdown because of the majority’s inability to do its most basic job of funding the government. It is a shame that we have, once again, resorted to short-term measures instead of passing long-term appropria-tions bills. In fact, the last time that Congress enacted all 12 regular appro-priations bills on time was 1994. As a result, the Chamber continues lurching from crisis to crisis. This is the same type of leadership that has brought our Nation years of political brinksmanship, including fiscal cliffs, near defaults on our national debt, and a government shutdown as recently as 2013, which experts from Standard & Poor’s estimate to have taken $24 bil-lion out of our economy. And for what, Mr. Speaker? So that the majority can play poli-tics with government spending and try to negotiate a more conservative, par-tisan appropriations package with a Trump administration and a Congress under one-party Republican rule. It is especially troubling that the majority has taken the unprecedented step of including a provision in this spending bill to change the congres-sional rules to hasten the confirmation of President-elect Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Defense, retired General James Mattis. That should not be in this bill, Mr. Speaker, but was stuck in here to expedite that movement. The law that was changed clearly states that a Defense Secretary must be out of uniform for 7 years to qualify for a waiver. Certainly that was not done capriciously. It was done so that we can keep civilian control of the military, which is one of the pillars of our democracy. Now, I join with my colleagues in re-specting General Mattis’ lifetime of service and his dedication to our Na-tion. At the same time, the civilian leadership, as I have said, has been the cornerstone of our democracy. To risk losing it risks losing a very precious and important tenet of democracy that states that the United States military must be under civilian control. That is no small thing, Mr. Speaker, but it will be done here with a single vote. I am pleased to see, however, that this package includes $100 million in grant funding to Flint, Michigan, to address the ongoing water crisis that has forced residents to drink and bathe in poisoned water for years. Mr. Speak-er, I am painfully aware of the lifelong impacts that children will be forced to live with as a result of toxic metal in their water. The neurodevelopmental damage will be staggering, in addition to impacts including hypertension, renal impairment, and anemia. We know that we have to protect the water we have, Mr. Speaker, because we don’t manufacture it. The resolution before us today would also bring up the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act. I join my colleague from Georgia in say-ing how important a bill this is. Those of us who abut the Great Lakes are happy that the Great Lakes Restora-tion money is there, which will help to remediate 20 percent of the world’s fresh water contained in those five lakes. It will also increase funding for dredging small harbors, like the Port of Rochester, which ships and receives an average of 95,000 tons of material each year. Commodities that pass through this port generate more than $6 million in local salaries through my district each year. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, the majority has stripped important language from it, including the Buy American provi-sions, which we are perplexed by, since they have been in there for years in the past. b0930 When asked the question of why it is not there, we really didn’t get a straight answer; but the Buy American provisions would require the Federal Government projects to use steel that was made here in America. It is espe-cially disappointing, since President- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.005 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7405 December 8, 2016 
elect Donald Trump has built several of his hotels with Chinese-made steel de-spite his pledging to ‘‘Make America Great Again.’’ The majority also re-moved a provision that would have al-lowed us to utilize funds to improve port and harbor reliability that sit idle in the U.S. Treasury. One other issue that was concerning to us was that the CR does not extend a provision from all of the past years’ omnibus bills that exempt returning foreign workers from the H–2B visa. I don’t know of any issue most recently that has caused more consternation in my office. I have had almost 100 calls from all over the country saying that they are very dependent on it; and our colleague, Congressman L
ONG from Missouri, said yesterday that it was critical to the State of Missouri to get this in. Unfortunately, we were unable to do that. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE), a member both of the Rules Committee and a subcommittee chairman on the Appropriations Com-mittee. Mr. COLE. I thank my good friend for being so generous in yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of both the rule and the underlying legislation. I begin by sharing my friend from Georgia’s enthusiasm for the WRDA bill. I think this was an absolutely masterful piece of work by three chair-men. Obviously, primarily, Chairman S
HUSTER is the architect; but I was also working with him on several important Indian issues and with Chairman B
ISHOP from the Committee on Natural Resources and, on the Flint issue in particular, with Chairman U
PTON from Energy and Commerce. I share my friend’s belief that these projects have been worked through in a bipartisan way. Many, many good things, literally, in every part of the country will take place, and our friends on the other side of the aisle were very cooperative in that as well. This is usu-ally a bipartisan effort. It certainly was in this case. I am very pleased about Flint. There was, frankly, failure at every level of government—Federal, State, and local. I am glad that the Congress is fol-lowing up on the commitment of the Speaker and of our good friend from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), who has been the leader, obviously, in this and is doing the right thing there. Again, the water projects, them-selves, touch almost every district in the country—certainly, every State in the country. I want to particularly point out the Indian provisions in here, which often get overlooked. We did some really im-portant things in working with Mr. B
ISHOP and Mr. S HUSTER in common. We settled a number of really impor-tant individual Indian water case issues. I think the Pechanga case, for instance, which I know my friend the Speaker is familiar with, has been around for many years. We also changed the definitions in law so In-dian tribes can now compete for water projects and water funding, particu-larly in some of the areas. Again, my friend the Speaker has seen some of these shortages in infrastructure as we traveled to reservations around the country together; so putting these peo-ple in a position to make sure they have access to funds to deal with water is important. Finally, for my own State—ex-tremely important—and at no cost to the Federal Government, the Chicka-saws, the Choctaws, the city of Okla-homa City, and the State of Oklahoma negotiated a water settlement arrange-ment inside of Oklahoma for the appro-priate distribution of water. That re-quires Federal approval because there is a trust responsibility. We got the deal done, frankly, relatively late this year. We got tremendous cooperation in Congress and in the Senate. Cer-tainly, JIMINHOFE played a big role over there by getting it in the bill in order to get that memorialized and done in an expeditious fashion. We are very grateful for that. When it comes to the CR, I certainly support the CR, and I certainly appre-ciate very much the work that Chair-man R
OGERS and Ranking Member L
OWEY did to adjust, as much as pos-sible, this short-term funding measure to try and deal with what we call around here ‘‘anomalies’’ and try to get the money to where it is supposed to go. There are many good things, again, in this short-term funding bill through April 28, my birthday, so per-haps this will work out in the end. Of course, it is also Saddam Hussein’s birthday, so that doesn’t always work out too well. At the end of the day, we ought to look at this process. I find myself in agreement with my good friend from New York on many of the things that she had to say. We should be negoti-ating an omnibus bill. We have the time to do it. We were told, when we passed the short-term CR in late Sep-tember, that that is what we would do in this timeframe. I can assure you, be-cause they did it last year, that Chair-man R
OGERS and Ranking Member L
OWEY could do it again this year. We are pretty close on all of these issues. It is a mistake, in my view, to push this into next year. Next year, we will have to write the FY18 budget and do the appropriations while we are simul-taneously doing this, and the tempta-tion will be very great to just do an-other CR and pass this on. While all of this seems like budget double-talk to the average American, the reality is we have passed a lot of good legislation this year, but the funding isn’t matched up with the leg-islation that we have passed. That is because we are relying on a continuing resolution as opposed to doing the real hard work of appropriations. Last year, when we did that, by the way, it pro-vided us budget stability this year. It got us out of a lot of the fights—and guess what. All of a sudden, you end up with cures. All of a sudden, you end up with WRDA. All of a sudden, you get a national defense authorization done, because we have done the appropriate things. The Appropriations Committee, I am quick to add, has done its work. All 12 bills that fund the Federal Government passed out of Appropriations—5 of them across this floor. I believe, with some of the most contentious, like In-terior, our problem partly is our friends in the Senate who blocked up the deal, but we could have still fin-ished an omnibus bill this year. I support this. I don’t think we made a wise decision in the manner in which we are proceeding, but, certainly, we don’t want to shut down the govern-ment. I just want to serve notice to my friends who made the decision that I am going to hold their feet to the fire so that, in April, we actually do what we said we were going to do and that we go back to regular order. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of the rule and the underlying legislation. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. I thank my colleague for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address my concerns regarding WRDA. My home district of Sacramento is the most at- risk major American city for flooding, and with the damaging effects of our changing climate, that risk is not going away. We sit at the confluence of two great rivers, making flood control absolutely essential for the safety of my constituents. That is why I have worked diligently for years to ensure we are making the investments we need to protect our region; but our lev-ees are aging, which is why I have worked so strongly and fought for the inclusion of two projects in this bill: the American River Common Features and the West Sacramento projects. Combined, these projects will result in almost $3 billion worth of lifesaving in-vestments in my region. This isn’t just about protecting a few buildings. The area that these projects support protect upwards of 400,000 peo-ple. It includes four major highway systems, an international airport, the State capitol, and a major water and electric grid. This is about protecting the future of my beloved city of Sacramento, which is why I am so disappointed that WRDA has become a vehicle for a poi-son pill. The drought language that was airdropped into this bill at the last minute pits one region of California against another. It will be detrimental to northern California’s economy and environment, and I am concerned about its impact on our region’s water supply. I share my colleagues’ concerns about the drought, but we need to work together on a solution that takes the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.007 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7406 December 8, 2016 
well-being of every part of our State into account. It is extremely unfortu-nate that WRDA is being used as a ve-hicle for legislation that we should consider as a stand-alone bill, espe-cially given the careful bipartisan work that our colleagues have put into this legislative package. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend from California for her comments. She is absolutely right. I talked so much about the economics of WRDA, and she talked about the truly life-saving aspects of WRDA. We are talk-ing about flood control in so many of these projects. She mentioned the West Sacramento projects in California. Just going through California alone, Mr. Speaker, the American River Common Features project, the San Diego Coun-ty storm risk reduction project, the South San Francisco Bay Shoreline project, the Los Angeles River project are all being worked through and ap-proved. These projects are not just going to put people to work. These projects are going to make people safer. I thank my colleague for recognizing that and for helping to celebrate that with me. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we can defeat the previous question this morning, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would set aside excess funds from the Abandoned Mine Land fund for the miners’ health benefits and pension plans. We must do everything we can to protect the benefits that our hard-working miners have earned through-out the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. I thank the gen-tlewoman from New York. Mr. Speaker, 70 years ago, United Mine Workers of America President John L. Lewis—a lifetime Republican— crossed party lines to work with Presi-dent Roosevelt and his administration to make a deal to end a nationwide coal strike. The deal ended up prom-ising health and pension benefits for miners in this country in exchange for their lifetime of hard work. It was a promise that the Federal Government has kept since then. Every year, no matter who the President is, no matter who is in control of the Congress, it is a promise that our Nation has kept every single year for 70 years; but, Mr. Speaker, that is about to change. Right now, 22,500 coal miners in West Virginia, in Ohio, in my own home State of Pennsylvania, and across coal country are facing a complete loss of their health and pension benefits dur-ing 2017. It breaks the long-time prom-ise between the coal industry, its work-ers, and the Federal Government. The continuing resolution before us purports to fix this problem by ensur-ing that 16,300 miners who would lose their health care on December 31 are taken care of. However, this is only a short-term Band-Aid, 4-month patch for health care, which leaves miners worse off in April than they are today. Most importantly, this CR does abso-lutely nothing to solve the pension problem—this in return for a lifetime of hard and dangerous work. There are actual long-term solutions available that this body should be con-sidering. The Miners Protection Act would fix both the health care and pen-sions for miners permanently. I repeat, it fixes the problems permanently. Mr. Speaker, there is absolutely no reason for the short-term patch the majority is proposing here today. Min-ers across Pennsylvania have risked their health and safety to secure better lives for their families. They have dedi-cated their careers to ensuring that U.S. factories have the energy to con-tinue to work and that our homes, schools, and workplaces can keep their lights on. This country became a great country on the backs of our hard-working coal miners. We should not be turning our backs on them now. Mr. Speaker, the great American lawyer, Clarence Darrow, came to Scranton in the midst of one of these coal strikes, and he got to know the coal miners. Here is what he said about them: These are men who toil while other men grow rich, men who go down into the Earth and face greater dangers than men who go out upon the sea or out upon the land in bat-tle, men who have little to hope for, little to think of excepting work. These are men, men like any others, who, in the midst of sorrow, travail, and a severe and cruel crisis, de-meaned themselves as nobly, as bravely, as loyally as any body of men who ever lived and suffered and died for the benefit of the generations that are yet to come. 
Darrow was right, Mr. Speaker. We need to protect the health care and pensions of our miners and create new jobs throughout our coal regions. The commonsense, bipartisan Miners Pro-tection Act would give miners across Pennsylvania and the rest of coal coun-try the peace of mind of knowing that the retirements they worked all of their lives for are secure. Mr. Speaker, we cannot continue to fix our partisan spending issues at the expense of the American worker. We have to keep the promises we made to our hardworking men and women. That is why I urge my colleagues to do just that and agree to this motion to defeat the previous question so that we can bring up and include important legisla-tion to protect our coal miners’ pen-sions and health care. b0945 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the Dem-ocrat leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her superior service on the Rules Com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, across America today, hardworking people and seniors find that their retirement security is under threat and in doubt. Congress has a re-sponsibility to strengthen Americans’ retirement security, and we dishonor that responsibility with the half meas-ure for coal miners in the CR today— less than a half measure. I commend Congressman C
ARTWRIGHT  of Pennsylvania. He knows full well the contribution that the coal miners have made to our economy. He knows the stress that they are under from what is happening now and how this is exacer-bated by the continuing resolution. Mr. Speaker, 22,500 coal miners in Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, and across coal country are facing a com-plete loss of their health and pension benefits in 2017. However, the con-tinuing resolution offers these men and women only a short term. Senator M
ANCHIN has been making the pitch, and many of us have joined him, that these health and pension benefits should be in our legislation at least for 5 years, preferably in per-petuity. What the CR says is: not in per-petuity, not in 5 years—for 4 months; for 4 months and only health benefits, completely ignoring the pension part of it. Coal miners are on the Hill today to make their case, to tell their personal stories about how this has affected them. After a lifetime of service and in a culture built around that industry, they trusted that their pension and their health benefits would be there. But their companies went bankrupt. Think of this, my colleagues. If you, anyone in your family, or any of your constituents were working a lifetime in a company, in an industry, and that company went bankrupt, and the an-swer to you is: Tough luck. We went bankrupt. Your pension went down the drain. It is absolutely criminal. It is abso-lutely criminal. The CR offers a short-term, 4-month patch for health care and leaves the miners worse off in April than they are now. I thank Senator M
ANCHIN for taking the lead in such a forceful way, and I thank M
ATTCARTWRIGHT for leading us here. In hope that we could defeat this rule, I urge my Republican colleagues who are from coal country in Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia—and coal country goes beyond. Virginia is one of the biggest coal-producing States, though you might not realize it. The CR does nothing, does nothing to solve the critical pension problem that threatens the future of these miners and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.008 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7407 December 8, 2016 
With our previous question, Demo-crats, led by Congressman C
ARTWRIGHT , are calling on Republicans to do better. We should be voting on commonsense, bipartisan legislation that would give miners in coal country the peace of mind of knowing that their retire-ments that they worked for all their lives are secure. Mr. M
CKINLEY of West Virginia, a Re-publican, has led the way with the Min-ers Protection Act. It is a bipartisan bill. It has 87 cosponsors, and we would like to defeat this rule so that we can bring up Mr. M
CKINLEY ’s Miners Pro-tection Act. The bipartisan bill would transfer funds in excess of the amounts needed to meet existing legislation under the Abandoned Mine Land fund to the United Mine Workers 1974 pension plan to prevent its insolvency. The funds are there. They just need to be trans-ferred. Mr. M
CKINLEY ’s bill does that. Make certain retirees who lose healthcare benefits following the bank-ruptcy or insolvency of his or her em-ployer eligible for benefits. As these families head toward the holiday season, we must ensure they can celebrate knowing that the health and pension benefits they earned—they have earned—will always be there for them. I was disappointed that, in the CR, we did not have an extender for some renewable initiatives, renewable alter-natives. But we were told by the Speaker’s Office that our guys are fos-sil fuel guys. They are not interested in the renewables. Okay. I respect that. If you are fossil fuel guys, why aren’t you looking out for the fossil fuel people who have worked under dangerous circumstances for their lives, going into unsafe situa-tions, breathing air that has created problems for their health, and now the companies have declared bankruptcy or insolvency. Tough luck for the workers. Mr. M
CKINLEY knows that is not right. That is why he introduced the bill. Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT knows that is not right. That is why he is supporting the bill. And that is why Democrats come to the floor today to urge Republicans to express their concern for their con-stituents in the fossil fuel industry to do justice to them for the service they have provided for the benefits, pension, and health care they are entitled to. So we will see what the commitment is of the Republicans in Congress to the fossil fuel guys and gals. We will see on their vote here today. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill so we can vote ‘‘yes’’ on the McKinley Miners Protec-tion Act. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am quoting from The Washington Post. It says, ‘‘The United Mine Workers of America’s retirement and health-care funds currently sup-port about 120,000 former miners and their families nationwide, but the ac-count balances have rapidly declined as some coal companies shed dues-paying workers and others filed for bank-ruptcy protection.’’ Mr. Speaker, this isn’t unique to coal country. The promises are unique to coal country, but bankruptcy is not unique to coal country. What is unique about the bankruptcy in coal country is that institutions like this helped to drive it along. Mr. Speaker, what you haven’t heard in this absolutely heartbreaking tale is the government’s complicity through shedding of dues-paying workers and driving companies into bankruptcy, that the coal coming out of the ground in America today is being brought out of the ground by companies that are being forced into bankruptcy today. But that this continuing resolution, while a partial fix, is a 100 percent fix for the duration of the continuing reso-lution. My friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) is my friend, and what he says when he is talking passionately about the lives and what we can do to make a difference in the lives of retired miners, he says with 100 percent heart-felt sincerity, and I am grateful to him for it. And my friend from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ), whose legislation is the subject of this motion, believes in these people, believes in work, believes in commitment to promises like no one else in this institution, and I am proud to call him a friend as well. Mr. Speaker, there is absolutely no question in my mind that we have a shared commitment, shared values, and we will find a shared solution. I am reminded that the last time I found myself in this situation a friend of mine from Michigan was standing right over there at that podium. He too had a motion: if we defeated the pre-vious question, he would offer to help the people of Flint. And I stood here at this microphone and said to my friend that he had a shared concern, that he had a concern that was on the hearts of all of us in this institution, and that we would come back and address his concern, though the forum was not this one today. With no sense of irony at all, Mr. Speaker, I tell you that this underlying bill has those dollars for Flint in it today, that the authorization for those projects are in the underlying bill today. So I say to my friend from Pennsyl-vania, as I said to my friend from Michigan, this is absolutely a shared concern. I am frustrated about how we got here, and I believe we are going to disagree about where blame lies in how we got here. How we fix it, however, is not dependent on who is to blame for getting here. How we fix it is depend-ent on our shared commitment to get-ting it done. This is not the bill for that long-term fix. We have not had those long-term conversations, Mr. Speaker, but we do have a 100 percent commitment for the duration of the continuing resolution to make sure those healthcare benefits continue. And I am proud that we, in a bipartisan, bicameral way, found those dollars to do that right thing. With that, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for her continued leadership, and let me also acknowledge my support of her stance on the previous question and the eloquence of Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT  on a very, very important issue. I rise to be part of that. Let me also join my good friend from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) who said that the appropriators did their work. The American people need to know that. That is regular order, that the appro-priation bills should have come for-ward, and the needs of the American people, through their Representatives in the people’s House, should have been addressed. That is not the case, Mr. Speaker. So I rise with deep concern—one, as a neighbor to Louisiana, which I know that funds are being allocated, but I re-alize the devastation there; but also as a Representative of the State of Texas and the 18th Congressional District, where we face a continuous barrage of rains and flooding, that we need con-tinued relief from flooding and, of course, the additional amendment that I had passed in the Energy and Water Appropriations to finally do a study of Houston’s bayous. I am not going to give up on that. Now, there is money here on a short- term basis for the Army Corps of Engi-neers’ community development block grant, the $1 billion for Federal High-way Administration, but we don’t know whether these moneys will, in fact, be able to solve the problems that we have. So regular order would have been appropriate. I know that the Senate asked for $240 million-plus for Flint, a place where I have traveled to more than one time. I know our good friend from Michigan, Congressman K
ILDEE , has laid himself on the line for those people. There is $100 million here. They need $200 mil-lion-plus now—now. This bill goes until April of 2017; and, frankly, I would argue that there are emergency instances where we need the full funding, and that is what is wrong with this CR. It is a compromise to go down even worse in April. That is my fear. It is a compromise to undermine employees of the Federal Government in April. Who knows what will be on the horizon. So this is not the response that we need for the American people. This is not regular order. This is not full fund-ing. This does not allow for amend-ments. And then let me say this, Mr. Speak-er. The last time we provided a waiver for a general—I think everybody can read their history books, and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.009 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7408 December 8, 2016 
know who General George C. Marshall was, in 1950. We have not done that now for 66 years. Where is the oversight of Congress? As a member of the Judici-ary Committee, to be able to imple-ment a waiver willy-nilly in the CR— no hearings, no legislation, no under-standing. There is a definitive core in the American psyche and the constitu-tional premise of the civilian-military relationship, that there is a separation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield an addi-tional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. To be able to de-fend the Nation, we have the military. They are excellent. I am sure ‘‘Mad Dog’’ Mattis is excellent. But a waiver? Is this going to be the administration of waivers? We have already heard from the top Democrat in the Senate, changing the rules governing nominations he op-poses. We know that, changing the rules in a CR, we should oppose. This is not regular order or regular legisla-tion. This is a continuing resolution. For the American people, let me tell you what is happening. They are trying to ease under the door a process of eliminating the basic principle of sepa-rating the fact that you are in the military and you must have a separate period of time before you come into ci-vilian leadership. This is a bad process, a bad bill. Let’s not fool the American people. Let’s treat them with fairness. This is wrong. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in opposi-tion to the Rule for Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028, the ‘‘Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016.’’ I oppose this rule for four reasons: This rule does not follow the regular order process for House consideration of each ap-propriations bill; allow the full funding of the federal government for fiscal year 2017; allow for amendments; and support a long standing prohibition of not legislating on an appropria-tions bill. The rule before the House addresses con-sideration of the Water Infrastructure Improve-ments for the Nation (WIIN) Act, which in-cludes the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2016, and a Continuing Resolution to fund the federal government until April 28, 2017. The WIIN Act, which contains the WRDA Act, authorizes much needed water projects around the nation that will improve water re-sources infrastructure. On April 17–18, 2016 Houston experienced a historic flood event that claimed the lives of eight people; damaged over 1,150 house-holds; disrupted hundreds of businesses; closed community centers, schools, and places of worship due to flood waters. I appreciate the support I received from the Transportation Infrastructure Committee, which authorized projects that directs the Army Corps of Engineers to conduct studies into the conditions that lead to flooding. Although the funding has not been appro-priated to conduct studies on conditions that lead to flooding, as it should have been if Congress had followed regular order for the appropriations’ process, the efforts to address flooding issues such what was seen in Hous-ton over the last three years is essential to saving lives and property. The Jackson Lee Amendment .to H.R. 5055, the Energy and Water Appropriations Act which will help facilitate the $3 million needed to fund the Army Corps of Engineers’ Houston Regional Watershed Assessment flood risk management feasibility study. When funding is appropriated for this type of project the Army Corps of Engineers will con-duct the first water system studies that looks at all factors that contribute to flooding not only in the City of Houston, but around the na-tion. Should the funding become available a spe-cial emphasis of the study if conducted in Houston would covers 22 primary watersheds within Harris County’s 1,756 square miles, will be placed on extreme flood events that ex-ceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/functions and loss of life. Because of this Jackson Lee Amendment to authorize flood studies, I know that the WIIN and WRDA bills could have been improved through amendments; unfortunately, this rule does not allow amendments. I am a strong proponent of regular order and for the House to take seriously its respon-sibility to fund the federal government in a re-sponsible and prudent manner. The leadership of the House is using the last days the 114th Congress will be in ses-sion to do appropriations work that should take 8 months to complete in a regular appro-priations process. If we do not act, and pass this bill—the fed-eral government would be under threat of shutting down. The fiscal year of the Federal government for 2016 ended on September 30, and the Fis-cal Year for 2017 began on October 1, 2016. The use of Continuing Resolutions was his-torically used for the few bills that did not fin-ish the full legislative process prior to October 1. Now Continuing Resolutions and Omnibus Appropriations bills are an annual part of the House budget and appropriations process— this is wrong and I will work in the next Con-gress to make sure that we are focused on bringing transparency back to the budgetary and appropriations process by following reg-ular order. Mr. Speaker, Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028, ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016,’’ which extends current Fiscal Year 2017 gov-ernment funding through April 28, 2017, at its current rate, which includes an across-the- board cut of .19% for all accounts, defense and non-defense. The federal government operates under budgetary and authorization constraints that cannot be met if administrators of agencies are unable to plan because they do not know what their funding levels will be from year to year. This short term Continuing Resolution does the most harm to Fiscal Year 2017 because we have already passed one CR and now this body is about to pass another that will end in April. This creates uncertainty not only for the work of federal agencies, but for programs that fund local and state programs and projects that include infrastructure, education, food programs and much more. This haphazard appropriations process also causes problems and uncertainty for compa-nies and businesses that provide goods and services to the federal government. Further, this rule keeps in place sequestra-tion the most damaging and fiscally irrespirable thing done by the 114th Congress to the American people. Under the conditions that the two bills under this rule have been managed by the leader-ship of the House, it would have benefited from amendments to make improvements to the bill. Because this bill changes a law that has nothing to do with appropriations, it would have been beneficial to allow the House to clearly speak to this single issue through the amendment process, which would support de-bate and a clear affirmation for the change in law governing the appointment of the Sec-retary of Defense. Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028 also does something very serious, which has nothing to do with funding the federal government. This short term CR has language that changes the number of years a retired mem-ber of the armed services must wait before being considered for the position of Secretary of Defense. The bill’s critical imperfection has nothing to do with funding the federal government—it is a change in law that would allow a retired mili-tary person to serve after only 3 years of re-tirement instead of 7. The service to our nation and the honor and integrity of the person under consideration at present to be the next Secretary of Defense is not in question—it is the reason why there is a waiting period and why that is important. By placing this change in a continuing reso-lution—a bill designed not to allow more than an hour of debate and not changes is not the vehicle we should use to make this change. If President Obama has suggested a change in law to be accomplished in a con-tinuing resolution appropriations bill his re-quest would have been denied. The politicization of the legislative process has seriously undermined the credibility of the Congress to do the important work of funding the federal government. Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that we have again been placed in the position of hav-ing to fund the government through the device of a continuing resolution rather through the normal appropriations process of considering and voting on the twelve separate spending bills reported by the Committee on Appropria-tions. The use of this appropriations measure to further a political objective adds further insult to this body and the appropriations process. There are oversight committees with the knowledge, expertise and experience to make the determination on whether this change is prudent and if they determine that it is—to make the appropriate changes in law. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in opposition to this Rule and in support of Congress returning to regular order for the consideration of authorization and appropria-tions bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.010 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7409 December 8, 2016 
[From CQ Roll Call, Dec. 6, 2016] N
EWCR W OULD EASECONFIRMATION FOR  M
ATTIS  (by John M. Donnelly) The new stopgap spending bill would clear a path for lawmakers to exempt President- elect Donald Trump’s Defense secretary nominee from a law requiring a seven-year waiting period before retired military offi-cers can take that job. Many Democrats oppose the move and they could make trouble for the continuing reso-lution as a result, though it is unclear if they will risk a government shutdown to make their point. The House expects to pass the CR on Thursday and the Senate on Friday, just in time for President Barack Obama to sign the bill into law and keep the federal govern-ment operating, as the current CR expires that day. The new CR, unveiled Tuesday night, con-tains a provision that would expedite consid-eration of legislation that would enable the Senate to confirm retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis, Trump’s now-official pick for Pentagon chief, even though he retired from military service three years ago. 
EXPEDITED PROCESS  The provision provides that the Senate may consider under expedited procedures legislation that would give Mattis an excep-tion to a nearly decade-old law requiring a seven-year interlude after military service. The seven-year mandate was itself a short-ened version of the original in-year require-ment in the National Security Act of 1947 (PL 80–253), to which Congress granted an ex-ception only once, in 1950, in the case of Army Gen. George C. Marshall. The legislation to grant the exception can be introduced in the first 30 days of the next Congress’s first session. It would have to pass both houses, but the CR seeks to knock down possible dilatory procedures Democrats might use in the Senate. The Senate Armed Services Committee would have five days to report it. If they did not do so, it would go straight to the floor anyway. Once there, it would still require 60 votes to pass, unless leaders of both parties agreed to waive that requirement. But the CR provision would knock down a number of other time-consuming procedural hurdles. The Senate would debate it for 10 hours. Arizona Republican John McCain, chair-man of Senate Armed Services, had said ear-lier Tuesday that it is critical to confirm a new Defense secretary as soon as possible. ‘‘Apparently, Democrats are saying they want to drag it out,’’ he said, referring to the confirmation process. ‘‘You can’t drag out the secretary of Defense. . . . It’s absolutely disgraceful. It puts the nation’s security at risk.’’ Democrats have said they will resist an at-tempt to bobtail congressional debate over the Mattis nomination and the larger issue of civilian control of the military, which they believe deserves scrutiny. Whether they will oppose the expedited process detailed in the CR provision remains to be seen. 
OPPOSITION TO RULE CHANGES  Asked before the CR provision was un-veiled publicly whether the Mattis provision could doom the whole stopgap, incoming Senate Minority Whip Richard J. Durbin said: ‘‘I hope it doesn’t come to it . . . There’s a strong sentiment opposing any rules changes in the CR.’’ Jack Reed of Rhode Island, the top Demo-crat on Senate Armed Services, said in a statement he opposes ‘‘changing the rules’’ governing nominations. ‘‘Trying to jam an historic change like this through on a year-end spending bill, or changing the rules before a serious debate can take place, is not the way to conduct the people’s business,’’ Reed said. ‘‘Surely, at the very least, it is worth having bipartisan hearings and debate before taking any action that could unintentionally disrupt the long established principle of civilian control of the military.’’ New York Democrat Charles E. Schumer, the Senate’s incoming minority leader, told reporters prior to release of the new spend-ing legislation that the Mattis nomination should not be ‘‘short-shrifted through a CR.’’ ‘‘There should be a full process, and our caucus feels very strongly about that,’’ Schumer said. ‘‘And changing the rules in a CR? That’s never been done before.’’ Along the same lines, in the House, Minor-ity Leader Nancy Pelosi, D–Calif., said ear-lier in the day that using a CR to address a forthcoming nomination would set a ‘‘ter-rible precedent.’’ ‘‘The American people are entitled to reg-ular order and thoughtful scrutiny of nomi-nees and any potential waivers,’’ Pelosi said. Likewise, the top Democrat on House In-telligence, Californian Adam B. Schiff, said in a statement prior to the CR’s release: ‘‘Members of Congress would benefit from knowing not only General Mattis’ views on civilian control of the military, but who else from the military the President-elect in-tends to nominate for other key positions in his Cabinet. This ill-considered idea of rush-ing to judgment and including the waiver in a must-pass spending bill should be re-jected.’’ Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I say to my friend from New York that I do not have any speakers remaining, and I am prepared to close after she does. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I am very pleased to stand here in support of the Water Infrastructure Improvements Act for the Nation, also known as WIIN, because this legisla-tion is a big win for my home State of Florida. There are two projects in there that I would like to talk about: the restoration of our Everglades and actually the expansion of Port Ever-glades, which is a different project. b1000 Our Everglades is the crown jewel of Florida. We also call it the river of grass. It is the home to an extraor-dinary natural habitat which attracts thousands and thousands of visitors every year, but, more important, it is where we store and clean the water for 7 million Floridians each year. Within WIIN is CEPP, Central Everglades Planning Project, which will continue the promise of this Congress to restore the natural flow of our river of grass that was interrupted years ago by Fed-eral agencies. Also in this winning legislation is the expansion of Port Everglades, one of Florida’s premier ports. Last year I was able to travel with our Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to Panama. We witnessed the opening of the canal, and we have seen the mas-sive ships that are now traveling the seas, ships that will not be allowed into many of our ports unless we have an expansion. This bill will allow the ex-pansion of Port Everglades to go for-ward. Mr. Speaker, I just want to let you know that it has taken us 20 years to get this authorized. So when I say this is a big win, this is a big economic win for south Florida because we expect, with the expansion 7,000 new jobs, 135,000 indirect new jobs, and $500 mil-lion of economic impact for our State. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support what will be a big win for our country. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I urge the majority, once again, to get back to regular order and get to work on long-term appropriations to end this long cycle of political brinksmanship. These short-term ap-propriations stifle economic growth and fail to provide stability to the American people. CBS News has high-lighted that it costs the taxpayers an estimated $24 million a week just to run the House of Representatives. It is disappointing that this session of Con-gress is ending much the same way it began, with taxpayers failing to get their money’s worth. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the kind words my friend from Florida just had to say about the WRDA bill. Twenty years was her testimony. Twenty years the folks in south Florida have been waiting for a solution. We came to that in a bipartisan way, bicameral way. If we support this rule, we are going to make that the law of the land. Before I spend a little more time bragging about the content of the bill, Mr. Speaker, I have to tell you that these things don’t happen by accident. On the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure alone, we have got a whole team of folks, again, who have been working for not days, not weeks, not even months, but years on this final project. Our staff director on the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure, Matt Sturges, tireless in this effort; the subcommittee staff di-rector, Geoff Bowman; Collin McCune on the committee, working with every single member to make sure no balls get dropped, that we don’t miss a sin-gle opportunity to make a difference. You look at all the work that goes on behind the scenes, Mr. Speaker, and it culminates right here in just this 1 hour of debate. We have talked about what went on in California. We have talked about what goes on in Florida; in Texas, years waiting for the Brazos Island Harbor project, Mr. Speaker, years waiting for the Upper Trinity River project, the Houston Ship Chan-nel. Thanks to WRDA, all of these projects are going to happen. Projects in Alaska, New Hampshire, Maine, Louisiana, North Carolina, Missouri, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.004 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7410 December 8, 2016 
Kansas, Washington all inside this bill, all the result of individual members working together to make those a re-ality. With the passage of this bill, Mr. Speaker, we are going to get back to a regular order process, exerting our con-stituents’ control over executive branch agencies as it relates to water projects. We are going to get back in the habit of doing the annual work of coming together, looking at what the national infrastructure priorities are of America, and getting about that busi-ness, prioritizing those projects, focus-ing on those projects, getting the red tape out of the way, making sure we are delivering for folks back home. It has been a long time coming. Mr. Speaker, I am not going to slow it down any longer. I ask all of my col-leagues to support this rule so that we can consider the underlying bills, and I ask all of my colleagues to cast an en-thusiastic ‘‘yes’’ vote for those under-lying bills. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 949 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2403) to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pen-sion Plan. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Natural Re-sources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 2403. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting House Reso-lution 949, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4919. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 181, not voting 18, as follows: [Roll No. 617] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7411 December 8, 2016 
Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Ashford Clawson (FL) Clyburn Ellmers (NC) Fincher Forbes Graves (MO) Kirkpatrick McCaul Olson Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Van Hollen Wenstrup Westmoreland 
b1031 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. (By unanimous consent, Ms. L
EEwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR VICTIMS OF OAKLAND  
WAREHOUSE FIRE  
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with a very heavy heart. Last weekend, my home city of Oakland, California, suffered a horrific tragedy. Constitu-ents from Congressman S
WALWELL ’s district and Congressman D
ESAULNIER ’s district suffered a tre-mendous tragedy and were killed. A devastating fire at an artist collective warehouse in the Fruitvale neighbor-hood in Oakland killed 36 young, tal-ented individuals. I want to first thank my colleagues, all of you, for your condolences and of-fers of assistance. These were young men and women who had their whole futures ahead of them. Their lives were tragically cut short. We want to extend our deepest condolences and prayers to the victims’ families and their loved ones during this anguishing time. We are in mourn-ing for these young people. But know that Oakland residents are resilient, compassionate, and caring. We will continue to support all of our residents during this very difficult time with any recovery efforts. I ask the House to observe a moment of silence. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MCCARTHY ). Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 180, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 618] YEAS—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Ashford Clawson (FL) Clyburn Ellmers (NC) Fincher Forbes Graves (MO) Kirkpatrick McCaul Olson Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Van Hollen Wenstrup Westmoreland 
b1042 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.006 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7412 December 8, 2016 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4919) to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reau-thorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 346, nays 66, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 619] YEAS—346 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—66 
Allen Amash Babin Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Chaffetz Comer Davidson DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Foxx Garrett Gohmert Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guthrie Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie Meadows Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Palazzo Palmer Payne Pearce Perry Posey Rouzer Russell Sanford Smith (MO) Stewart Stutzman Walker Weber (TX) Williams Wittman Yoho Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—21 
Amodei Ashford Clawson (FL) Clyburn Ellmers (NC) Fincher Forbes Gibson Graves (MO) Kirkpatrick McCaul Olson Peters Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Van Hollen Wenstrup Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1050 Mr. GROTHMAN changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 617, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 618, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 619. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, December 7, 2016 and Thursday, December 8, 2016, I missed rollcall votes due to my participation in a flyover demonstration in memorial of the 75th Anniversary of Pearl Harbor at the George Bush Presidential Li-brary in Houston, TX. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall Nos. 609, 610, 611, 612, 613, 614, 615, 616, 617, 618, and 619. 
f 
TO ENSURE FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2974) to en-sure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, and for other pur-poses, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2974 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE; PERFECTING AMENDMENT. 
(a) HHS F UNDING FOR TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE.—Section 107(b)(1)(B)(ii) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)(ii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘of amounts made available for grants under paragraph (2),’’. (b) P
ERFECTING AMENDMENT .—Section 603 of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 259) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Victims of Crime Traf-ficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Victims of Traf-ficking’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall take effect as if en-acted as part of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 227). 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RE-COMMIT ON S. 612, GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.017 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7413 December 8, 2016 
of adopting a motion to recommit on S. 612 be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 949, I call up the bill (S. 612) to designate the Fed-eral building and United States court-house located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 949, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–69 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
S. 612 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act’’ or the ‘‘WIIN Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .— Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT Sec. 1001. Short title. Sec. 1002. Secretary defined. Subtitle A—General Provisions Sec. 1101. Youth service and conservation corps organizations. Sec. 1102. Navigation safety. Sec. 1103. Emerging harbors. Sec. 1104. Federal breakwaters and jetties. Sec. 1105. Remote and subsistence harbors. Sec. 1106. Alternative projects to maintenance dredging. Sec. 1107. Great Lakes Navigation System. Sec. 1108. Funding for harbor maintenance pro-grams. Sec. 1109. Maintenance of harbors of refuge. Sec. 1110. Donor ports and energy transfer ports. Sec. 1111. Harbor deepening. Sec. 1112. Implementation guidance. Sec. 1113. Non-Federal interest dredging au-thority. Sec. 1114. Transportation cost savings. Sec. 1115. Reservoir sediment. Sec. 1116. Water supply conservation. Sec. 1117. Drought emergencies. Sec. 1118. Leveraging Federal infrastructure for increased water supply. Sec. 1119. Indian tribes. Sec. 1120. Tribal consultation reports. Sec. 1121. Tribal partnership program. Sec. 1122. Beneficial use of dredged material. Sec. 1123. Great Lakes fishery and ecosystem restoration. Sec. 1124. Corps of Engineers operation of un-manned aircraft systems. Sec. 1125. Funding to process permits. Sec. 1126. Study of water resources development projects by non-Federal interests. Sec. 1127. Non-Federal construction of author-ized flood damage reduction projects. Sec. 1128. Multistate activities. Sec. 1129. Planning assistance to States. Sec. 1130. Regional participation assurance for levee safety activities. Sec. 1131. Participation of non-Federal inter-ests. Sec. 1132. Post-authorization change reports. Sec. 1133. Maintenance dredging data. Sec. 1134. Electronic submission and tracking of permit applications. Sec. 1135. Data transparency. Sec. 1136. Quality control. Sec. 1137. Report on purchase of foreign manu-factured articles. Sec. 1138. International outreach program. Sec. 1139. Dam safety repair projects. Sec. 1140. Federal cost limitation for certain projects. Sec. 1141. Lake Kemp, Texas. Sec. 1142. Corrosion prevention. Sec. 1143. Sediment sources. Sec. 1144. Prioritization of certain projects. Sec. 1145. Gulf Coast oyster bed recovery assess-ment. Sec. 1146. Initiating work on separable ele-ments. Sec. 1147. Lower Bois d’Arc Creek Reservoir Project, Fannin County, Texas. Sec. 1148. Recreational access at Corps of Engi-neers reservoirs. Sec. 1149. No wake zones in navigation chan-nels. Sec. 1150. Ice jam prevention and mitigation. Sec. 1151. Structural health monitoring. Sec. 1152. Kennewick Man. Sec. 1153. Authority to accept and use materials and services. Sec. 1154. Munitions disposal. Sec. 1155. Management of recreation facilities. Sec. 1156. Structures and facilities constructed by Secretary. Sec. 1157. Project completion. Sec. 1158. New England District headquarters. Sec. 1159. Buffalo District headquarters. Sec. 1160. Future facility investment. Sec. 1161. Completion of ecosystem restoration projects. Sec. 1162. Fish and wildlife mitigation. Sec. 1163. Wetlands mitigation. Sec. 1164. Debris removal. Sec. 1165. Disposition studies. Sec. 1166. Transfer of excess credit. Sec. 1167. Hurricane and storm damage reduc-tion. Sec. 1168. Fish hatcheries. Sec. 1169. Shore damage prevention or mitiga-tion. Sec. 1170. Enhancing lake recreation opportuni-ties. Sec. 1171. Credit in lieu of reimbursement. Sec. 1172. Easements for electric, telephone, or broadband service facilities. Sec. 1173. Study on performance of innovative materials. Sec. 1174. Conversion of surplus water agree-ments. Sec. 1175. Projects funded by the Inland Water-ways Trust Fund. Sec. 1176. Rehabilitation assistance. Sec. 1177. Rehabilitation of Corps of Engineers constructed dams. Sec. 1178. Columbia River. Sec. 1179. Missouri River. Sec. 1180. Chesapeake Bay oyster restoration. Sec. 1181. Salton Sea, California. Sec. 1182. Adjustment. Sec. 1183. Coastal engineering. Sec. 1184. Consideration of measures. Sec. 1185. Table Rock Lake, Arkansas and Mis-souri. Sec. 1186. Rural western water. Sec. 1187. Interstate compacts. Sec. 1188. Sense of Congress. Sec. 1189. Dredged material disposal. Subtitle B—Studies Sec. 1201. Authorization of proposed feasibility studies. Sec. 1202. Additional studies. Sec. 1203. North Atlantic Coastal Region. Sec. 1204. South Atlantic coastal study. Sec. 1205. Texas coastal area. Sec. 1206. Upper Mississippi and Illinois Rivers. Sec. 1207. Kanawha River Basin. Subtitle C—Deauthorizations, Modifications, and Related Provisions Sec. 1301. Deauthorization of inactive projects. Sec. 1302. Backlog prevention. Sec. 1303. Valdez, Alaska. Sec. 1304. Los Angeles County Drainage Area, Los Angeles County, California. Sec. 1305. Sutter Basin, California. Sec. 1306. Essex River, Massachusetts. Sec. 1307. Port of Cascade Locks, Oregon. Sec. 1308. Central Delaware River, Philadel-phia, Pennsylvania. Sec. 1309. Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania. Sec. 1310. Rivercenter, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-vania. Sec. 1311. Salt Creek, Graham, Texas. Sec. 1312. Texas City Ship Channel, Texas City, Texas. Sec. 1313. Stonington Harbour, Connecticut. Sec. 1314. Red River below Denison Dam, Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Louisiana. Sec. 1315. Green River and Barren River, Ken-tucky. Sec. 1316. Hannibal Small Boat Harbor, Han-nibal, Missouri. Sec. 1317. Land transfer and trust land for Muscogee (Creek) Nation. Sec. 1318. Cameron County, Texas. Sec. 1319. New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam, Georgia and South Carolina. Sec. 1320. Hamilton City, California. Sec. 1321. Conveyances. Sec. 1322. Expedited consideration. Subtitle D—Water Resources Infrastructure Sec. 1401. Project authorizations. Sec. 1402. Special rules. TITLE II—WATER AND WASTE ACT OF 2016 Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Definition of Administrator. Subtitle A—Safe Drinking Water Sec. 2101. Sense of Congress on appropriations levels. Sec. 2102. Preconstruction work. Sec. 2103. Administration of State loan funds. Sec. 2104. Assistance for small and disadvan-taged communities. Sec. 2105. Reducing lead in drinking water. Sec. 2106. Notice to persons served. Sec. 2107. Lead testing in school and child care program drinking water. Sec. 2108. Water supply cost savings. Sec. 2109. Innovation in the provision of safe drinking water. Sec. 2110. Small system technical assistance. Sec. 2111. Definition of Indian Tribe. Sec. 2112. Technical assistance for tribal water systems. Sec. 2113. Materials requirement for certain Federally funded projects. Subtitle B—Drinking Water Disaster Relief and Infrastructure Investments Sec. 2201. Drinking water infrastructure. Sec. 2202. Sense of Congress. Sec. 2203. Registry for lead exposure and advi-sory committee. Sec. 2204. Other lead programs. Subtitle C—Control of Coal Combustion Residuals Sec. 2301. Approval of State programs for con-trol of coal combustion residuals. TITLE III—NATURAL RESOURCES Subtitle A—Indian Dam Safety Sec. 3101. Indian dam safety. Subtitle B—Irrigation Rehabilitation and Ren-ovation for Indian Tribal Governments and Their Economies Sec. 3201. Definitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.021 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7414 December 8, 2016 
PARTI—INDIAN IRRIGATION FUND Sec. 3211. Establishment. Sec. 3212. Deposits to fund. Sec. 3213. Expenditures from fund. Sec. 3214. Investments of amounts. Sec. 3215. Transfers of amounts. Sec. 3216. Termination. P
ARTII—R EPAIR , REPLACEMENT , ANDMAINTE -
NANCE OF CERTAIN INDIAN IRRIGATION  P
ROJECTS  Sec. 3221. Repair, replacement, and mainte-nance of certain indian irrigation projects. Sec. 3222. Eligible projects. Sec. 3223. Requirements and conditions. Sec. 3224. Study of Indian irrigation program and project management. Sec. 3225. Tribal consultation and user input. Sec. 3226. Allocation among projects. Subtitle C—Weber Basin Prepayments Sec. 3301. Prepayment of certain repayment ob-ligations under contracts between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy Dis-trict. Subtitle D—Pechanga Water Rights Settlement Sec. 3401. Short title. Sec. 3402. Purposes. Sec. 3403. Definitions. Sec. 3404. Approval of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. Sec. 3405. Tribal Water Right. Sec. 3406. Satisfaction of claims. Sec. 3407. Waiver of claims. Sec. 3408. Water facilities. Sec. 3409. Pechanga Settlement Fund. Sec. 3410. Miscellaneous provisions. Sec. 3411. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 3412. Expiration on failure of enforce-ability date. Sec. 3413. Antideficiency. Subtitle E—Delaware River Basin Conservation Sec. 3501. Findings. Sec. 3502. Definitions. Sec. 3503. Program establishment. Sec. 3504. Grants and assistance. Sec. 3505. Annual letter. Sec. 3506. Prohibition on use of funds for Fed-eral acquisition of interests in land. Sec. 3507. Sunset. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions Sec. 3601. Bureau of Reclamation Dakotas Area Office permit fees for cabins and trailers. Sec. 3602. Use of trailer homes at Heart Butte Dam and Reservoir (Lake Tschida). Sec. 3603. Lake Tahoe Restoration. Sec. 3604. Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians. Sec. 3605. San Luis Rey settlement agreement implementation. Sec. 3606. Tule River Indian Tribe. Sec. 3607. Morongo Band of Mission Indians. Sec. 3608. Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma and the Chickasaw Nation Water Set-tlement. Subtitle G—Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Sec. 3701. Short title. Sec. 3702. Purposes. Sec. 3703. Definitions. Sec. 3704. Ratification of compact. Sec. 3705. Milk river water right. Sec. 3706. Water delivery through milk river project. Sec. 3707. Bureau of reclamation activities to improve water management. Sec. 3708. St. Mary canal hydroelectric power generation. Sec. 3709. Storage allocation from Lake Elwell. Sec. 3710. Irrigation activities. Sec. 3711. Design and construction of MR&I System. Sec. 3712. Design and construction of water storage and irrigation facilities. Sec. 3713. Blackfeet water, storage, and devel-opment projects. Sec. 3714. Easements and rights-of-way. Sec. 3715. Tribal water rights. Sec. 3716. Blackfeet settlement trust fund. Sec. 3717. Blackfeet water settlement implemen-tation fund. Sec. 3718. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 3719. Water rights in Lewis and Clark Na-tional Forest and Glacier Na-tional Park. Sec. 3720. Waivers and releases of claims. Sec. 3721. Satisfaction of claims. Sec. 3722. Miscellaneous provisions. Sec. 3723. Expiration on failure to meet enforce-ability date. Sec. 3724. Antideficiency. Subtitle H—Water Desalination Sec. 3801. Reauthorization of Water Desalina-tion Act of 1996. Subtitle I—Amendments to the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act of 1990 Sec. 3901. Amendments to the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act of 1990. Subtitle J—California Water Sec. 4001. Operations and reviews. Sec. 4002. Scientifically supported implementa-tion of OMR flow requirements. Sec. 4003. Temporary operational flexibility for storm events. Sec. 4004. Consultation on coordinated oper-ations. Sec. 4005. Protections. Sec. 4006. New Melones Reservoir. Sec. 4007. Storage. Sec. 4008. Losses caused by the construction and operation of storage projects. Sec. 4009. Other water supply projects. Sec. 4010. Actions to benefit threatened and en-dangered species and other wild-life. Sec. 4011. Offsets and water storage account. Sec. 4012. Savings language. Sec. 4013. Duration. Sec. 4014. Definitions. TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 5001. Congressional notification require-ments. Sec. 5002. Reauthorization of Denali Commis-sion. Sec. 5003. Recreational access for floating cab-ins at TVA reservoirs. Sec. 5004. Gold King Mine spill recovery. Sec. 5005. Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Sec. 5006. Rehabilitation of high hazard poten-tial dams. Sec. 5007. Chesapeake Bay grass survey. Sec. 5008. Water infrastructure finance and in-novation. Sec. 5009. Report on groundwater contamina-tion. Sec. 5010. Columbia River Basin restoration. Sec. 5011. Regulation of aboveground storage at farms. Sec. 5012. Irrigation districts. Sec. 5013. Estuary restoration. Sec. 5014. Environmental banks. TITLE I—WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1002. SECRETARY DEFINED. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Army. Subtitle A—General Provisions 
SEC. 1101. YOUTH SERVICE AND CONSERVATION CORPS ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 213 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2339) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) YOUTH SERVICE AND CONSERVATION  C
ORPS ORGANIZATIONS .—The Secretary, to the maximum extent practicable, shall enter into co-operative agreements with qualified youth serv-ice and conservation corps organizations for services relating to projects under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary and shall do so in a man-ner that ensures the maximum participation and opportunities for such organizations.’’. 
SEC. 1102. NAVIGATION SAFETY. 
The Secretary shall use section 5 of the Act of March 4, 1915 (38 Stat. 1053, chapter 142; 33 U.S.C. 562), to carry out navigation safety ac-tivities at those projects eligible for operation and maintenance under section 204(f) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2232(f)). 
SEC. 1103. EMERGING HARBORS. 
Section 210 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(3) by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d)(1)(A) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, if pri-ority funds are available, the Secretary shall use at least 10 percent of such funds for emerg-ing harbor projects.’’. 
SEC. 1104. FEDERAL BREAKWATERS AND JETTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, at Federal expense, shall establish an inventory and con-duct an assessment of the general structural condition of all Federal breakwaters and jetties protecting harbors and inland harbors within the United States. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The inventory and assessment carried out under subsection (a) shall include— (1) compiling location information for all Fed-eral breakwaters and jetties protecting harbors and inland harbors within the United States; (2) determining the general structural condi-tion of each breakwater and jetty; (3) analyzing the potential risks to naviga-tional safety, and the impact on the periodic maintenance dredging needs of protected har-bors and inland harbors, resulting from the gen-eral structural condition of each breakwater and jetty; and (4) estimating the costs, for each breakwater and jetty, to restore or maintain the breakwater or jetty to authorized levels and the total of all such costs. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the inventory and assessment car-ried out under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1105. REMOTE AND SUBSISTENCE HARBORS. 
Section 2006 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2242) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3) by inserting ‘‘in which the project is located, or the long-term viability of a community that is located in the region that is served by the project and that will rely on the project,’’ after ‘‘community’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘and com-munities that are located in the region to be served by the project and that will rely on the project’’ after ‘‘community’’; (B) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘local popu-lation’’ and inserting ‘‘regional population to be served by the project’’; and (C) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘community’’ and inserting ‘‘local community and commu-nities that are located in the region to be served by the project and that will rely on the project’’. 
SEC. 1106. ALTERNATIVE PROJECTS TO MAINTE-NANCE DREDGING. 
The Secretary may enter into agreements to assume the operation and maintenance costs of an alternative project to maintenance dredging for a Federal navigation channel if the costs of the operation and maintenance of the alter-native project, and any remaining costs nec-essary for maintaining the Federal navigation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7415 December 8, 2016 
channel, are less than the costs of maintaining such channel without the alternative project. 
SEC. 1107. GREAT LAKES NAVIGATION SYSTEM. 
Section 210(d)(1)(B) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(d)(1)(B)) is amended in the matter pre-ceding clause (i) by striking ‘‘For each of fiscal years 2015 through 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 1108. FUNDING FOR HARBOR MAINTENANCE PROGRAMS. 
Section 2101 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The tar-get total’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (c), the target total’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—If the target total budget re-sources for a fiscal year described in subpara-graphs (A) through (J) of subsection (b)(1) is lower than the target total budget resources for the previous fiscal year, the target total budget resources shall be adjusted to be equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) 103 percent of the total budget resources appropriated for the previous fiscal year; or ‘‘(2) 100 percent of the total amount of harbor maintenance taxes received in the previous fis-cal year.’’. 
SEC. 1109. MAINTENANCE OF HARBORS OF REF-UGE. 
The Secretary is authorized to maintain feder-ally authorized harbors of refuge to restore and maintain the authorized dimensions of the har-bors. 
SEC. 1110. DONOR PORTS AND ENERGY TRANS-FER PORTS. 
Section 2106 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), respectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETIONARY CARGO .—The term ‘discre-tionary cargo’ means maritime cargo for which the United States port of unlading is different than the United States port of entry.’’; (C) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as re-designated) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION .—For the purpose of calcu-lating the percentage described in subparagraph (A)(iii), payments described under subsection (c)(1) shall not be included.’’; (D) in paragraph (5)(A) (as redesignated), by striking ‘‘Code of Federal Regulation’’ and in-serting ‘‘Code of Federal Regulations’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) M
EDIUM -SIZED DONOR PORT .—The term ‘medium-sized donor port’ means a port— ‘‘(A) that is subject to the harbor maintenance fee under section 24.24 of title 19, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or a successor regulation); ‘‘(B) at which the total amount of harbor maintenance taxes collected comprise annually more than $5,000,000 but less than $15,000,000 of the total funding of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund established under section 9505 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(C) that received less than 25 percent of the total amount of harbor maintenance taxes col-lected at that port in the previous 5 fiscal years; and ‘‘(D) that is located in a State in which more than 2,000,000 cargo containers were unloaded from or loaded onto vessels in fiscal year 2012.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘donor ports’’ and inserting ‘‘donor ports, medium-sized donor ports,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) shall be made available to a port as ei-ther a donor port, medium-sized donor port, or an energy transfer port, and no port may re-ceive amounts from more than 1 designation; and ‘‘(C) for donor ports and medium-sized donor ports— ‘‘(i) 50 percent of the funds shall be equally divided between the eligible donor ports as au-thorized by this section; and ‘‘(ii) 50 percent of the funds shall be divided between the eligible donor ports and eligible me-dium-sized donor ports based on the percentage of the total harbor maintenance tax revenues generated at each eligible donor port and me-dium-sized donor port.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘donor port’’ and inserting ‘‘donor port, a medium-sized donor port,’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘or shippers transporting cargo’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘amount of harbor mainte-nance taxes collected’’ and inserting ‘‘value of discretionary cargo’’; (4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) ADMINISTRATION OF PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a donor port, a medium- sized donor port, or an energy transfer port elects to provide payments to importers under subsection (c), the Secretary shall transfer to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection an amount equal to those payments that would otherwise be provided to the port under this section to provide the payments to the importers of the discretionary cargo that is— ‘‘(A) shipped through the port; and ‘‘(B) most at risk of diversion to seaports out-side of the United States. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with a port electing to provide pay-ments under subsection (c), shall determine the top importers at the port, as ranked by the value of discretionary cargo, and payments shall be limited to those top importers.’’; (5) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) D
IVISION BETWEEN DONOR PORTS , ME-
DIUM -SIZED DONOR PORTS , AND ENERGY TRANS -
FER PORTS .—For each fiscal year, amounts made available to carry out this section shall be pro-vided in equal amounts to— ‘‘(A) donor ports and medium-sized donor ports; and ‘‘(B) energy transfer ports.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘2015 through 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2019 through 2022’’ and in-serting ‘‘2021 through 2025’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section waives any statutory requirement related to the transportation of merchandise as authorized under chapter 551 of title 46, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 1111. HARBOR DEEPENING. 
Section 101(a)(1) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enactment of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘45 feet’’ and inserting ‘‘50 feet’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘45 feet’’ and inserting ‘‘50 feet’’. SEC. 1112. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE. 
Section 2102 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 121; 128 Stat. 1273) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Secretary shall publish on the website of the Corps of Engineers guidance on the implementation of this section and the amendments made by this section.’’. 
SEC. 1113. NON-FEDERAL INTEREST DREDGING AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may permit a non-Federal interest to carry out, for an author-ized navigation project (or a separable element of an authorized navigation project), such maintenance activities as are necessary to en-sure that the project is maintained to not less than the minimum project dimensions. (b) C
OSTLIMITATIONS .—Except as provided in this section and subject to the availability of ap-propriations, the costs incurred by a non-Fed-eral interest in performing the maintenance ac-tivities described in subsection (a) shall be eligi-ble for reimbursement, not to exceed an amount that is equal to the estimated Federal cost for the performance of the maintenance activities, with any reimbursement subject to the non-Fed-eral interest complying with all Federal laws and regulations that would apply to such main-tenance activities if carried out by the Sec-retary. (c) A
GREEMENT .—Before initiating mainte-nance activities under this section, a non-Fed-eral interest shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary that specifies, for the performance of the maintenance activities, the terms and conditions that are acceptable to the non-Fed-eral interest and the Secretary. (d) P
ROVISION OF EQUIPMENT .—In carrying out maintenance activities under this section, a non-Federal interest shall— (1) provide equipment at no cost to the Fed-eral Government; and (2) hold and save the United States free from any and all damage that arises from the use of the equipment of the non-Federal interest, ex-cept for damage due to the fault or negligence of a contractor of the Federal Government. (e) R
EIMBURSEMENT ELIGIBILITY LIMITA -
TIONS .—Costs that are eligible for reimbursement under this section are the costs of maintenance activities directly related to the costs associated with operation and maintenance of a dredge based on the lesser of— (1) the costs associated with operation and maintenance of the dredge during the period of time that the dredge is being used in the per-formance of work for the Federal Government during a given fiscal year; or (2) the actual fiscal year Federal appropria-tions that are made available for the portion of the maintenance activities for which the dredge was used. (f) A
UDIT.—Not earlier than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary may conduct an audit on any maintenance activities for an authorized navigation project (or a sepa-rable element of an authorized navigation project) carried out under this section to deter-mine if permitting a non-Federal interest to carry out maintenance activities under this sec-tion has resulted in— (1) improved reliability and safety for naviga-tion; and (2) cost savings to the Federal Government. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority of the Secretary under this section termi-nates on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7416 December 8, 2016 
SEC. 1114. TRANSPORTATION COST SAVINGS. 
Section 210(e)(3) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(e)(3)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-paragraph (C); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—In the first report submitted under subparagraph (A) fol-lowing the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, the Secretary shall identify, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, transportation cost savings realized by achieving and maintaining the constructed width and depth for the harbors and inland harbors referred to in subsection (a)(2), on a project-by-project basis.’’. 
SEC. 1115. RESERVOIR SEDIMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 215 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2326c) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 215. RESERVOIR SEDIMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016 and after pro-viding public notice, the Secretary shall estab-lish, using available funds, a pilot program to accept services provided by a non-Federal inter-est or commercial entity for removal of sediment captured behind a dam owned or operated by the United States and under the jurisdiction of the Secretary for the purpose of restoring the authorized storage capacity of the project con-cerned. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) review the services of the non-Federal in-terest or commercial entity to ensure that the services are consistent with the authorized pur-poses of the project concerned; ‘‘(2) ensure that the non-Federal interest or commercial entity will indemnify the United States for, or has entered into an agreement ap-proved by the Secretary to address, any adverse impact to the dam as a result of such services; ‘‘(3) require the non-Federal interest or com-mercial entity, prior to initiating the services and upon completion of the services, to conduct sediment surveys to determine the pre- and post- services sediment profile and sediment quality; and ‘‘(4) limit the number of dams for which serv-ices are accepted to 10. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not ac-cept services under subsection (a) if the Sec-retary, after consultation with the Chief of En-gineers, determines that accepting the services is not advantageous to the United States. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary makes a determination under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate written notice describing the reasoning for the deter-mination. ‘‘(d) D
ISPOSITION OF REMOVED SEDIMENT .—In exchange for providing services under sub-section (a), a non-Federal interest or commercial entity is authorized to retain, use, recycle, sell, or otherwise dispose of any sediment removed in connection with the services and the Corps of Engineers may not seek any compensation for the value of the sediment. ‘‘(e) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Prior to accepting services provided by a non-Federal in-terest or commercial entity under this section, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate written notice of the acceptance of the services. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Upon completion of services at the 10 dams allowed under sub-section (b)(4), the Secretary shall make publicly available and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate a re-port documenting the results of the services.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 is amended by striking the item relating to section 215 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 215. Reservoir sediment.’’. 
SEC. 1116. WATER SUPPLY CONSERVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In a State in which a drought emergency has been declared or was in effect during the 1-year period ending on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary is authorized— (1) to conduct an evaluation for purposes of approving water supply conservation measures that are consistent with the authorized purposes of water resources development projects under the jurisdiction of the Secretary; and (2) to enter into written agreements pursuant to section 221 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b) with non-Federal interests to carry out the conservation measures approved by such evaluations. (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—Water supply conservation measures evaluated under subsection (a) may include the following: (1) Stormwater capture. (2) Releases for ground water replenishment or aquifer storage and recovery. (3) Releases to augment water supply at an-other Federal or non-Federal storage facility. (4) Other conservation measures that enhance usage of a Corps of Engineers project for water supply. (c) C
OSTS.—A non-Federal interest shall pay only the separable costs associated with the evaluation, implementation, operation, and maintenance of an approved water supply con-servation measure, which payments may be ac-cepted and expended by the Corps of Engineers to cover such costs. (d) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to modify or alter the obligations of a non-Federal interest under existing or future agreements for— (1) water supply storage pursuant to section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b); or (2) surplus water use pursuant to section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 890, chap-ter 665; 33 U.S.C. 708). (e) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section— (1) affects, modifies, or changes the author-ized purposes of a Corps of Engineers project; (2) affects existing Corps of Engineers au-thorities, including its authorities with respect to navigation, flood damage reduction, and en-vironmental protection and restoration; (3) affects the Corps of Engineers ability to provide for temporary deviations; (4) affects the application of a cost-share re-quirement under section 101, 102, or 103 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211, 2212, and 2213); (5) supersedes or modifies any written agree-ment between the Federal Government and a non-Federal interest that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; (6) supersedes or modifies any amendment to an existing multistate water control plan, in-cluding those water control plans along the Mis-souri River and those water control plans in the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint and Ala-bama-Coosa-Tallapoosa basins; (7) affects any water right in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; or (8) preempts or affects any State water law or interstate compact governing water. 
SEC. 1117. DROUGHT EMERGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—With respect to a State in which a drought emergency is in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act, or was in effect at any time during the 1-year period ending on such date of enactment, and upon the request of the Governor of the State, the Sec-retary is authorized to— (1) prioritize the updating of the water control manuals for control structures under the juris-diction of the Secretary that are located in the State; and (2) incorporate into the update seasonal oper-ations for water conservation and water supply for such control structures. (b) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the update under subsection (a) in coordina-tion with all appropriate Federal agencies, elected officials, and members of the public. (c) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section affects, modifies, or changes the au-thorized purposes of a Corps of Engineers project, or affects the applicability of section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b). 
SEC. 1118. LEVERAGING FEDERAL INFRASTRUC-TURE FOR INCREASED WATER SUP-PLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At the request of a non-Fed-eral interest, the Secretary may review proposals to increase the quantity of available supplies of water at a Federal water resources development project through— (1) modification of the project; (2) modification of how the project is man-aged; or (3) accessing water released from the project. (b) P
ROPOSALS INCLUDED .—A proposal under subsection (a) may include— (1) increasing the storage capacity of the project; (2) diversion of water released or withdrawn from the project— (A) to recharge groundwater; (B) to aquifer storage and recovery; or (C) to any other storage facility; (3) construction of facilities for delivery of water from pumping stations constructed by the Secretary; (4) construction of facilities to access water; and (5) a combination of the activities described in paragraphs (1) through (4). (c) E
XCLUSIONS .—This section shall not apply to a proposal that— (1) reallocates existing water supply or hydro-power storage; or (2) reduces water available for any authorized project purpose. (d) O
THER FEDERAL PROJECTS .—In any case in which a proposal relates to a Federal project that is not operated by the Secretary, this sec-tion shall apply only to activities under the au-thority of the Secretary. (e) R
EVIEW PROCESS .— (1) N
OTICE .—On receipt of a proposal sub-mitted under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide a copy of the proposal to each entity de-scribed in paragraph (2) and, if applicable, the Federal agency that operates the project, in the case of a project operated by an agency other than the Department of the Army. (2) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—In reviewing pro-posals submitted under subsection (a), and prior to making any decisions regarding a proposal, the Secretary shall comply with all applicable public participation requirements under law, in-cluding consultation with— (A) affected States; (B) power marketing administrations, in the case of reservoirs with Federal hydropower projects; (C) entities responsible for operation and maintenance costs; (D) any entity that has a contractual right from the Federal Government or a State to with-draw water from, or use storage at, the project; (E) entities that the State determines hold rights under State law to the use of water from the project; and (F) units of local government with flood risk reduction responsibilities downstream of the project. (f) A
UTHORITIES .—A proposal submitted to the Secretary under subsection (a) may be reviewed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7417 December 8, 2016 
and approved, if applicable and appropriate, under— (1) the specific authorization for the water re-sources development project; (2) section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a); (3) section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b); and (4) section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (30 Stat. 1152, chapter 425; 33 U.S.C. 408). (g) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary shall not ap-prove a proposal submitted under subsection (a) that— (1) is not supported by the Federal agency that operates the project, if that agency is not the Department of the Army; (2) interferes with an authorized purpose of the project; (3) adversely impacts contractual rights to water or storage at the reservoir; (4) adversely impacts legal rights to water under State law, as determined by an affected State; (5) increases costs for any entity other than the entity that submitted the proposal; or (6) if a project is subject to section 301(e) of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b(e)), makes modifications to the project that do not meet the requirements of that section unless the modification is submitted to and authorized by Congress. (h) C
OSTSHARE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), 100 percent of the cost of developing, reviewing, and implementing a proposal sub-mitted under subsection (a) shall be provided by an entity other than the Federal Government. (2) P
LANNING ASSISTANCE TO STATES .—In the case of a proposal from an entity authorized to receive assistance under section 22 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–16), the Secretary may use funds available under that section to pay 50 percent of the cost of a review of a proposal submitted under sub-section (a). (3) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE COSTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraphs (B) and (C), the operation and maintenance costs for the non-Federal sponsor of a proposal submitted under subsection (a) shall be 100 percent of the separable operation and maintenance costs associated with the costs of implementing the proposal. (B) C
ERTAIN WATER SUPPLY STORAGE  
PROJECTS .—For a proposal submitted under sub-section (a) for constructing additional water supply storage at a reservoir for use under a water supply storage agreement, in addition to the costs under subparagraph (A), the non-Fed-eral costs shall include the proportional share of any joint-use costs for operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, or rehabilitation of the res-ervoir project determined in accordance with section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b). (C) V
OLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS .—An entity other than an entity described in subparagraph (A) may voluntarily contribute to the costs of implementing a proposal submitted under sub-section (a). (i) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS.—The Secretary may receive and expend funds contributed by a non- Federal interest for the review and approval of a proposal submitted under subsection (a). (j) A
SSISTANCE .—On request by a non-Federal interest, the Secretary may provide technical as-sistance in the development or implementation of a proposal under subsection (a), including as-sistance in obtaining necessary permits for con-struction, if the non-Federal interest contracts with the Secretary to pay all costs of providing the technical assistance. (k) E
XCLUSION .—This section shall not apply to reservoirs in— (1) the Upper Missouri River; (2) the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint river system; (3) the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa river sys-tem; and (4) the Stones River. (l) EFFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion affects or modifies any authority of the Sec-retary to review or modify reservoirs. 
SEC. 1119. INDIAN TRIBES. 
Section 1156 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310) is amended— (1) in the section heading by inserting ‘‘
AND 
INDIAN TRIBES ’’ after ‘‘ TERRITORIES ’’; and (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘projects in American’’ and in-serting ‘‘projects— ‘‘(1) in American’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) for any Indian tribe (as defined in section 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 5130)).’’. 
SEC. 1120. TRIBAL CONSULTATION REPORTS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the following: (1) Not later than 30 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, all reports of the Corps of Engineers developed pursuant to its Tribal Con-sultation Policy, dated November 2012, and sub-mitted to the Office of Management and Budget before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) Not later than 30 days after the date of the submission to the Committees under paragraph (1), all reports of the Corps of Engineers devel-oped pursuant to its Tribal Consultation Policy, dated November 2012, or successor policy, and submitted to the Office of Management and Budget after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, a report that describes the results of a review by the Secretary of existing policies, regulations, and guidance related to consultation with Indian tribes on water re-sources development projects or other activities that require the approval of, or the issuance of a permit by, the Secretary and that may have an impact on tribal cultural or natural re-sources. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In completing the review under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall pro-vide for public and private meetings with Indian tribes and other stakeholders. (c) N
ODELAYS .—During the review required under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall en-sure that— (1) all existing tribal consultation policies, regulations, and guidance continue to be imple-mented; and (2) the review does not affect an approval or issuance of a permit required by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1121. TRIBAL PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2269) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘projects’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Secretary may carry out water-re-lated planning activities, or activities relating to the study, design, and construction of water re-sources development projects,’’; (B) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS  
TO BE STUDIED .—A study’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—An activity’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
EASIBILITY STUDY AND REPORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—On the request of an In-dian tribe, the Secretary shall conduct a study on, and provide to the Indian tribe a report de-scribing, the feasibility of a water resources de-velopment project described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATION .—A report under sub-paragraph (A) may, but shall not be required to, contain a recommendation on a specific water resources development project. ‘‘(4) DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out the design and construction of a water re-sources development project described in para-graph (1) that the Secretary determines is fea-sible if the Federal share of the cost of the project is not more than $10,000,000. ‘‘(B) S
PECIFIC AUTHORIZATION .—If the Federal share of the cost of a project described in sub-paragraph (A) is more than $10,000,000, the Sec-retary may only carry out the project if Con-gress enacts a law authorizing the Secretary to carry out the project.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘studies’’ and inserting ‘‘an activity’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B) by striking ‘‘carrying out projects studied’’ and inserting ‘‘an activity conducted’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A) by striking ‘‘a study’’ and inserting ‘‘an activity conducted’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) C
REDIT .—The Secretary may credit to-ward the non-Federal share of the costs of an activity conducted under subsection (b) the cost of services, studies, supplies, or other in-kind contributions provided by the non-Federal inter-est. ‘‘(3) S
OVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—The Secretary shall not require an Indian tribe to waive the sovereign immunity of the Indian tribe as a con-dition to entering into a cost-sharing agreement under this subsection. ‘‘(4) W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of costs for the study of a water resources develop-ment project described in subsection (b)(1) shall be 50 percent. ‘‘(B) O
THER COSTS .—The non-Federal share of costs of design and construction of a project de-scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be assigned to the appropriate project purposes described in sections 101 and 103 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211, 2213) and shared in the same percentages as the purposes to which the costs are assigned. ‘‘(5) W
ATER-RELATED PLANNING ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of costs of a watershed and river basin assessment conducted under subsection (b) shall be 25 per-cent. ‘‘(B) O
THER COSTS .—The non-Federal share of costs of other water-related planning activities described in subsection (b)(1) shall be 50 per-cent.’’. 
SEC. 1122. BENEFICIAL USE OF DREDGED MATE-RIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program to carry out projects for the beneficial use of dredged mate-rial, including projects for the purposes of— (1) reducing storm damage to property and in-frastructure; (2) promoting public safety; (3) protecting, restoring, and creating aquatic ecosystem habitats; (4) stabilizing stream systems and enhancing shorelines; (5) promoting recreation; (6) supporting risk management adaptation strategies; and (7) reducing the costs of dredging and dredged material placement or disposal, such as projects that use dredged material for— (A) construction or fill material; (B) civic improvement objectives; and (C) other innovative uses and placement alter-natives that produce public economic or envi-ronmental benefits. (b) P
ROJECT SELECTION .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (1) identify for inclusion in the pilot program and carry out 10 projects for the beneficial use of dredged material; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7418 December 8, 2016 
(2) consult with relevant State agencies in se-lecting projects; and (3) select projects solely on the basis of— (A) the environmental, economic, and social benefits of the projects, including monetary and nonmonetary benefits; and (B) the need for a diversity of project types and geographical project locations. (c) R
EGIONAL BENEFICIAL USETEAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary shall establish regional ben-eficial use teams to identify and assist in the im-plementation of projects under the pilot pro-gram. (2) C
OMPOSITION .— (A) L
EADERSHIP .—For each regional beneficial use team established under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall appoint the Commander of the relevant division of the Corps of Engineers to serve as the head of the team. (B) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of each regional beneficial use team shall include— (i) representatives of relevant Corps of Engi-neers districts and divisions; (ii) representatives of relevant State and local agencies; and (iii) representatives of Federal agencies and such other entities as the Secretary determines appropriate, consistent with the purposes of this section. (d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program in a manner that— (1) maximizes the beneficial placement of dredged material from Federal and non-Federal navigation channels; (2) incorporates, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, 2 or more Federal navigation, flood con-trol, storm damage reduction, or environmental restoration projects; (3) coordinates the mobilization of dredges and related equipment, including through the use of such efficiencies in contracting and envi-ronmental permitting as can be implemented under existing laws and regulations; (4) fosters Federal, State, and local collabora-tion; (5) implements best practices to maximize the beneficial use of dredged sand and other sedi-ments; and (6) ensures that the use of dredged material is consistent with all applicable environmental laws. (e) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Projects carried out under this section shall be subject to the cost-sharing requirements applicable to projects carried out under section 204 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2326). (2) A
DDITIONAL COSTS .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), if the cost of transporting and depositing dredged material for a project carried out under this section exceeds the cost of car-rying out those activities pursuant to any other water resources project in accordance, if appli-cable, with the Federal standard (as defined in section 335.7 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions), the Secretary may not require the non- Federal interest to bear the additional cost of such activities. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— (1) a description of the projects selected to be carried out under the pilot program; (2) documentation supporting each of the projects selected; (3) the findings of regional beneficial use teams regarding project selection; and (4) any recommendations of the Secretary or regional beneficial use teams with respect to the pilot program. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate after completion of the 10 projects car-ried out pursuant to subsection (b)(1). (h) EXEMPTION FROM OTHER STANDARDS .— The projects carried out under this section shall be carried out notwithstanding the definition of the term ‘‘Federal standard’’ in section 335.7 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (i) R
EGIONAL SEDIMENT MANAGEMENT .—Sec- tion 204 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2326) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘For sediment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) S
EDIMENT FROM FEDERAL WATER RE -
SOURCES PROJECTS .—For sediment’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
EDIMENT FROM OTHER FEDERAL SOURCES  
AND NON -FEDERAL SOURCES .—For purposes of projects carried out under this section, the Sec-retary may include sediment from other Federal sources and non-Federal sources, subject to the requirement that any sediment obtained from a non-Federal source shall not be obtained at Federal expense.’’; and (2) in subsection (d) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Disposal of dredged ma-terial under this subsection may include a single or periodic application of sediment for beneficial use and shall not require operation and mainte-nance. ‘‘(4) D
ISPOSAL AT NON -FEDERAL COST .—The Secretary may accept funds from a non-Federal interest to dispose of dredged material as pro-vided under section 103(d)(1) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2213(d)(1)).’’. (j) C
LARIFICATION .—Section 156(e) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5f(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘6’’. 
SEC. 1123. GREAT LAKES FISHERY AND ECO-SYSTEM RESTORATION. 
Section 506(g) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–22(g)) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 1124. CORPS OF ENGINEERS OPERATION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-ignate an individual, within the headquarters office of the Corps of Engineers, who shall serve as the coordinator and principal approving offi-cial for developing the process and procedures by which the Corps of Engineers— (1) operates and maintains small unmanned aircraft (as defined in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note)) systems in support of civil works and emergency response missions of the Corps of Engineers; and (2) acquires, applies for, and receives any nec-essary Federal Aviation Administration author-izations for such operations and systems. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A small unmanned air-craft system acquired, operated, or maintained for carrying out the missions specified in sub-section (a) shall be operated in accordance with regulations of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion as a civil aircraft or public aircraft, at the discretion of the Secretary, and shall be exempt from regulations of the Department of Defense, including the Department of the Army, gov-erning such system. (c) L
IMITATION .—A small unmanned aircraft system acquired, operated, or maintained by the Corps of Engineers is excluded from use by the Department of Defense, including the Depart-ment of the Army, for any mission of the De-partment of Defense other than a mission speci-fied in subsection (a). 
SEC. 1125. FUNDING TO PROCESS PERMITS. 
Section 214(a) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2352(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘railroad carrier’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 20102 of title 49, United States Code.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘or natural gas company’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas company, or railroad carrier’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or company’’ and inserting ‘‘, company, or carrier’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘or natural gas company’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas company, or railroad carrier’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘7 years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’; and (4) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘and natural gas companies’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas companies, and railroad carriers, including an evaluation of the compliance with the require-ments of this section and, with respect to a per-mit for those entities, the requirements of appli-cable Federal laws’’. SEC. 1126. STUDY OF WATER RESOURCES DEVEL-OPMENT PROJECTS BY NON-FED-ERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 203 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—At the request of a non-Federal interest, the Secretary may provide to the non-Federal interest technical as-sistance relating to any aspect of a feasibility study if the non-Federal interest contracts with the Secretary to pay all costs of providing such technical assistance.’’. 
SEC. 1127. NON-FEDERAL CONSTRUCTION OF AU-THORIZED FLOOD DAMAGE REDUC-TION PROJECTS. 
Section 204(d) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2232(d)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
ISCRETE SEGMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may author-ize credit or reimbursement under this sub-section for a discrete segment of a flood damage reduction project, or separable element thereof, before final completion of the project or sepa-rable element if— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), the Sec-retary determines that the discrete segment sat-isfies the requirements of paragraphs (1) through (4) in the same manner as the project or separable element; and ‘‘(ii) notwithstanding paragraph (1)(A)(ii), the Secretary determines, before the approval of the plans under paragraph (1)(A)(i), that the discrete segment is technically feasible and envi-ronmentally acceptable. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—Credit or reimburse-ment may not be made available to a non-Fed-eral interest pursuant to this paragraph until the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) the construction of the discrete segment for which credit or reimbursement is requested is complete; and ‘‘(ii) the construction is consistent with the authorization of the applicable flood damage re-duction project, or separable element thereof, and the plans approved under paragraph (1)(A)(i). ‘‘(C) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the written agreement required under paragraph (1)(A)(iii), a non-Federal interest to be eligible for credit or reimbursement under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(I) identify any discrete segment that the non-Federal interest may carry out; and ‘‘(II) agree to the completion of the flood dam-age reduction project, or separable element thereof, with respect to which the discrete seg-ment is a part and establish a timeframe for such completion. ‘‘(ii) R
EMITTANCE .—If a non-Federal interest fails to complete a flood damage reduction project, or separable element thereof, that it agreed to complete under clause (i)(II), the non- Federal interest shall remit any reimbursements received under this paragraph for a discrete seg-ment of such project or separable element. ‘‘(D) D
ISCRETE SEGMENT DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘discrete segment’ means a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7419 December 8, 2016 
physical portion of a flood damage reduction project, or separable element thereof— ‘‘(i) described by a non-Federal interest in a written agreement required under paragraph (1)(A)(iii); and ‘‘(ii) that the non-Federal interest can operate and maintain, independently and without cre-ating a hazard, in advance of final completion of the flood damage reduction project, or sepa-rable element thereof.’’. 
SEC. 1128. MULTISTATE ACTIVITIES. 
Section 22 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–16) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘or other non-Federal inter-est’’ and inserting ‘‘, group of States, or non- Federal interest’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘or group of States’’ after ‘‘working with a State’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘or group of States’’ after ‘‘boundaries of such State’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary may allow 2 or more States to combine all or a portion of the funds that the Secretary makes available to the States in carrying out subsection (a)(1).’’. 
SEC. 1129. PLANNING ASSISTANCE TO STATES. 
Section 22 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–16) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—The cost-share for assist-ance under this section provided to Indian tribes, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Virgin Islands, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands shall be as provided under section 1156 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310).’’. 
SEC. 1130. REGIONAL PARTICIPATION ASSUR-ANCE FOR LEVEE SAFETY ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) N ATIONAL LEVEE SAFETY PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 9002 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3301) is amended— (1) in paragraph (11) by striking ‘‘State or In-dian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional dis-trict, or Indian tribe’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (12) through (16) as paragraphs (13) through (17), respec-tively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (11) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) R
EGIONAL DISTRICT .—The term ‘regional district’ means a subdivision of a State govern-ment, or a subdivision of multiple State govern-ments, that is authorized to acquire, construct, operate, and maintain projects for the purpose of flood damage reduction.’’. (b) I
NVENTORY AND INSPECTION OF LEVEES .— Section 9004 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3303) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘one year after the date of enactment of this Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘States, Indian tribes, Federal agencies, and other enti-ties’’ and inserting ‘‘States, regional districts, Indian tribes, Federal agencies, and other enti-ties’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the heading for subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘
FEDERAL , STATE , AND LOCAL ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
FEDERAL , STATE , REGIONAL , TRIBAL , 
AND LOCAL ’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘Federal, State, and local’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal, State, regional, tribal, and local’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the paragraph heading by striking ‘‘S
TATE AND TRIBAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘S TATE, RE-
GIONAL , AND TRIBAL ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘State or Indian tribe’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘State, regional district, or Indian tribe’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘State or Indian tribe’’ and in-serting ‘‘State, regional district, or Indian tribe’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘chief executive of the tribal government’’ and inserting ‘‘chief executive of the regional district or tribal government’’. (c) LEVEE SAFETY INITIATIVE .—Section 9005 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3303a) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘1 year after the date of enact-ment of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘State, local, and tribal gov-ernments and organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, local, and tribal governments and organizations’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘Federal, State, tribal, and local agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal, State, regional, local, and tribal agen-cies’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘State, local, and tribal governments,’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, local, and tribal governments’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘, re-gional, or tribal’’ after ‘‘State’’ each place it ap-pears; and (C) in paragraph (5)(A) by striking ‘‘States, non-Federal interests, and other appropriate stakeholders’’ and inserting ‘‘States, regional districts, Indian tribes, non-Federal interests, and other appropriate stakeholders’’; (2) in subsection (e)(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘States, commu-nities, and levee owners’’ and inserting ‘‘States, regional districts, Indian tribes, communities, and levee owners’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘S
TATE AND TRIBAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘S TATE, RE-
GIONAL , ANDTRIBAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘1 year after the date of enact-ment of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘State or tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, or tribal’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘State and Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional district, and Indian tribe’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘State or Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional district, or Indian tribe’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading by striking ‘‘
STATES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ STATES , REGIONAL DIS -
TRICTS , AND INDIAN TRIBES ’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘States and Indian tribes’’ and inserting ‘‘States, re-gional districts, and Indian tribes’’; (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i) by strik-ing ‘‘State or Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional district, or Indian tribe’’; (II) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘levees within the State’’ and inserting ‘‘levees within the State or regional district’’; and (III) in clause (iii) by striking ‘‘State or In-dian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional dis-trict, or Indian tribe’’; (iv) in subparagraph (C)(ii) in the matter pre-ceding subclause (I) by striking ‘‘State or tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, or tribal’’; and (v) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘States and Indian tribes’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘States, re-gional districts, and Indian tribes’’; (II) in clause (ii)(II)— (aa) in the matter preceding item (aa) by striking ‘‘State or Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional district, or Indian tribe’’; (bb) in item (aa) by striking ‘‘miles of levees in the State’’ and inserting ‘‘miles of levees in the State or regional district’’; and (cc) in item (bb) by striking ‘‘miles of levees in all States’’ and inserting ‘‘miles of levees in all States and regional districts’’; and (III) in clause (iii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘State or Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional district, or Indian tribe’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘State or tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, or tribal’’; and (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘States, In-dian tribes, and local governments’’ and insert-ing ‘‘States, regional districts, Indian tribes, and local governments’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘State, Indian tribe, or local govern-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional district, Indian tribe, or local government’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (E) in the matter pre-ceding clause (i) by striking ‘‘State or tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, or tribal’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘State, In-dian tribe, or local government’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional district, Indian tribe, or local government’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘180 days after the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’; and (D) in paragraph (4)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘State or tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, or trib-al’’. (d) REPORTS .—Section 9006 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3303b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘State and tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, and tribal’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘2 years after the date of enact-ment of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘State, tribal, and local’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, tribal, and local’’; (B) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘State and tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, and trib-al’’; and (C) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘State and local’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, tribal, and local’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2016’’; and (B) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘State or trib-al’’ and inserting ‘‘State, regional, or tribal’’. 
SEC. 1131. PARTICIPATION OF NON-FEDERAL IN-TERESTS. 
Section 221(b)(1) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(b)(1)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘and, as defined in section 3 of the Alas-ka Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602), a Native village, Regional Corporation, and Village Corporation’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’. 
SEC. 1132. POST-AUTHORIZATION CHANGE RE-PORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The completion of a post- authorization change report prepared by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7420 December 8, 2016 
Corps of Engineers for a water resources devel-opment project— (1) may not be delayed as a result of consider-ation being given to changes in policy or pri-ority with respect to project consideration; and (2) shall be submitted, upon completion, to— (A) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives. (b) C
OMPLETION REVIEW .—With respect to a post-authorization change report subject to re-view by the Secretary, the Secretary shall, not later than 120 days after the date of completion of such report— (1) review the report; and (2) provide to Congress any recommendations of the Secretary regarding modification of the applicable water resources development project. (c) P
RIOR REPORTS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, with re-spect to any post-authorization change report that was completed prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act and is subject to a review by the Secretary that has yet to be completed, the Secretary shall complete review of, and provide recommendations to Congress with respect to, the report. (d) P
OST-AUTHORIZATION CHANGE REPORT IN-
CLUSIONS .—In this section, the term ‘‘post-au-thorization change report’’ includes— (1) a general reevaluation report; (2) a limited reevaluation report; and (3) any other report that recommends the modification of an authorized water resources development project. 
SEC. 1133. MAINTENANCE DREDGING DATA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish, maintain, and make publicly available a database on maintenance dredging carried out by the Secretary, which shall include informa-tion on maintenance dredging carried out by Federal and non-Federal vessels. (b) S
COPE.—The Secretary shall include in the database maintained under subsection (a), for each maintenance dredging project and con-tract, estimated and actual data on— (1) the volume of dredged material removed; (2) the initial cost estimate of the Corps of En-gineers; (3) the total cost; (4) the party and vessel carrying out the work; and (5) the number of private contractor bids re-ceived and the bid amounts, including bids that did not win the final contract award. 
SEC. 1134. ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION AND TRACK-ING OF PERMIT APPLICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2040 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2345) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 2040. ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION AND TRACKING OF PERMIT APPLICA-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) D EVELOPMENT OF ELECTRONIC SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-search, develop, and implement an electronic system to allow the electronic preparation and submission of applications for permits and re-quests for jurisdictional determinations under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION .—The electronic system re-quired under paragraph (1) shall address— ‘‘(A) applications for standard individual per-mits; ‘‘(B) applications for letters of permission; ‘‘(C) joint applications with States for State and Federal permits; ‘‘(D) applications for emergency permits; ‘‘(E) applications or requests for jurisdictional determinations; and ‘‘(F) preconstruction notification submissions, when required for a nationwide or other general permit. ‘‘(3) I
MPROVING EXISTING DATA SYSTEMS .—The Secretary shall seek to incorporate the electronic system required under paragraph (1) into exist-ing systems and databases of the Corps of Engi-neers to the maximum extent practicable. ‘‘(4) PROTECTION OF INFORMATION .—The elec- tronic system required under paragraph (1) shall provide for the protection of personal, private, privileged, confidential, and proprietary infor-mation, and information the disclosure of which is otherwise prohibited by law. ‘‘(b) S
YSTEM REQUIREMENTS .—The electronic system required under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) enable an applicant or requester to pre-pare electronically an application for a permit or request; ‘‘(2) enable an applicant or requester to sub-mit to the Secretary, by email or other means through the Internet, the completed application form or request; ‘‘(3) enable an applicant or requester to sub-mit to the Secretary, by email or other means through the Internet, data and other informa-tion in support of the permit application or re-quest; ‘‘(4) provide an online interactive guide to provide assistance to an applicant or requester at any time while filling out the permit applica-tion or request; and ‘‘(5) enable an applicant or requester (or a designated agent) to track the status of a permit application or request in a manner that will— ‘‘(A) allow the applicant or requester to deter-mine whether the application is pending or final and the disposition of the request; ‘‘(B) allow the applicant or requester to re-search previously submitted permit applications and requests within a given geographic area and the results of such applications or requests; and ‘‘(C) allow identification and display of the location of the activities subject to a permit or request through a map-based interface. ‘‘(c) D
OCUMENTATION .—All permit decisions and jurisdictional determinations made by the Secretary shall be in writing and include docu-mentation supporting the basis for the decision or determination. The Secretary shall prescribe means for documenting all decisions or deter-minations to be made by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) R
ECORD OF DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall main-tain, for a minimum of 5 years, a record of each permit decision and jurisdictional determination made by the Secretary, including documentation supporting the basis of the decision or deter-mination. ‘‘(2) A
RCHIVING OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall explore and implement an appro-priate mechanism for archiving records of permit decisions and jurisdictional determinations, in-cluding documentation supporting the basis of the decisions and determinations, after the 5- year maintenance period described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make the records of all permit decisions and jurisdic-tional determinations made by the Secretary available to the public for review and reproduc-tion. ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall provide for the protection of per-sonal, private, privileged, confidential, and pro-prietary information, and information the dis-closure of which is prohibited by law, which may be excluded from disclosure. ‘‘(f) D
EADLINE FOR ELECTRONIC SYSTEM IM-
PLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop and implement, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, the electronic system required under subsection (a) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2016. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT ON ELECTRONIC SYSTEM IMPLE -
MENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the expiration of the deadline under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate a re-port describing the measures implemented and barriers faced in carrying out this section. ‘‘(g) APPLICABILITY .—The requirements de-scribed in subsections (c), (d), and (e) shall apply to permit applications and requests for ju-risdictional determinations submitted to the Sec-retary after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. ‘‘(h) L
IMITATION .—This section shall not pre-clude the submission to the Secretary, acting through the Chief of Engineers, of a physical copy of a permit application or a request for a jurisdictional determination.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2007 is amended by striking the item relating to section 2040 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 2040. Electronic submission and tracking of permit applications.’’. 
SEC. 1135. DATA TRANSPARENCY. 
Section 2017 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2342) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 2017. ACCESS TO WATER RESOURCE DATA. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Using available funds, the Secretary shall make publicly available, includ-ing on the Internet, all data in the custody of the Corps of Engineers on— ‘‘(1) the planning, design, construction, oper-ation, and maintenance of water resources de-velopment projects; and ‘‘(2) water quality and water management of projects owned, operated, or managed by the Corps of Engineers. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to compel or authorize the disclo-sure of data or other information determined by the Secretary to be confidential information, privileged information, law enforcement infor-mation, national security information, infra-structure security information, personal infor-mation, or information the disclosure of which is otherwise prohibited by law. ‘‘(c) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall ensure that data is made publicly available under subsection (a) as quickly as practicable after the data is generated by the Corps of Engineers. ‘‘(d) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary may develop partnerships, including through cooperative agreements, with State, tribal, and local governments and other Federal agencies.’’. 
SEC. 1136. QUALITY CONTROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (a) of the first section of the Act of December 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 888, chapter 665; 33 U.S.C. 701–1(a)), is amended by inserting ‘‘and shall be made publicly avail-able’’ before the period at the end of the last sentence. (b) P
ROJECT ADMINISTRATION .—Section 2041(b)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2346(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘final post-authorization change re-port,’’ after ‘‘final reevaluation report,’’. 
SEC. 1137. REPORT ON PURCHASE OF FOREIGN MANUFACTURED ARTICLES. 
Section 213(a) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4831) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EPORT ON PURCHASE OF FOREIGN MANU -
FACTURED ARTICLES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the first annual report submitted to Congress after the date of enact-ment of this paragraph in accordance with sec-tion 8 of the Act of August 11, 1888 (25 Stat. 424, chapter 860; 33 U.S.C. 556), and section 925(b) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2295(b)), the Secretary shall include a report on the amount of acquisitions in the prior fiscal year made by the Corps of Engineers for civil works projects from entities that manufac-tured the articles, materials, or supplies outside of the United States. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subparagraph (A) shall indicate, for each cat-egory of acquisition— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7421 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(i) the dollar value of articles, materials, and supplies purchased that were manufactured out-side of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) a summary of the total procurement funds spent on goods manufactured in the United States and the total procurement funds spent on goods manufactured outside of the United States. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 30 days after the submission of the report required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall make such report publicly available, including on the Internet.’’. 
SEC. 1138. INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH PRO-GRAM. 
Section 401(a) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2329(a)) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may engage in activities to inform the United States of tech-nological innovations abroad that could signifi-cantly improve water resources development in the United States. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Activities under paragraph (1) may include— ‘‘(A) development, monitoring, assessment, and dissemination of information about foreign water resources projects that could significantly improve water resources development in the United States; ‘‘(B) research, development, training, and other forms of technology transfer and ex-change; and ‘‘(C) offering technical services that cannot be readily obtained in the private sector to be in-corporated into water resources projects if the costs for assistance will be recovered under the terms of each project.’’. 
SEC. 1139. DAM SAFETY REPAIR PROJECTS. 
The Secretary shall issue guidance— (1) on the types of circumstances under which the requirement in section 1203(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 467n(a)) relating to state-of-the-art design or construction criteria deemed necessary for safe-ty purposes applies to a dam safety repair project; (2) to assist district offices of the Corps of En-gineers in communicating with non-Federal in-terests when entering into and implementing cost-sharing agreements for dam safety repair projects; and (3) to assist the Corps of Engineers in commu-nicating with non-Federal interests concerning the estimated and final cost-share responsibil-ities of the non-Federal interests under agree-ments for dam safety repair projects. 
SEC. 1140. FEDERAL COST LIMITATION FOR CER-TAIN PROJECTS. 
Section 506(c) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–22(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) R
ECREATION FEATURES .—A project carried out pursuant to this subsection may include compatible recreation features as determined by the Secretary, except that the Federal costs of such features may not exceed 10 percent of the Federal ecosystem restoration costs of the project.’’. 
SEC. 1141. LAKE KEMP, TEXAS. 
Section 3149(a) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1147) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1142. CORROSION PREVENTION. 
Section 1033 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2350) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .—In the first annual report sub-mitted to Congress after the date of enactment of this subsection in accordance with section 8 of the Act of August 11, 1888 (25 Stat. 424, chap-ter 860; 33 U.S.C. 556), and section 925(b) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2295(b)), the Secretary shall report on the corrosion prevention activities encouraged under this section, including— ‘‘(1) a description of the actions the Secretary has taken to implement this section; and ‘‘(2) a description of the projects utilizing cor-rosion prevention activities, including which ac-tivities were undertaken.’’. SEC. 1143. SEDIMENT SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to undertake a study of the economic and non-economic costs, benefits, and impacts of acquir-ing by purchase, exchange, or otherwise sedi-ment from domestic and nondomestic sources for shoreline protection. (b) R
EPORT .—Upon completion of the study, the Secretary shall report to Congress on the availability, benefits, and impacts, of using do-mestic and nondomestic sources of sediment for shoreline protection. 
SEC. 1144. PRIORITIZATION OF CERTAIN PROJECTS. 
The Secretary shall give priority to a project for flood risk management if— (1) there is an executed project partnership agreement for the project; and (2) the project is located in an area— (A) with respect to which— (i) there has been a loss of life due to flood events; and (ii) the President has declared that a major disaster or emergency exists under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170); or (B) that is at significant risk for catastrophic flooding. 
SEC. 1145. GULF COAST OYSTER BED RECOVERY ASSESSMENT. 
(a) G ULFSTATES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Gulf States’’ means each of the States of Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas. (b) G
ULFCOAST OYSTER BEDRECOVERY AS-
SESSMENT .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Gulf States, shall conduct an assessment re-lating to the recovery of oyster beds on the coasts of the Gulf States that were damaged by events, including— (1) Hurricane Katrina in 2005; (2) the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010; and (3) floods in 2011 and 2016. (c) I
NCLUSION .—The assessment conducted under subsection (b) shall address the beneficial use of dredged material in providing substrate for oyster bed development. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the as-sessment conducted under subsection (b). 
SEC. 1146. INITIATING WORK ON SEPARABLE ELE-MENTS. 
With respect to a water resources development project that has received construction funds in the previous 6-year period, for purposes of initi-ating work on a separable element of the project— (1) no new start or new investment decision shall be required; and (2) the work shall be treated as ongoing work. 
SEC. 1147. LOWER BOIS D’ARC CREEK RESERVOIR PROJECT, FANNIN COUNTY, TEXAS. 
(a) F INALIZATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall ensure that environmental decisions and reviews related to the construction of, impound-ment of water in, and operation of the Lower Bois d’Arc Creek Reservoir Project, including any associated water transmission facilities, by the North Texas Municipal Water District in Fannin County, Texas, are made on an expedi-tious basis using the fastest applicable process. (b) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than June 30, 2017, the Secretary shall report to Congress on the implementation of subsection (a). SEC. 1148. RECREATIONAL ACCESS AT CORPS OF ENGINEERS RESERVOIRS. 
Section 1035 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 121; 128 Stat. 1234) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
ECREATIONAL ACCESS .—The Secretary shall allow the use of a floating cabin on waters under the jurisdiction of the Secretary in the Cumberland River basin if— ‘‘(1) the floating cabin— ‘‘(A) is in compliance with, and maintained by the owner to satisfy the requirements of, regula-tions for recreational vessels, including health and safety standards, issued under chapter 43 of title 46, United States Code, and section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322); and ‘‘(B) is located at a marina leased by the Corps of Engineers; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary has authorized the use of recreational vessels on such waters.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the Secretary to im-pose requirements on a floating cabin or on any facility that serves a floating cabin, including marinas or docks located on waters under the jurisdiction of the Secretary in the Cumberland River basin, that are different or more stringent than the requirements imposed on all rec-reational vessels authorized to use such waters. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(A) V
ESSEL .—The term ‘vessel’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 3 of title 1, United States Code. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The term ‘requirement’ includes a requirement imposed through the uti-lization of guidance.’’. 
SEC. 1149. NO WAKE ZONES IN NAVIGATION CHANNELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At the request of a State or local official, the Secretary, in consultation with the Commandant of the Coast Guard, shall promptly identify and, subject to the consider-ations in subsection (b), allow the implementa-tion of measures for addressing navigation safe-ty hazards in a covered navigation channel re-sulting from wakes created by recreational ves-sels identified by such official, while maintain-ing the navigability of the channel. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In identifying measures under subsection (a) with respect to a covered navigation channel, the Secretary shall con-sider, at a minimum, whether— (1) State or local law enforcement officers have documented the existence of safety hazards in the channel that are the direct result of ex-cessive wakes from recreational vessels present in the channel; (2) the Secretary has made a determination that safety concerns exist in the channel and that the proposed measures will remedy those concerns without significant impacts to the nav-igable capacity of the channel; and (3) the measures are consistent with any rec-ommendations made by the Commandant of the Coast Guard to ensure the safety of vessels oper-ating in the channel and the safety of the pas-sengers and crew aboard such vessels. (c) C
OVERED NAVIGATION CHANNEL DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘covered navigation channel’’ means a navigation channel that— (1) is federally marked or maintained; (2) is part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Water-way; and (3) is adjacent to a marina. (d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to relieve the master, pilot, or other person responsible for determining the speed of a vessel from the obligation to comply with the inland navigation regulations promul-gated pursuant to section 3 of the Inland Navi-gational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2071) or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7422 December 8, 2016 
any other applicable laws or regulations gov-erning the safe navigation of a vessel. 
SEC. 1150. ICE JAM PREVENTION AND MITIGA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out projects under section 205 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s), including plan-ning, design, construction, and monitoring of structural and nonstructural technologies and measures, for preventing and mitigating flood damages associated with ice jams. (b) I
NCLUSION .—The projects described in sub-section (a) may include the development and demonstration of cost-effective technologies and designs developed in consultation with— (1) the Cold Regions Research and Engineer-ing Laboratory of the Corps of Engineers; (2) universities; (3) Federal, State, and local agencies; and (4) private organizations. (c) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During fiscal years 2017 through 2022, the Secretary shall identify and carry out not fewer than 10 projects under this section to demonstrate technologies and designs developed in accordance with this section. (2) P
ROJECT SELECTION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the projects are selected from all cold regions of the United States, including the Upper Missouri River Basin and the Northeast. 
SEC. 1151. STRUCTURAL HEALTH MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall design and develop a structural health monitoring pro-gram to assess and improve the condition of in-frastructure constructed and maintained by the Corps of Engineers, including research, design, and development of systems and frameworks for— (1) response to flood and earthquake events; (2) predisaster mitigation measures; (3) lengthening the useful life of the infra-structure; and (4) identifying risks due to sea level rise. (b) C
ONSULTATION AND CONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) consult with academic and other experts; and (2) consider models for maintenance and re-pair information, the development of degrada-tion models for real-time measurements and en-vironmental inputs, and research on qualitative inspection data as surrogate sensors. 
SEC. 1152. KENNEWICK MAN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) C
LAIMANT TRIBES .—The term ‘‘claimant tribes’’ means the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, and the Wanapum Band of Priest Rapids. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Washington State Department of Ar-chaeology and Historic Preservation. (3) H
UMAN REMAINS .—The term ‘‘human re-mains’’ means the human remains that— (A) are known as Kennewick Man or the An-cient One, which includes the projectile point lodged in the right ilium bone, as well as any residue from previous sampling and studies; and (B) are part of archaeological collection num-ber 45BN495. (b) T
RANSFER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal law, including the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), or law of the State of Washington, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall transfer the human remains to the Department, on the condition that the Department, acting through the State Historic Preservation Officer, disposes of the human remains and repatriates the human remains to the claimant tribes. (c) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The transfer shall be subject to the following terms and con-ditions: (1) The release of the human remains to the claimant tribes is contingent upon the claimant tribes following the Department’s requirements in the Revised Code of Washington. (2) The claimant tribes verify to the Depart-ment their agreement on the final burial place of the human remains. (3) The claimant tribes verify to the Depart-ment their agreement that the human remains will be buried in the State of Washington. (4) The claimant tribes verify to the Depart-ment their agreement that the Department will take legal custody of the human remains upon the transfer by the Secretary. (d) COST.—The Corps of Engineers shall be re-sponsible for any costs associated with the transfer. (e) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The transfer shall be limited solely to the human remains portion of the ar-chaeological collection. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary shall have no further responsibility for the human remains transferred pursuant to subsection (b) after the date of the transfer. 
SEC. 1153. AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT AND USE MA-TERIALS AND SERVICES. 
Section 1024 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2325a) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary is authorized to accept and use materials, services, or funds contributed by a non-Federal public entity, a nonprofit entity, or a private entity to repair, restore, replace, or maintain a water resources project in any case in which the District Commander determines that— ‘‘(1) there is a risk of adverse impacts to the functioning of the project for the authorized purposes of the project; and ‘‘(2) acceptance of the materials and services or funds is in the public interest.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS .— The Secretary may only use materials or services accepted under this section if such materials and services comply with all applicable laws and regulations that would apply if such mate-rials and services were acquired by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTARY SERVICES .—The Sec- retary may only accept and use services under this section that provide supplementary services to existing Federal employees, and may only use such services to perform work that would not otherwise be accomplished as a result of funding or personnel limitations.’’; and (4) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by para-graph (2)) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after initiating an activity under this section,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than February 1 of each year after the first fiscal year in which mate-rials, services, or funds are accepted under this section,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘a report’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual report’’. 
SEC. 1154. MUNITIONS DISPOSAL. 
Section 1027 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 426e–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, at full Federal ex-pense,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary may’’; and (2) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘funded’’ and inserting ‘‘reimbursed’’. 
SEC. 1155. MANAGEMENT OF RECREATION FACILI-TIES. 
Section 225 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2328) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) USERFEES.— ‘‘(1) C
OLLECTION OF FEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow a non-Federal public entity that has entered into an agreement pursuant to subsection (b) to col-lect user fees for the use of developed recreation sites and facilities, whether developed or con-structed by that entity or the Department of the Army. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF VISITOR RESERVATION SERVICES .— A non-Federal public entity described in sub-paragraph (A) may use, to manage fee collec-tions and reservations under this section, any visitor reservation service that the Secretary has provided for by contract or interagency agree-ment, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FEES .—A non-Federal public enti-ty that collects user fees under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) may retain up to 100 percent of the fees collected, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding section 210(b)(4) of the Flood Control Act of 1968 (16 U.S.C. 460d– 3(b)(4)), shall use any retained amount for oper-ation, maintenance, and management activities at the recreation site at which the fee is col-lected. ‘‘(3) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The authority of a non-Federal public entity under this sub-section shall be subject to such terms and condi-tions as the Secretary determines necessary to protect the interests of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1156. STRUCTURES AND FACILITIES CON-STRUCTED BY SECRETARY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (30 Stat. 1152, chapter 425; 33 U.S.C. 408), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘That it shall not be lawful’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITIONS AND PERMISSIONS .—It shall not be lawful’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) C
ONCURRENT REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) NEPA 
REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which an activity subject to this section requires a review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), review and ap-proval of the activity under this section shall, to the maximum extent practicable, occur concur-rently with any review and decisions made under that Act. ‘‘(B) C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS AS A COOPERATING  
AGENCY .—If the Corps of Engineers is not the lead Federal agency for an environmental re-view described in subparagraph (A), the Corps of Engineers shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable and consistent with Federal laws— ‘‘(i) participate in the review as a cooperating agency (unless the Corps of Engineers does not intend to submit comments on the project); and ‘‘(ii) adopt and use any environmental docu-ment prepared under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) by the lead agency to the same extent that a Federal agency could adopt or use a document prepared by another Federal agency under— ‘‘(I) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). ‘‘(2) R
EVIEWS BY SECRETARY .—In any case in which the Secretary must approve an action under this section and under another authority, including sections 9 and 10 of this Act, section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344), and section 103 of the Marine Protection, Research, and Sanctuaries Act of 1972 (33 U.S.C. 1413), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate applicable reviews and, to the maximum extent practicable, carry out the re-views concurrently; and ‘‘(B) adopt and use any document prepared by the Corps of Engineers for the purpose of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7423 December 8, 2016 
complying with the same law and that addresses the same types of impacts in the same geo-graphic area if such document, as determined by the Secretary, is current and applicable. ‘‘(3) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept and expend funds received from non-Fed-eral public or private entities to evaluate under this section an alteration or permanent occupa-tion or use of a work built by the United States. ‘‘(c) T
IMELY REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) C
OMPLETE APPLICATION .—On or before the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives an application for permis-sion to take action affecting public projects pur-suant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall in-form the applicant whether the application is complete and, if it is not, what items are needed for the application to be complete. ‘‘(2) D
ECISION .—On or before the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a complete application for permission under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) make a decision on the application; or ‘‘(B) provide a schedule to the applicant iden-tifying when the Secretary will make a decision on the application. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—In any case in which a schedule provided under paragraph (2)(B) extends beyond 120 days from the date of receipt of a complete application, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an explanation justifying the extended timeframe for review.’’. (b) G
UIDANCE .—Section 1007 of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 408a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) G
UIDANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall issue guidance on the imple-mentation of this section. ‘‘(2) I
NCORPORATION .—In issuing guidance under paragraph (1), or any other regulation, guidance, or engineering circular related to ac-tivities covered under section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (30 Stat. 1152, chapter 425; 33 U.S.C. 408), the Secretary shall incorporate the requirements under this section. ‘‘(g) P
RIORITIZATION .—The Secretary shall prioritize and complete the activities required of the Secretary under this section.’’. 
SEC. 1157. PROJECT COMPLETION. 
(a) C OMPLETION OF PROJECTS AND PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For any project or program of assistance authorized under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Pub-lic Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835), the Secretary is authorized to carry out the project to completion if— (A) as of the date of enactment of this Act, the project has received more than $4,000,000 in Fed-eral appropriations and those appropriations equal an amount that is greater than 80 percent of the authorized amount; (B) as of the date of enactment of this Act, significant progress has been demonstrated to-ward completion of the project or segments of the project but the project is not complete; and (C) the benefits of the Federal investment will not be realized without completion of the project. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this subsection $50,000,000 for fiscal years 2017 through 2021. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF PROJECTS OR PROGRAMS  
OFASSISTANCE .—Section 7001(f) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘water resources develop-ment project’ includes a project under an envi-ronmental infrastructure assistance program if authorized before the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016.’’. SEC. 1158. NEW ENGLAND DISTRICT HEAD-QUARTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), using amounts available in the revolving fund established by the first section of the Act of July 27, 1953 (67 Stat. 199, chapter 245; 33 U.S.C. 576), and not otherwise obligated, the Secretary may— (1) design, renovate, and construct additions to 2 buildings located on Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Massachusetts, for the head-quarters of the New England District of the Corps of Engineers; and (2) carry out such construction and infra-structure improvements as are required to sup-port the headquarters of the New England Dis-trict of the Corps of Engineers, including any necessary demolition of the existing infrastruc-ture. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the revolv-ing fund established by such first section is ap-propriately reimbursed from funds appropriated for programs that receive a benefit under this section. 
SEC. 1159. BUFFALO DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), using amounts available in the revolving fund established by the first section of the Act of July 27, 1953 (67 Stat. 199, chapter 245; 33 U.S.C. 576), and not otherwise obligated, the Secretary may— (1) design and construct a new building in Buffalo, New York, for the headquarters of the Buffalo District of the Corps of Engineers; and (2) carry out such construction and infra-structure improvements as are required to sup-port the headquarters and related installations and facilities of the Buffalo District of the Corps of Engineers, including any necessary demoli-tion or renovation of the existing infrastructure. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the revolv-ing fund established by such first section is ap-propriately reimbursed from funds appropriated for programs that receive a benefit under this section. 
SEC. 1160. FUTURE FACILITY INVESTMENT. 
The first section of the Act of July 27, 1953 (67 Stat. 199, chapter 245; 33 U.S.C. 576), is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘For establishment of a revolv-ing fund’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) R
EVOLVING FUND.—For establishment of a revolving fund’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No funds may be expended or obligated from the revolving fund described in subsection (a) to newly construct, or perform a major renovation on, a building for use by the Corps of Engineers unless specifically author-ized by law. ‘‘(2) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to— ‘‘(A) change any authority provided under subchapter I of chapter 169 of title 10; or ‘‘(B) change the use of funds under subsection (a) for purposes other than those described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) T
RANSMISSION TO CONGRESS OF PRO-
SPECTUS .—To secure consideration for an au-thorization under subsection (b), the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentative and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a prospectus of the proposed construction or major renovation of a building that includes— ‘‘(1) a brief description of the building; ‘‘(2) the location of the building; ‘‘(3) an estimate of the maximum cost to be provided by the revolving fund for the building to be constructed or renovated; ‘‘(4) the total size of the building after the proposed construction or major renovation; ‘‘(5) the number of personnel proposed to be housed in the building after the construction or major renovation; ‘‘(6) a statement that other suitable space owned by the Federal Government is not avail-able; ‘‘(7) a statement of rents and other housing costs currently being paid for the tenants pro-posed to be housed in the building; and ‘‘(8) the size of the building currently housing the tenants proposed to be housed in the build-ing. ‘‘(d) PROVISION OF BUILDING PROJECT SUR-
VEYS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If requested by resolution by the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate or the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Secretary shall create a building project survey for the construction or major renovation of a building described in sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Within a reasonable time after creating a building project survey under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the survey that includes the infor-mation required to be included in a prospectus under subsection (c). ‘‘(e) M
AJOR RENOVATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘major renovation’ means a renovation or alteration of a building for use by the Corps of Engineers with a total expenditure of more than $20,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 1161. COMPLETION OF ECOSYSTEM RES-TORATION PROJECTS. 
Section 2039 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2330a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NCLUSIONS .—A monitoring plan under subsection (b) shall include a description of— ‘‘(1) the types and number of restoration ac-tivities to be conducted; ‘‘(2) the physical action to be undertaken to achieve the restoration objectives of the project; ‘‘(3) the functions and values that will result from the restoration plan; and ‘‘(4) a contingency plan for taking corrective actions in cases in which monitoring dem-onstrates that restoration measures are not achieving ecological success in accordance with criteria described in the monitoring plan. ‘‘(e) C
ONCLUSION OF OPERATION AND MAINTE -
NANCE RESPONSIBILITY .—The responsibility of a non-Federal interest for operation and mainte-nance of the nonstructural and nonmechanical elements of a project, or a component of a project, for ecosystem restoration shall cease 10 years after the date on which the Secretary makes a determination of success under sub-section (b)(2). ‘‘(f) F
EDERAL OBLIGATIONS .—The Secretary is not responsible for the operation or maintenance of any components of a project with respect to which a non-Federal interest is released from obligations under subsection (e).’’. 
SEC. 1162. FISH AND WILDLIFE MITIGATION. 
Section 906 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283) is amended— (1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) include measures to protect or restore habitat connectivity;’’; (B) in paragraph (6)(C) by striking ‘‘impacts’’ and inserting ‘‘impacts, including impacts to habitat connectivity’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (11) and inserting the following: ‘‘(11) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this subsection— ‘‘(A) requires the Secretary to undertake addi-tional mitigation for existing projects for which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7424 December 8, 2016 
mitigation has already been initiated, including the addition of fish passage to an existing water resources development project; or ‘‘(B) affects the mitigation responsibilities of the Secretary under any other provision of law.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) U
SE OF FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, with the consent of the applicable non-Federal interest, may use funds made available for preconstruction engineering and design after authorization of project construction to satisfy mitigation requirements through third-party ar-rangements or to acquire interests in land nec-essary for meeting mitigation requirements under this section. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—Prior to the expenditure of any funds for a project pursuant to para-graph (1), the Secretary shall notify the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Appro-priations and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate. ‘‘(k) M
EASURES .—The Secretary shall consult with interested members of the public, the Direc-tor of the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, the Assistant Administrator for Fisheries of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration, States, including State fish and game departments, and interested local governments to identify standard measures under subsection (h)(6)(C) that reflect the best available scientific information for evaluating habitat connectivity.’’. 
SEC. 1163. WETLANDS MITIGATION. 
Section 2036(c) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2317b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) M
ITIGATION BANKS AND IN-LIEUFEEAR-
RANGEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, the Secretary shall issue implementation guidance that pro-vides for the consideration in water resources development feasibility studies of the entire amount of potential in-kind credits available at mitigation banks approved by the Secretary and in-lieu fee programs with an approved service area that includes the location of the projected impacts of the water resources development project. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—All potential mitigation bank and in-lieu fee credits that meet the cri-teria under paragraph (1) shall be considered a reasonable alternative for planning purposes if— ‘‘(A) the applicable mitigation bank— ‘‘(i) has an approved mitigation banking in-strument; and ‘‘(ii) has completed a functional analysis of the potential credits using the approved Corps of Engineers certified habitat assessment model specific to the region; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the use of such banks or in-lieu fee programs provide rea-sonable assurance that the statutory (and regu-latory) mitigation requirements for a water re-sources development project are met, including monitoring or demonstrating mitigation success. ‘‘(3) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this subsection— ‘‘(A) modifies or alters any requirement for a water resources development project to comply with applicable laws or regulations, including section 906 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283); or ‘‘(B) shall be construed as to limit mitigation alternatives or require the use of mitigation banks or in-lieu fee programs.’’. 
SEC. 1164. DEBRIS REMOVAL. 
Section 3 of the Act of March 2, 1945 (59 Stat. 23, chapter 19; 33 U.S.C. 603a), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’; (2) by striking ‘‘accumulated snags and other debris’’ and inserting ‘‘accumulated snags, ob-structions, and other debris located in or adja-cent to a Federal channel’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘or flood control’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, flood control, or recreation’’. SEC. 1165. DISPOSITION STUDIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out a disposi-tion study for a project of the Corps of Engi-neers, including a disposition study under sec-tion 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a) or an assessment under section 6002 of the Water Resources Reform and Develop-ment Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1349), the Secretary shall consider the extent to which the property concerned has economic, cultural, historic, or recreational significance or impacts at the national, State, or local level. (b) C
OMPLETION OF ASSESSMENT AND INVEN-
TORY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall com-plete the assessment and inventory required under section 6002(a) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1349). 
SEC. 1166. TRANSFER OF EXCESS CREDIT. 
Section 1020(a) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2223(a)) is amended— (1) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Subject to subsection (b)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
PPLICATION OF CREDIT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF  
PROJECT .—On request of a non-Federal interest, the credit described in paragraph (1) may be ap-plied prior to completion of a study or project, if the credit amount is verified by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 1167. HURRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RE-DUCTION. 
Section 3(c)(2)(B) of the Act of August 13, 1946 (60 Stat. 1056, chapter 960; 33 U.S.C. 426g(c)(2)(B)), is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1168. FISH HATCHERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may operate a fish hatchery for the purpose of restoring a pop-ulation of fish species located in the region sur-rounding the fish hatchery that is listed as a threatened species or an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or a similar State law. (b) C
OSTS.—A non-Federal entity, another Federal agency, or a group of non-Federal enti-ties or other Federal agencies shall be respon-sible for 100 percent of the additional costs asso-ciated with managing a fish hatchery for the purpose described in subsection (a) that are not authorized as of the date of enactment of this Act for the fish hatchery. 
SEC. 1169. SHORE DAMAGE PREVENTION OR MITI-GATION. 
Section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968 (33 U.S.C. 426i) is amended— (1) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘measures’’ and all that follows through ‘‘project’’ and in-serting ‘‘measures, including a study, shall be cost-shared in the same proportion as the cost- sharing provisions applicable to construction of the project’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR FEASIBILITY STUD-
IES.—Beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection, in any case in which the Secretary implements a project under this section, the Sec-retary shall reimburse or credit the non-Federal interest for any amounts contributed for the study evaluating the damage in excess of the non-Federal share of the costs, as determined under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 1170. ENHANCING LAKE RECREATION OP-PORTUNITIES. 
Section 3134 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1142) is amended by striking subsection (e). SEC. 1171. CREDIT IN LIEU OF REIMBURSEMENT. 
Section 1022 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2225) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘that has been constructed by a non-Federal interest under section 211 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) before the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘for which a written agreement with the Corps of Engineers for construction was finalized on or before December 31, 2014, under section 211 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) (as it existed before the re-peal made by section 1014(c)(3))’’; and (2) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘share of the cost of the non-Federal interest of carrying out other flood damage reduction projects or stud-ies’’ and inserting ‘‘non-Federal share of the cost of carrying out other water resources devel-opment projects or studies of the non-Federal interest’’. 
SEC. 1172. EASEMENTS FOR ELECTRIC, TELE-PHONE, OR BROADBAND SERVICE FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF WATER RESOURCES DEVEL-
OPMENT PROJECT .—In this section, the term ‘‘water resources development project’’ means a project under the administrative jurisdiction of the Corps of Engineers that is subject to part 327 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). (b) N
OCONSIDERATION FOR EASEMENTS .—The Secretary may not collect consideration for an easement across water resources development project land for the electric, telephone, or broadband service facilities of nonprofit organi-zations eligible for financing under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.). (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Nothing in this section affects the authority of the Sec-retary under section 2695 of title 10, United States Code, or under section 9701 of title 31, United State Code, to collect funds to cover rea-sonable administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1173. STUDY ON PERFORMANCE OF INNOVA-TIVE MATERIALS. 
(a) I NNOVATIVE MATERIAL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘innovative material’’, with re-spect to a water resources development project, includes high performance concrete formula-tions, geosynthetic materials, advanced alloys and metals, reinforced polymer composites, in-cluding any coatings or other corrosion preven-tion methods used in conjunction with such ma-terials, and any other material, as determined by the Secretary. (b) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall offer to enter into a contract with the Transportation Research Board of the National Academy of Sciences— (A) to develop a proposal to study the use and performance of innovative materials in water re-sources development projects carried out by the Corps of Engineers; and (B) after the opportunity for public comment provided in accordance with subsection (c), to carry out the study proposed under subpara-graph (A). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The study under paragraph (1) shall identify— (A) the conditions that result in degradation of water resources infrastructure; (B) the capabilities of innovative materials in reducing degradation; (C) any statutory, fiscal, regulatory, or other barriers to the expanded successful use of inno-vative materials; (D) recommendations on including perform-ance-based requirements for the incorporation of innovative materials into the Unified Facilities Guide Specifications; (E) recommendations on how greater use of innovative materials could increase performance of an asset of the Corps of Engineers in relation to extended service life; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7425 December 8, 2016 
(F) additional ways in which greater use of innovative materials could empower the Corps of Engineers to accomplish the goals of the Stra-tegic Plan for Civil Works of the Corps of Engi-neers; and (G) recommendations on any further research needed to improve the capabilities of innovative materials in achieving extended service life and reduced maintenance costs in water resources development infrastructure. (c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—After developing the study proposal under subsection (b)(1)(A) and before carrying out the study under subsection (b)(1)(B), the Secretary shall provide an oppor-tunity for public comment on the study pro-posal. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary, at a min-imum, shall consult with relevant experts on en-gineering, environmental, and industry consid-erations. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the results of the study under sub-section (b)(1). 
SEC. 1174. CONVERSION OF SURPLUS WATER AGREEMENTS. 
For the purposes of section 6 of the Act of De-cember 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 890, chapter 665; 33 U.S.C. 708), in any case in which a water sup-ply agreement with a duration of 30 years or longer was predicated on water that was sur-plus to a purpose and provided for the complete payment of the actual investment costs of stor-age to be used, and that purpose is no longer authorized as of the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall provide to the non- Federal entity an opportunity to convert the agreement to a permanent storage agreement in accordance with section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), with the same pay-ment terms incorporated in the agreement. 
SEC. 1175. PROJECTS FUNDED BY THE INLAND WATERWAYS TRUST FUND. 
Beginning on June 10, 2014, and ending on the date of the completion of the project for naviga-tion, Lower Ohio River, Locks and Dams 52 and 53, Illinois and Kentucky, authorized by section 3(a)(6) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1988 (102 Stat. 4013), section 1001(b)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(2)) shall not apply to any project authorized to receive funding from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund established by section 9506(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
SEC. 1176. REHABILITATION ASSISTANCE. 
Section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 650, chapter 377; 33 U.S.C. 701n), is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) N
ONSTRUCTURAL ALTERNATIVES DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘non-structural alternatives’ includes efforts to re-store or protect natural resources, including streams, rivers, floodplains, wetlands, or coasts, if those efforts will reduce flood risk.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NCREASED LEVEL OF PROTECTION .—In conducting repair or restoration work under subsection (a), at the request of the non-Federal sponsor, the Chief of Engineers may increase the level of protection above the level to which the system was designed, or, if the repair or res-toration includes repair or restoration of a pumping station, increase the capacity of a pump, if— ‘‘(1) the Chief of Engineers determines the im-provements are in the public interest, including consideration of whether— ‘‘(A) the authority under this section has been used more than once at the same location; ‘‘(B) there is an opportunity to decrease sig-nificantly the risk of loss of life and property damage; or ‘‘(C) there is an opportunity to decrease total life cycle rehabilitation costs for the project; and ‘‘(2) the non-Federal sponsor agrees to pay the difference between the cost of repair or res-toration to the original design level or original capacity and the cost of achieving the higher level of protection or capacity sought by the non-Federal sponsor. ‘‘(e) NOTICE .—The Secretary shall notify and consult with the non-Federal sponsor regarding the opportunity to request implementation of nonstructural alternatives to the repair or res-toration of a flood control work under sub-section (a).’’. 
SEC. 1177. REHABILITATION OF CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS CONSTRUCTED DAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary determines that the project is feasible, the Secretary may carry out a project for the rehabilitation of a dam described in subsection (b). (b) E
LIGIBLE DAMS.—A dam eligible for assist-ance under this section is a dam— (1) that has been constructed, in whole or in part, by the Corps of Engineers for flood control purposes; (2) for which construction was completed be-fore 1940; (3) that is classified as ‘‘high hazard poten-tial’’ by the State dam safety agency of the State in which the dam is located; and (4) that is operated by a non-Federal entity. (c) C
OST SHARING .—Non-Federal interests shall provide 35 percent of the cost of construc-tion of any project carried out under this sec-tion, including provision of all land, easements, rights-of-way, and necessary relocations. (d) A
GREEMENTS .—Construction of a project under this section shall be initiated only after a non-Federal interest has entered into a binding agreement with the Secretary— (1) to pay the non-Federal share of the costs of construction under subsection (c); and (2) to pay 100 percent of any operation, main-tenance, and replacement and rehabilitation costs with respect to the project in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary. (e) C
OSTLIMITATION .—The Secretary shall not expend more than $10,000,000 for a project at any single dam under this section. (f) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SEC. 1178. COLUMBIA RIVER. 
(a) E COSYSTEM RESTORATION .—Section 536(g) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2662; 128 Stat. 1314) is amended by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$75,000,000’’. (b) W
ATERCRAFT INSPECTION STATIONS .—Sec- tion 104 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (33 U.S.C. 610) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary may establish, operate, and maintain new or existing watercraft inspection stations to protect the Columbia River Basin to be located in the States of Idaho, Montana, Or-egon, and Washington at locations, as deter-mined by the Secretary in consultation with such States, with the highest likelihood of pre-venting the spread of aquatic invasive species at reservoirs operated and maintained by the Sec-retary. The Secretary shall also assist the States referred to in this paragraph with rapid re-sponse to any aquatic invasive species, includ-ing quagga or zebra mussel, infestation.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(A) by inserting ‘‘Gov-ernors of the’’ before ‘‘States’’; and (2) in subsection (e) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) assist States in early detection of aquatic invasive species, including quagga and zebra mussels; and’’. (c) T
RIBAL ASSISTANCE .— (1) A
SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the request of the Sec-retary of the Interior, the Secretary may provide assistance on land transferred by the Depart-ment of the Army to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to title IV of Public Law 100–581 (102 Stat. 2944; 110 Stat. 766; 110 Stat. 3762; 114 Stat. 2679; 118 Stat. 544) to Indian tribes dis-placed as a result of the construction of the Bonneville Dam, Oregon. (B) CLARIFICATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to provide the assistance described in subpara-graph (A) based on information known or stud-ies undertaken by the Secretary prior to the date of enactment of this subsection. (ii) A
DDITIONAL STUDIES .—To the extent that the Secretary determines necessary, the Sec-retary is authorized to undertake additional studies to further examine any impacts to In-dian tribes identified in subparagraph (A) be-yond any information or studies identified under clause (i), except that the Secretary is au-thorized to provide the assistance described in subparagraph (A) based solely on information known or studies undertaken by the Secretary prior to the date of enactment of this subsection. (2) S
TUDY OF IMPACTS OF JOHN DAY DAM , OR-
EGON .—The Secretary shall— (A) conduct a study to determine the number of Indian tribes displaced by the construction of the John Day Dam, Oregon; and (B) recommend to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a plan to pro-vide assistance to Indian tribes displaced as a result of the construction of the John Day Dam, Oregon. 
SEC. 1179. MISSOURI RIVER. 
(a) R ESERVOIR SEDIMENT MANAGEMENT .— (1) D
EFINITION OF SEDIMENT MANAGEMENT  
PLAN.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘sediment management plan’’ means a plan for preventing sediment from reducing water storage capacity at a reservoir and increasing water storage ca-pacity through sediment removal at a reservoir. (2) U
PPER MISSOURI RIVER BASIN PILOT PRO -
GRAM .—The Secretary shall carry out a pilot program for the development and implementa-tion of sediment management plans for res-ervoirs owned and operated by the Secretary in the Upper Missouri River Basin, on request by project beneficiaries. (3) P
LAN ELEMENTS .—A sediment management plan under paragraph (2) shall— (A) provide opportunities for project bene-ficiaries and other stakeholders to participate in sediment management decisions; (B) evaluate the volume of sediment in a res-ervoir and impacts on storage capacity; (C) identify preliminary sediment management options, including sediment dikes and dredging; (D) identify constraints; (E) assess technical feasibility, economic jus-tification, and environmental impacts; (F) identify beneficial uses for sediment; and (G) to the maximum extent practicable, use, develop, and demonstrate innovative, cost-sav-ing technologies, including structural and non-structural technologies and designs, to manage sediment. (4) C
OST SHARE .—The beneficiaries requesting a sediment management plan shall share in the cost of development and implementation of the plan and such cost shall be allocated among the beneficiaries in accordance with the benefits to be received. (5) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept funds from non-Federal interests and other Federal agencies to develop and implement a sediment management plan under this sub-section. (6) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall use the knowledge gained through the development and implementation of sediment management plans under paragraph (2) to develop guidance for sediment management at other reservoirs. (7) P
ARTNERSHIP WITH SECRETARY OF THE IN -
TERIOR .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7426 December 8, 2016 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program established under this subsection in partnership with the Secretary of the Interior, and the program may apply to res-ervoirs managed or owned by the Bureau of Reclamation on execution of a memorandum of agreement between the Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Interior establishing the framework for a partnership and the terms and conditions for sharing expertise and resources. (B) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Secretary that has primary jurisdiction over a reservoir shall take the lead in developing and implementing a sedi-ment management plan for that reservoir. (8) O
THER AUTHORITIES NOT AFFECTED .—Noth- ing in this subsection affects sediment manage-ment or the share of costs paid by Federal and non-Federal interests relating to sediment man-agement under any other provision of law (in-cluding regulations). (b) S
NOWPACK AND DROUGHT MONITORING .— Section 4003(a) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 121; 128 Stat. 1310) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Corps of Engineers shall be the lead agency for carrying out and coordinating the activities described in para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 1180. CHESAPEAKE BAY OYSTER RESTORA-TION. 
Section 704(b)(1) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2263(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$60,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1181. SALTON SEA, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3032 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1113) is amended— (1) in the section heading by inserting ‘‘
PRO-
GRAM ’’ after ‘‘ RESTORATION ’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘P
ILOT PROJECTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively; (ii) by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall carry out a program to implement projects to re-store the Salton Sea in accordance with this sec-tion.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (B) (as redesignated by clause (i)) by striking ‘‘the pilot’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C)(i) (as redesignated by clause (i))— (I) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘the pilot projects referred to in sub-paragraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘the projects re-ferred to in subparagraph (B)’’; (II) in subclause (I) by inserting ‘‘, Salton Sea Authority, or other non-Federal interest’’ before the semicolon; and (III) in subclause (II) by striking ‘‘pilot’’; (C) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pilot’’; and (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘pilot’’ each place it appears; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, Salton Sea Authority, or other non-Federal interest’’ after ‘‘State’’; and (3) in subsection (c) by striking ‘‘pilot’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1041) is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 3032 and inserting the following: ‘‘3032. Salton Sea restoration program, Cali-fornia.’’. 
SEC. 1182. ADJUSTMENT. 
Section 219(f) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (25) (113 Stat. 336)— (A) by inserting ‘‘Berkeley,’’ before ‘‘Cal-houn,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Orangeberg, and Sumter’’ and inserting ‘‘and Orangeberg’’; and (2) in paragraph (78) (121 Stat. 1258)— (A) in the paragraph heading by striking ‘‘ST. 
CLAIR COUNTY ,’’ and inserting ‘‘S T. CLAIR COUN -
TY, BLOUNT COUNTY , AND CULLMAN COUNTY ,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘St. Clair County,’’ and in-serting ‘‘St. Clair County, Blount County, and Cullman County,’’. 
SEC. 1183. COASTAL ENGINEERING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4014(b) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2803a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘Indian tribes,’’ after ‘‘nonprofit organizations,’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) give priority to projects in communities the existence of which is threatened by rising sea level, including projects relating to shoreline restoration, tidal marsh restoration, dunal habi-tats to protect coastal infrastructure, reduction of future and existing emergency repair costs, and the beneficial reuse of dredged materials;’’. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION ON COASTAL  R
ESILIENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall convene an interagency working group on resilience to extreme weather, which will coordinate re-search, data, and Federal investments related to sea level rise, resiliency, and vulnerability to ex-treme weather, including coastal resilience. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The interagency working group convened under paragraph (1) shall par-ticipate in any activity carried out by an orga-nization authorized by a State to study and issue recommendations on how to address the impacts on Federal assets of recurrent flooding and sea level rise, including providing consulta-tion regarding policies, programs, studies, plans, and best practices relating to recurrent flooding and sea level rise in areas with significant Fed-eral assets. (c) R
EGIONAL ASSESSMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may conduct regional assessments of coastal and back bay protection and of Federal and State policies and programs related to coastal water resources, in-cluding— (A) an assessment of the probability and the extent of coastal flooding and erosion, including back bay and estuarine flooding; (B) recommendations for policies and other measures related to regional Federal, State, local, and private participation in shoreline and back bay protection projects; (C) an evaluation of the performance of exist-ing Federal coastal storm damage reduction, ecosystem restoration, and navigation projects, including recommendations for the improvement of those projects; and (D) recommendations for the demonstration of methodologies for resilience through the use of natural and nature-based infrastructure ap-proaches, as appropriate. (2) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary shall cooperate with— (A) heads of appropriate Federal agencies; (B) States that have approved coastal man-agement programs and appropriate agencies of those States; (C) local governments; and (D) the private sector. (d) S
TREAMLINING .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary shall— (1) to the maximum extent practicable, use ex-isting research done by Federal, State, regional, local, and private entities to eliminate redundancies and related costs; (2) receive from any of the entities described in subsection (c)(2)— (A) contributed funds; or (B) research that may be eligible for credit as work-in-kind under applicable Federal law; and (3) enable each District or combination of Dis-tricts of the Corps of Engineers that jointly par-ticipate in carrying out an assessment under this section to consider regionally appropriate engineering, biological, ecological, social, eco-nomic, and other factors in carrying out the as-sessment. (e) REPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit in the 2019 annual report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 8 of the Act of August 11, 1888 (25 Stat. 424, chapter 860; 33 U.S.C. 556), and section 925(b) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2295(b)) all reports and recommendations prepared under this sec-tion, together with any necessary supporting documentation. 
SEC. 1184. CONSIDERATION OF MEASURES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) N
ATURAL FEATURE .—The term ‘‘natural feature’’ means a feature that is created through the action of physical, geological, bio-logical, and chemical processes over time. (2) N
ATURE -BASED FEATURE .—The term ‘‘na-ture-based feature’’ means a feature that is cre-ated by human design, engineering, and con-struction to provide risk reduction in coastal areas by acting in concert with natural proc-esses. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In studying the feasibility of projects for flood risk management, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and ecosystem res-toration the Secretary shall, with the consent of the non-Federal sponsor of the feasibility study, consider, as appropriate— (1) natural features; (2) nature-based features; (3) nonstructural measures; and (4) structural measures. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2020, and 5 and 10 years thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on the implementation of subsection (b). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) A description of guidance or instructions issued, and other measures taken, by the Sec-retary and the Chief of Engineers to implement subsection (b). (B) An assessment of the costs, benefits, im-pacts, and trade-offs associated with measures recommended by the Secretary for coastal risk reduction and the effectiveness of those meas-ures. (C) A description of any statutory, fiscal, or regulatory barriers to the appropriate consider-ation and use of a full array of measures for coastal risk reduction. 
SEC. 1185. TABLE ROCK LAKE, ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary— (1) shall include a 60-day public comment pe-riod for the Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan revision; and (2) shall finalize the revision for the Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan during the 2-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) S
HORELINE USEPERMITS .—During the pe-riod described in subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall lift or suspend the moratorium on the issuance of new, and modifications to existing, shoreline use permits based on the existing Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan. (c) O
VERSIGHT COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish an oversight committee (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Committee’’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7427 December 8, 2016 
(2) P URPOSES .—The purposes of the Committee shall be— (A) to review any permit to be issued under the existing Table Rock Lake Master Plan at the recommendation of the District Engineer; and (B) to advise the District Engineer on revi-sions to the new Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the Committee shall not exceed 6 members and shall include— (A) not more than 1 representative each from the State of Missouri and the State of Arkansas; (B) not more than 1 representative each from local economic development organizations with jurisdiction over Table Rock Lake; and (C) not more than 1 representative each rep-resenting the boating and conservation interests of Table Rock Lake. (4) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall— (A) carry out a study on the need to revise permit fees relating to Table Rock Lake to better reflect the cost of issuing those permits and achieve cost savings; (B) submit to Congress a report on the results of the study described in subparagraph (A); and (C) begin implementation of a new permit fee structure based on the findings of the study de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 1186. RURAL WESTERN WATER. 
Section 595 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 383; 128 Stat. 1316) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) E
LIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Assistance under this sec-tion shall be made available to all eligible States and locales described in subsection (b) con-sistent with program priorities determined by the Secretary in accordance with criteria devel-oped by the Secretary to establish the program priorities. ‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF PROJECTS .—In selecting projects for assistance under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to a project located in an eligible State or local entity for which the project sponsor is prepared to— ‘‘(A) execute a new or amended project co-operation agreement; and ‘‘(B) commence promptly after the date of en-actment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. ‘‘(3) R
URAL PROJECTS .—The Secretary shall consider a project authorized under this section and an environmental infrastructure project au-thorized under section 219 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835) for new starts on the same basis as any other similarly funded project.’’; and (3) in subsection (i) (as redesignated by para-graph (1)) by striking ‘‘which shall—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘remain’’ and inserting ‘‘to remain’’. 
SEC. 1187. INTERSTATE COMPACTS. 
Section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b) is amended by striking sub-section (f). 
SEC. 1188. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) State water quality standards that impact the disposal of dredged material should be devel-oped collaboratively, with input from all rel-evant stakeholders; (2) open-water disposal of dredged material should be reduced to the maximum extent prac-ticable; and (3) where practicable, the preference is for dis-putes between States related to the disposal of dredged material and the protection of water quality to be resolved between the States in ac-cordance with regional plans and with the in-volvement of regional bodies. SEC. 1189. DREDGED MATERIAL DISPOSAL. 
Disposal of dredged material shall not be con-sidered environmentally acceptable for the pur-poses of identifying the Federal standard (as de-fined in section 335.7 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)) if the disposal violates applicable State water quality standards approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). Subtitle B—Studies 
SEC. 1201. AUTHORIZATION OF PROPOSED FEASI-BILITY STUDIES. 
The Secretary is authorized to conduct a fea-sibility study for the following projects for water resources development and conservation and other purposes, as identified in the reports titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development’’ submitted to Congress on Janu-ary 29, 2015, and January 29, 2016, respectively, pursuant to section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d) or otherwise reviewed by Congress: (1) O
UACHITA -BLACK RIVERS , ARKANSAS AND  
LOUISIANA .—Project for navigation, Ouachita- Black Rivers, Arkansas and Louisiana. (2) C
ACHE CREEK SETTLING BASIN , CALI-
FORNIA .—Project for flood damage reduction and ecosystem restoration, Cache Creek Settling Basin, California. (3) C
OYOTE VALLEY DAM , CALIFORNIA .—Project for flood control, water conservation, and re-lated purposes, Russian River Basin, California, authorized by the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 177), to modify the Coyote Valley Dam to add environmental restoration as a project purpose and to increase water supply and im-prove reservoir operations. (4) D
EL ROSA CHANNEL , CITY OF SAN  
BERNARDINO , CALIFORNIA .—Project for flood damage reduction and ecosystem restoration, Del Rosa Channel, city of San Bernardino, Cali-fornia. (5) M
ERCED COUNTY STREAMS , CALIFORNIA .— Project for flood damage reduction, Merced County Streams, California. (6) M
ISSION -ZANJA CHANNEL , CITIES OF SAN  
BERNARDINO AND REDLANDS , CALIFORNIA .— Project for flood damage reduction and eco-system restoration, Mission-Zanja Channel, cit-ies of San Bernardino and Redlands, California. (7) S
OBOBA INDIAN RESERVATION , CALI-
FORNIA .—Project for flood damage reduction, Soboba Indian Reservation, California. (8) I
NDIAN RIVER INLET , DELAWARE .—Project for hurricane and storm damage reduction, In-dian River Inlet, Delaware. (9) L
EWES BEACH , DELAWARE .—Project for hurricane and storm damage reduction, Lewes Beach, Delaware. (10) M
ISPILLION COMPLEX , KENT AND SUSSEX  
COUNTIES , DELAWARE .—Project for hurricane and storm damage reduction, Mispillion Com-plex, Kent and Sussex Counties, Delaware. (11) D
AYTONA BEACH , FLORIDA .—Project for flood damage reduction, Daytona Beach, Flor-ida. (12) B
RUNSWICK HARBOR , GEORGIA .—Project for navigation, Brunswick Harbor, Georgia. (13) D
UBUQUE , IOWA.—Project for flood dam-age reduction, Dubuque, Iowa. (14) S
T. TAMMANY PARISH , LOUISIANA .—Project for flood damage reduction and ecosystem res-toration, St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana. (15) C
ATTARAUGUS CREEK , NEW YORK .—Project for flood damage reduction, Cattaraugus Creek, New York. (16) C
AYUGA INLET , ITHACA , NEW YORK .— Project for navigation and flood damage reduc-tion, Cayuga Inlet, Ithaca, New York. (17) D
ELAWARE RIVER BASIN , NEW YORK , NEW 
JERSEY , PENNSYLVANIA , AND DELAWARE .— Projects for flood control, Delaware River Basin, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware, authorized by section 408 of the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 644, chapter 596), and section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (76 Stat. 1182), to review operations of the projects to enhance opportunities for ecosystem restoration and water supply. (18) SILVER CREEK , HANOVER , NEW YORK .— Project for flood damage reduction and eco-system restoration, Silver Creek, Hanover, New York. (19) S
TONYCREEK AND LITTLE CONEMAUGH RIV -
ERS, PENNSYLVANIA .—Project for flood damage reduction and recreation, Stonycreek and Little Conemaugh Rivers, Pennsylvania. (20) T
IOGA-HAMMOND LAKE , PENNSYLVANIA .— Project for ecosystem restoration, Tioga-Ham-mond Lake, Pennsylvania. (21) B
RAZOS RIVER , FORT BEND COUNTY , 
TEXAS .—Project for flood damage reduction in the vicinity of the Brazos River, Fort Bend County, Texas. (22) C
HACON CREEK , CITY OF LAREDO , TEXAS .— Project for flood damage reduction, ecosystem restoration, and recreation, Chacon Creek, city of Laredo, Texas. (23) C
ORPUS CHRISTI SHIP CHANNEL , TEXAS .— Project for navigation, Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Texas. (24) C
ITY OF EL PASO , TEXAS .—Project for flood damage reduction, city of El Paso, Texas. (25) G
ULF INTRACOASTAL WATERWAY , 
BRAZORIA AND MATAGORDA COUNTIES , TEXAS .— Project for navigation and hurricane and storm damage reduction, Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, Brazoria and Matagorda Counties, Texas. (26) P
ORT OF BAY CITY , TEXAS .—Project for navigation, Port of Bay City, Texas. (27) C
HINCOTEAGUE ISLAND , VIRGINIA .—Project for hurricane and storm damage reduction, navigation, and ecosystem restoration, Chin-coteague Island, Virginia. (28) B
URLEY CREEK WATERSHED , KITSAP COUN -
TY, WASHINGTON .—Project for flood damage re-duction and ecosystem restoration, Burley Creek Watershed, Kitsap County, Washington. (29) S
AVANNAH RIVER BELOW AUGUSTA , GEOR -
GIA.—Project for ecosystem restoration, water supply, recreation, and flood control, Savannah River below Augusta, Georgia. (30) J
OHNSTOWN , PENNSYLVANIA .—Project for flood damage reduction, Johnstown, Pennsyl-vania. 
SEC. 1202. ADDITIONAL STUDIES. 
(a) T ULSA AND WESTTULSA, ARKANSAS RIVER, O
KLAHOMA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the projects for flood risk management, Tulsa and West Tulsa, Oklahoma, authorized by sec-tion 3 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 645, chapter 377). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall address project deficiencies, uncertainties, and signifi-cant data gaps, including material, construc-tion, and subsurface, which render the project at risk of overtopping, breaching, or system fail-ure. (3) P
RIORITIZATION TO ADDRESS SIGNIFICANT  
RISKS .—In any case in which a levee or levee system (as defined in section 9002 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3301)) is classified as Class I or II under the levee safety action classification tool developed by the Corps of Engineers, the Secretary shall expedite the project for budget consideration. (b) C
INCINNATI , OHIO.— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall review the Central Riverfront Park Master Plan, dated De-cember 1999, and the Ohio Riverfront Study, Cincinnati, Ohio, dated August 2002, to deter-mine the feasibility of carrying out flood risk re-duction, ecosystem restoration, and recreation components beyond the ecosystem restoration and recreation components that were under-taken pursuant to section 5116 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1238) as a second phase of that project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7428 December 8, 2016 
(2) A UTHORIZATION .—The project authorized under section 5116 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1238) is modified to authorize the Secretary to undertake the additional flood risk reduction and ecosystem restoration components described in paragraph (1), at a total cost of $30,000,000, if the Secretary determines that the additional flood risk reduction, ecosystem restoration, and recreation components, considered together, are feasible. (c) A
RCTIC DEEPDRAFT PORTDEVELOPMENT  P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Section 2105 of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2243) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 450b))’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 5304)) and a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Vil-lage Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)’’; (2) in subsection (d) by striking ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security’’ and inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ONSIDERATION OF NATIONAL SECURITY  I
NTERESTS .—In carrying out a study of the fea-sibility of an Arctic deep draft port, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(1) shall consult with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating to identify benefits in carrying out the missions specified in section 888 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468) associated with an Arctic deep draft port; ‘‘(2) shall consult with the Secretary of De-fense to identify national security benefits asso-ciated with an Arctic deep draft port; and ‘‘(3) may consider such benefits in determining whether an Arctic deep draft port is feasible.’’. (d) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER SHIPCHANNEL , GULF TO  B
ATON ROUGE , LOUISIANA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for navigation, Mississippi River Ship Channel, Gulf to Baton Rouge, Lou-isiana, authorized by section 201(a) of the Har-bor Development and Navigation Improvement Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–662; 100 Stat. 4090), to deepen the channel approaches and the asso-ciated area on the left descending bank of the Mississippi River between mile 98.3 and mile 100.6 Above Head of Passes (AHP) to a depth equal to the Channel. 
SEC. 1203. NORTH ATLANTIC COASTAL REGION. 
Section 4009 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 121; 128 Stat. 1316) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects’’ and inserting ‘‘carry out a comprehen-sive assessment and management plan’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘S
TUDY ’’ and inserting ‘‘A SSESSMENT AND  P
LAN’’; and (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘study’’ and inserting ‘‘assessment and plan’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(1) by striking ‘‘study’’ and inserting ‘‘assessment and plan’’. 
SEC. 1204. SOUTH ATLANTIC COASTAL STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a study of the coastal areas located within the geographical boundaries of the South Atlantic Division of the Corps of Engineers to identify the risks and vulnerabilities of those areas to in-creased hurricane and storm damage as a result of sea level rise. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive analysis of cur-rent hurricane and storm damage reduction measures with an emphasis on regional sediment management practices to sustainably maintain or enhance current levels of storm protection; (2) identify risks and coastal vulnerabilities in the areas affected by sea level rise; (3) recommend measures to address the vulnerabilities described in paragraph (2); and (4) develop a long-term strategy for— (A) addressing increased hurricane and storm damages that result from rising sea levels; and (B) identifying opportunities to enhance resil-iency, increase sustainability, and lower risks in— (i) populated areas; (ii) areas of concentrated economic develop-ment; and (iii) areas with vulnerable environmental re-sources. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report recom-mending specific and detailed actions to address the risks and vulnerabilities of the areas de-scribed in subsection (a) due to increased hurri-cane and storm damage as a result of sea level rise. 
SEC. 1205. TEXAS COASTAL AREA. 
In carrying out the comprehensive plan au-thorized by section 4091 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1187), the Secretary shall consider studies, data, and information developed by the Gulf Coast Community Protection and Recovery District to expedite completion of the plan. 
SEC. 1206. UPPER MISSISSIPPI AND ILLINOIS RIV-ERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a study of the riverine areas located within the Upper Mississippi River and Illinois River ba-sins to identify the risks and vulnerabilities of those areas to increased flood damages. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive analysis of flood risk management measures to maintain or en-hance current levels of protection; (2) identify risks and vulnerabilities in the areas affected by flooding; (3) recommend specific measures and actions to address the risks and vulnerabilities described in paragraph (2); (4) coordinate with the heads of other appro-priate Federal agencies, the Governors of the States within the Upper Mississippi and Illinois River basins, the appropriate levee and drainage districts, nonprofit organizations, and other in-terested parties; (5) develop basinwide hydrologic models for the Upper Mississippi River System and improve analytical methods needed to produce scientif-ically based recommendations for improvements to flood risk management; and (6) develop a long-term strategy for— (A) addressing increased flood damages; and (B) identifying opportunities to enhance resil-iency, increase sustainability, and lower risks in— (i) populated areas; (ii) areas of concentrated economic develop-ment; and (iii) areas with vulnerable environmental re-sources. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and make publicly available a report describing the results of the study conducted under subsection (b). 
SEC. 1207. KANAWHA RIVER BASIN. 
The Secretary shall conduct studies to deter-mine the feasibility of implementing projects for flood risk management, ecosystem restoration, navigation, water supply, recreation, and other water resource related purposes within the Kanawha River Basin, West Virginia, Virginia, and North Carolina. Subtitle C—Deauthorizations, Modifications, and Related Provisions SEC. 1301. DEAUTHORIZATION OF INACTIVE PROJECTS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to identify $10,000,000,000 in water re-sources development projects authorized by Con-gress that are no longer viable for construction due to— (A) a lack of local support; (B) a lack of available Federal or non-Federal resources; or (C) an authorizing purpose that is no longer relevant or feasible; (2) to create an expedited and definitive proc-ess for Congress to deauthorize water resources development projects that are no longer viable for construction; and (3) to allow the continued authorization of water resources development projects that are viable for construction. (b) I
NTERIM DEAUTHORIZATION LIST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop an interim deauthorization list that identifies— (A) each water resources development project, or separable element of a project, authorized for construction before November 8, 2007, for which— (i) planning, design, or construction was not initiated before the date of enactment of this Act; or (ii) planning, design, or construction was ini-tiated before the date of enactment of this Act, but for which no funds, Federal or non-Federal, were obligated for planning, design, or construc-tion of the project or separable element of the project during the current fiscal year or any of the 6 preceding fiscal years; and (B) each project or separable element identi-fied and included on a list to Congress for de-authorization pursuant to section 1001(b)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(2)). (2) P
UBLIC COMMENT AND CONSULTATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall solicit comments from the public and the Governors of each applicable State on the interim deauthor-ization list developed under paragraph (1). (B) C
OMMENT PERIOD .—The public comment period shall be 90 days. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS ; PUBLICATION .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the close of the comment period under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— (A) submit a revised interim deauthorization list to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and (B) publish the revised interim deauthoriza-tion list in the Federal Register. (c) F
INAL DEAUTHORIZATION LIST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop a final deauthorization list of water resources development projects, or separable elements of projects, from the revised interim deauthoriza-tion list described in subsection (b)(3). (2) D
EAUTHORIZATION AMOUNT .— (A) P
ROPOSED FINAL LIST .—The Secretary shall prepare a proposed final deauthorization list of projects and separable elements of projects that have, in the aggregate, an esti-mated Federal cost to complete that is at least $10,000,000,000. (B) D
ETERMINATION OF FEDERAL COST TO COM -
PLETE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the Federal cost to complete shall take into account any allowances authorized by section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2280), as applied to the most recent project schedule and cost estimate. (3) I
DENTIFICATION OF PROJECTS .— (A) S
EQUENCING OF PROJECTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall identify projects and separable elements of projects for inclusion on the proposed final deauthorization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7429 December 8, 2016 
list according to the order in which the projects and separable elements of the projects were au-thorized, beginning with the earliest authorized projects and separable elements of projects and ending with the latest project or separable ele-ment of a project necessary to meet the aggre-gate amount under paragraph (2)(A). (ii) F
ACTORS TO CONSIDER .—The Secretary may identify projects and separable elements of projects in an order other than that established by clause (i) if the Secretary determines, on a case-by-case basis, that a project or separable element of a project is critical for interests of the United States, based on the possible impact of the project or separable element of the project on public health and safety, the national econ-omy, or the environment. (iii) C
ONSIDERATION OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—In making determinations under clause (ii), the Secretary shall consider any comments received under subsection (b)(2). (B) A
PPENDIX .—The Secretary shall include as part of the proposed final deauthorization list an appendix that— (i) identifies each project or separable element of a project on the interim deauthorization list developed under subsection (b) that is not in-cluded on the proposed final deauthorization list; and (ii) describes the reasons why the project or separable element is not included on the pro-posed final list. (4) P
UBLIC COMMENT AND CONSULTATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall solicit comments from the public and the Governor of each applicable State on the proposed final de-authorization list and appendix developed under paragraphs (2) and (3). (B) C
OMMENT PERIOD .—The public comment period shall be 90 days. (5) S
UBMISSION OF FINAL LIST TO CONGRESS ; 
PUBLICATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the close of the comment period under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall— (A) submit a final deauthorization list and an appendix to the final deauthorization list in a report to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and (B) publish the final deauthorization list and the appendix to the final deauthorization list in the Federal Register. (d) D
EAUTHORIZATION ; CONGRESSIONAL RE-
VIEW.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of submis-sion of the final deauthorization list and appen-dix under subsection (c), a project or separable element of a project identified in the final de-authorization list is hereby deauthorized, unless Congress passes a joint resolution disapproving the final deauthorization list prior to the end of such period. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A project or separable ele-ment of a project identified in the final de-authorization list under subsection (c) shall not be deauthorized under this subsection if, before the expiration of the 180-day period referred to in paragraph (1), the non-Federal interest for the project or separable element of the project provides sufficient funds to complete the project or separable element of the project. (B) T
REATMENT OF PROJECTS .—Notwith- standing subparagraph (A), each project and separable element of a project identified in the final deauthorization list shall be treated as de-authorized for purposes of the aggregate de-authorization amount specified in subsection (c)(2)(A). (3) P
ROJECTS IDENTIFIED IN APPENDIX .—A project or separable element of a project identi-fied in the appendix to the final deauthorization list shall remain subject to future deauthoriza-tion by Congress. (e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROJECTS RECEIVING  F
UNDS FOR POST-AUTHORIZATION STUDY .—A project or separable element of a project may not be identified on the interim deauthorization list developed under subsection (b), or the final de-authorization list developed under subsection (c), if the project or separable element received funding for a post-authorization study during the current fiscal year or any of the 6 preceding fiscal years. (f) GENERAL PROVISIONS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (A) P
OST-AUTHORIZATION STUDY .—The term ‘‘post-authorization study’’ means— (i) a feasibility report developed under section 905 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2282); (ii) a feasibility study, as defined in section 105(d) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2215(d)); or (iii) a review conducted under section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a), including an initial appraisal that— (I) demonstrates a Federal interest; and (II) requires additional analysis for the project or separable element. (B) W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘water resources develop-ment project’’ includes an environmental infra-structure assistance project or program of the Corps of Engineers. (2) T
REATMENT OF PROJECT MODIFICATIONS .— For purposes of this section, if an authorized water resources development project or sepa-rable element of the project has been modified by an Act of Congress, the date of the author-ization of the project or separable element shall be deemed to be the date of the most recent modification. (g) R
EPEAL .—Subsection (a) and subsections (c) through (f) of section 6001 of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 579b) are repealed. 
SEC. 1302. BACKLOG PREVENTION. 
(a) P ROJECT DEAUTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A water resources develop-ment project, or separable element of such a project, authorized for construction by this Act shall not be authorized after the last day of the 10-year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act unless— (A) funds have been obligated for construction of, or a post-authorization study for, such project or separable element during that period; or (B) the authorization contained in this Act has been modified by a subsequent Act of Con-gress. (2) I
DENTIFICATION OF PROJECTS .—Not later than 60 days after the expiration of the 10-year period referred to in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port that identifies the projects deauthorized under paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the expiration of the 12-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives, and make available to the public, a report that contains— (1) a list of any water resources development projects authorized by this Act for which con-struction has not been completed during that period; (2) a description of the reasons the projects were not completed; (3) a schedule for the completion of the projects based on expected levels of appropria-tions; and (4) a 5-year and 10-year projection of con-struction backlog and any recommendations to Congress regarding how to mitigate current problems and the backlog. SEC. 1303. VALDEZ, ALASKA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the portion of the project for navigation, Valdez, Alaska, identified as Tract G, Harbor Subdivision, shall not be subject to navigational servitude beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) E
NTRY BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—The Federal Government may enter upon the prop-erty referred to in subsection (a) to carry out any required operation and maintenance of the general navigation features of the project re-ferred to in subsection (a). 
SEC. 1304. LOS ANGELES COUNTY DRAINAGE AREA, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, CALI-FORNIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) prioritize the updating of the water control manuals for control structures for the project for flood control, Los Angeles County Drainage Area, Los Angeles County, California, author-ized by section 101(b) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–640; 104 Stat. 4611); and (2) integrate and incorporate into the project seasonal operations for water conservation and water supply. (b) P
ARTICIPATION .—The update referred to in subsection (a) shall be done in coordination with all appropriate Federal agencies, elected officials, and members of the public. 
SEC. 1305. SUTTER BASIN, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The separable element con-stituting the locally preferred plan increment re-flected in the report of the Chief of Engineers dated March 12, 2014, and authorized for con-struction in item 8 of the table contained in sec-tion 7002(2) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366) is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—The deauthoriza-tion under subsection (a) does not affect— (1) the national economic development plan separable element reflected in the report of the Chief of Engineers dated March 12, 2014, and authorized for construction in item 8 of the table contained in section 7002(2) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366); or (2) previous authorizations providing for the Sacramento River and major and minor tribu-taries project, including— (A) section 2 of the Act of March 1, 1917 (39 Stat. 949, chapter 144); (B) section 10 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 900, chapter 665); (C) section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 177, chapter 188); and (D) any other Acts relating to the authoriza-tion for the Sacramento River and major and minor tributaries project along the Feather River right bank between levee stationing 1483+33 and levee stationing 2368+00. 
SEC. 1306. ESSEX RIVER, MASSACHUSETTS. 
(a) D EAUTHORIZATION .—The portions of the project for navigation, Essex River, Massachu-setts, authorized by the Act of July 13, 1892 (27 Stat. 88, chapter 158), and modified by the Act of March 3, 1899 (30 Stat. 1121, chapter 425), and the Act of March 2, 1907 (34 Stat. 1073, chapter 2509), that do not lie within the areas described in subsection (b) are no longer authorized begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROJECT AREAS.—The areas described in this subsection are as follows: Beginning at a point N3056139.82 E851780.21, thence southwesterly about 156.88 feet to a point N3055997.75 E851713.67; thence southwesterly about 64.59 feet to a point N3055959.37 E851661.72; thence southwesterly about 145.14 feet to a point N3055887.10 E851535.85; thence southwesterly about 204.91 feet to a point N3055855.12 E851333.45; thence northwesterly about 423.50 feet to a point N3055976.70 E850927.78; thence northwesterly about 58.77 feet to a point N3056002.99 E850875.21; thence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7430 December 8, 2016 
northwesterly about 240.57 feet to a point N3056232.82 E850804.14; thence northwesterly about 203.60 feet to a point N3056435.41 E850783.93; thence northwesterly about 78.63 feet to a point N3056499.63 E850738.56; thence northwesterly about 60.00 feet to a point N3056526.30 E850684.81; thence southwesterly about 85.56 feet to a point N3056523.33 E850599.31; thence southwesterly about 36.20 feet to a point N3056512.37 E850564.81; thence southwesterly about 80.10 feet to a point N3056467.08 E850498.74; thence southwesterly about 169.05 feet to a point N3056334.36 E850394.03; thence northwesterly about 48.52 feet to a point N3056354.38 E850349.83; thence northeasterly about 83.71 feet to a point N3056436.35 E850366.84; thence northeasterly about 212.38 feet to a point N3056548.70 E850547.07; thence northeasterly about 47.60 feet to a point N3056563.12 E850592.43; thence north-easterly about 101.16 feet to a point N3056566.62 E850693.53; thence southeasterly about 80.22 feet to a point N3056530.97 E850765.40; thence south-easterly about 99.29 feet to a point N3056449.88 E850822.69; thence southeasterly about 210.12 feet to a point N3056240.79 E850843.54; thence southeasterly about 219.46 feet to a point N3056031.13 E850908.38; thence southeasterly about 38.23 feet to a point N3056014.02 E850942.57; thence southeasterly about 410.93 feet to a point N3055896.06 E851336.21; thence northeasterly about 188.43 feet to a point N3055925.46 E851522.33; thence northeasterly about 135.47 feet to a point N3055992.91 E851639.80; thence northeasterly about 52.15 feet to a point N3056023.90 E851681.75; thence north-easterly about 91.57 feet to a point N3056106.82 E851720.59. 
SEC. 1307. PORT OF CASCADE LOCKS, OREGON. 
(a) E XTINGUISHMENT OF PORTIONS OF EXIST-
INGFLOWAGE EASEMENT .—With respect to the properties described in subsection (b), beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the flow-age easements described in subsection (c) are ex-tinguished above elevation 82.2 feet (NGVD29), the ordinary high water line. (b) A
FFECTED PROPERTIES .—The properties described in this subsection, as recorded in Hood River County, Oregon, are as follows: (1) Lots 3, 4, 5, and 7 of the ‘‘Port of Cascade Locks Business Park’’ subdivision, Instrument Number 2014–00436. (2) Parcels 1, 2, and 3 of Hood River County Partition, Plat Number 2008–25P. (c) F
LOWAGE EASEMENTS .—The flowage ease-ments described in this subsection are identified as Tracts 302E–1 and 304E–1 on the easement deeds recorded as instruments in Hood River County, Oregon, and described as follows: (1) A flowage easement dated October 3, 1936, recorded December 1, 1936, book 25, page 531 (Records of Hood River County, Oregon), in favor of the United States (302E–1–Perpetual Flowage Easement from 10/5/37, 10/5/36, and 10/3/ 36; previously acquired as Tracts OH–36 and OH–41 and a portion of Tract OH–47). (2) A flowage easement dated October 5, 1936, recorded October 17, 1936, book 25, page 476 (Records of Hood River County, Oregon), in favor of the United States, affecting that por-tion below the 94-foot contour line above main sea level (304 E1–Perpetual Flowage Easement from 8/10/37 and 10/3/36; previously acquired as Tract OH–042 and a portion of Tract OH–47). (d) F
EDERAL LIABILITIES ; CULTURAL , ENVI-
RONMENTAL , AND OTHER REGULATORY RE-
VIEWS .— (1) F
EDERAL LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for any injury caused by the extinguishment of an easement under this sec-tion. (2) C
ULTURAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL REGU -
LATORY ACTIONS .—Nothing in this section estab-lishes any cultural or environmental regulation relating to the properties described in subsection (b). (e) E
FFECT ON OTHER RIGHTS .—Nothing in this section affects any remaining right or inter-est of the Corps of Engineers in the properties described in subsection (b). SEC. 1308. CENTRAL DELAWARE RIVER, PHILA-DELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA. 
(a) A REATOBEDECLARED NONNAVIGABLE .— Subject to subsection (c), unless the Secretary finds, after consultation with local and regional public officials (including local and regional public planning organizations), that there are substantive objections, those portions of the Delaware River, bounded by the former bulk-head and pierhead lines that were established by the Secretary of War and successors and de-scribed as follows, are declared to be nonnav-igable waters of the United States: (1) Piers 70 South through 38 South, encom-passing an area bounded by the southern line of Moore Street extended to the northern line of Catherine Street extended, including the fol-lowing piers: Piers 70, 68, 67, 64, 61–63, 60, 57, 55, 53, 48, 46, 40, and 38. (2) Piers 24 North through 72 North, encom-passing an area bounded by the southern line of Callowhill Street extended to the northern line of East Fletcher Street extended, including the following piers: Piers 24, 25, 27–35, 35.5, 36, 37, 38, 39, 49, 51–52, 53–57, 58–65, 66, 67, 69, 70–72, and Rivercenter. (b) P
UBLIC INTEREST DETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall make the public interest deter-mination under subsection (a) separately for each proposed project to be undertaken within the boundaries described in subsection (a), using reasonable discretion, not later than 150 days after the date of submission of appropriate plans for the proposed project. (c) L
IMITS ON APPLICABILITY .—The declara-tion under subsection (a) shall apply only to those parts of the areas described in subsection (a) that are or will be bulkheaded and filled or otherwise occupied by permanent structures, in-cluding marina and recreation facilities. 
SEC. 1309. HUNTINGDON COUNTY, PENNSYL-VANIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) prioritize the updating of the master plan for the Juniata River and tributaries project, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, authorized by section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1182); and (2) ensure that alternatives for additional recreation access and development at the project are fully assessed, evaluated, and incorporated as a part of the update. (b) P
ARTICIPATION .—The update referred to in subsection (a) shall be done in coordination with all appropriate Federal agencies, elected officials, and members of the public. (c) I
NVENTORY .—In carrying out the update under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include an inventory of those lands that are not nec-essary to carry out the authorized purposes of the project. 
SEC. 1310. RIVERCENTER, PHILADELPHIA, PENN-SYLVANIA. 
Section 38(c) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1988 (33 U.S.C. 59j–1(c)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘(except 30 years from such date of enactment, in the case of the area or any part thereof described in subsection (a)(5))’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Not-withstanding the preceding sentence, the dec-laration of nonnavigability for the area de-scribed in subsection (a)(5), or any part thereof, shall not expire.’’. 
SEC. 1311. SALT CREEK, GRAHAM, TEXAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The project for flood con-trol, environmental restoration, and recreation, Salt Creek, Graham, Texas, authorized by sec-tion 101(a)(30) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 278), is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) C
ERTAIN PROJECT -RELATED CLAIMS .—The non-Federal interest for the project shall hold and save the United States harmless from any claim that has arisen, or that may arise, in con-nection with the project. (c) TRANSFER .—The Secretary is authorized to transfer any land acquired by the Federal Gov-ernment for the project on behalf of the non- Federal interest that remains in Federal owner-ship on or after the date of enactment of this Act to the non-Federal interest. (d) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary determines that land transferred under subsection (c) ceases to be owned by the public, all right, title, and interest in and to the land and improve-ments thereon shall revert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States. 
SEC. 1312. TEXAS CITY SHIP CHANNEL, TEXAS CITY, TEXAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The portion of the Texas City Ship Channel, Texas City, Texas, described in subsection (b) shall not be subject to naviga-tional servitude beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act. (b) D
ESCRIPTION .—The portion of the Texas City Ship Channel described in this subsection is a tract or parcel containing 393.53 acres (17,142,111 square feet) of land situated in the City of Texas City Survey, Abstract Number 681, and State of Texas Submerged Lands Tracts 98A and 99A, Galveston County, Texas, said 393.53 acre tract being more particularly described as follows: (1) Beginning at the intersection of an edge of fill along Galveston Bay with the most northerly east survey line of said City of Texas City Sur-vey, Abstract No. 681, the same being a called 375.75 acre tract patented by the State of Texas to the City of Texas City and recorded in Vol-ume 1941, Page 750 of the Galveston County Deed Records (G.C.D.R.), from which a found U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Brass Cap stamped ‘‘R 4–3’’ set in the top of the Texas City Dike along the east side of Bay Street bears North 56° 14’ 32’’ West, a distance of 6,045.31 feet and from which a found U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers Brass Cap stamped ‘‘R 4–2’’ set in the top of the Texas City Dike along the east side of Bay Street bears North 49 ° 13’ 20’’ West, a dis-tance of 6,693.64 feet. (2) Thence, over and across said State Tracts 98A and 99A and along the edge of fill along said Galveston Bay, the following 8 courses and distances: (A) South 75° 49’ 13’’ East, a distance of 298.08 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (B) South 81° 16’ 26’’ East, a distance of 170.58 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (C) South 79° 20’ 31’’ East, a distance of 802.34 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (D) South 75° 57’ 32’’ East, a distance of 869.68 feet to a point for the beginning of a non-tan-gent curve to the right. (E) Easterly along said non-tangent curve to the right having a radius of 736.80 feet, a cen-tral angle of 24° 55’ 59’’, a chord of South 68 ° 47’ 35’’ East – 318.10 feet, and an arc length of 320.63 feet to a point for the beginning of a non- tangent curve to the left. (F) Easterly along said non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 373.30 feet, a central angle of 31° 57’ 42’’, a chord of South 66 ° 10’ 42’’ East – 205.55 feet, and an arc length of 208.24 feet to a point for the beginning of a non-tan-gent curve to the right. (G) Easterly along said non-tangent curve to the right having a radius of 15,450.89 feet, a cen-tral angle of 02° 04’ 10’’, a chord of South 81 ° 56’ 20’’ East – 558.04 feet, and an arc length of 558.07 feet to a point for the beginning of a com-pound curve to the right and the northeasterly corner of the tract herein described. (H) Southerly along said compound curve to the right and the easterly line of the tract here-in described, having a radius of 1,425.00 feet, a central angle of 133° 08’ 00’’, a chord of South 14° 20’ 15’’ East – 2,614.94 feet, and an arc 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7431 December 8, 2016 
length of 3,311.15 feet to a point on a line lying 125.00 feet northerly of and parallel with the centerline of an existing levee for the southeast-erly corner of the tract herein described. (3) Thence, continuing over and across said State Tracts 98A and 99A and along lines lying 125.00 feet northerly of, parallel, and concentric with the centerline of said existing levee, the following 12 courses and distances: (A) North 78° 01’ 58’’ West, a distance of 840.90 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (B) North 76° 58’ 35’’ West, a distance of 976.66 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (C) North 76° 44’ 33’’ West, a distance of 1,757.03 feet to a point for the beginning of a tangent curve to the left. (D) Southwesterly, along said tangent curve to the left having a radius of 185.00 feet, a cen-tral angle of 82° 27’ 32’’, a chord of South 62 ° 01’ 41’’ West – 243.86 feet, and an arc length of 266.25 feet to a point for the beginning of a com-pound curve to the left. (E) Southerly, along said compound curve to the left having a radius of 4,535.58 feet, a cen-tral angle of 11° 06’ 58’’, a chord of South 15 ° 14’ 26’’ West – 878.59 feet, and an arc length of 879.97 feet to an angle point of the tract herein described. (F) South 64° 37’ 11’’ West, a distance of 146.03 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (G) South 67° 08’ 21’’ West, a distance of 194.42 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (H) North 34° 48’ 22’’ West, a distance of 789.69 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (I) South 42° 47’ 10’’ West, a distance of 161.01 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (J) South 42° 47’ 10’’ West, a distance of 144.66 feet to a point for the beginning of a tangent curve to the right. (K) Westerly, along said tangent curve to the right having a radius of 310.00 feet, a central angle of 59° 50’ 28’’, a chord of South 72 ° 42’ 24’’ West – 309.26 feet, and an arc length of 323.77 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (L) North 77° 22’ 21’’ West, a distance of 591.41 feet to the intersection of said parallel line with the edge of fill adjacent to the easterly edge of the Texas City Turning Basin for the southwest-erly corner of the tract herein described, from which a found U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Brass Cap stamped ‘‘SWAN 2’’ set in the top of a concrete column set flush in the ground along the north bank of Swan Lake bears South 20 ° 51’ 58’’ West, a distance of 4,862.67 feet. (4) Thence, over and across said City of Texas City Survey and along the edge of fill adjacent to the easterly edge of said Texas City Turning Basin, the following 18 courses and distances: (A) North 01° 34’ 19’’ East, a distance of 57.40 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (B) North 05° 02’ 13’’ West, a distance of 161.85 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (C) North 06° 01’ 56’’ East, a distance of 297.75 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (D) North 06° 18’ 07’’ West, a distance of 71.33 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (E) North 07° 21’ 09’’ West, a distance of 122.45 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (F) North 26° 41’ 15’’ West, a distance of 46.02 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (G) North 01° 31’ 59’’ West, a distance of 219.78 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (H) North 15° 54’ 07’’ West, a distance of 104.89 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (I) North 04° 00’ 34’’ East, a distance of 72.94 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-
scribed. (J) North 06° 46’ 38’’ West, a distance of 78.89 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (K) North 12° 07’ 59’’ West, a distance of 182.79 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (L) North 20° 50’ 47’’ West, a distance of 105.74 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (M) North 02° 02’ 04’’ West, a distance of 184.50 feet to an angle point of the tract herein described. (N) North 08° 07’ 11’’ East, a distance of 102.23 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (O) North 08° 16’ 00’’ West, a distance of 213.45 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (P) North 03° 15’ 16’’ West, a distance of 336.45 feet to a point for the beginning of a non-tan-gent curve to the left. (Q) Northerly along said non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 896.08 feet, a central angle of 14° 00’ 05’’, a chord of North 09 ° 36’ 03’’ West – 218.43 feet, and an arc length of 218.97 feet to a point for the beginning of a non-tan-gent curve to the right. (R) Northerly along said non-tangent curve to the right having a radius of 483.33 feet, a cen-tral angle of 19° 13’ 34’’, a chord of North 13 ° 52’ 03’’ East – 161.43 feet, and an arc length of 162.18 feet to a point for the northwesterly cor-ner of the tract herein described. (5) Thence, continuing over and across said City of Texas City Survey, and along the edge of fill along said Galveston Bay, the following 15 courses and distances: (A) North 30° 45’ 02’’ East, a distance of 189.03 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (B) North 34° 20’ 49’’ East, a distance of 174.16 feet to a point for the beginning of a non-tan-gent curve to the right. (C) Northeasterly along said non-tangent curve to the right having a radius of 202.01 feet, a central angle of 25° 53’ 37’’, a chord of North 33° 14’ 58’’ East – 90.52 feet, and an arc length of 91.29 feet to a point for the beginning of a non-tangent curve to the left. (D) Northeasterly along said non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 463.30 feet, a central angle of 23° 23’ 57’’, a chord of North 48° 02’ 53’’ East – 187.90 feet, and an arc length of 189.21 feet to a point for the beginning of a non-tangent curve to the right. (E) Northeasterly along said non-tangent curve to the right having a radius of 768.99 feet, a central angle of 16° 24’ 19’’, a chord of North 43° 01’ 40’’ East – 219.43 feet, and an arc length of 220.18 feet to an angle point of the tract here-in described. (F) North 38° 56’ 50’’ East, a distance of 126.41 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (G) North 42° 59’ 50’’ East, a distance of 128.28 feet to a point for the beginning of a non-tan-gent curve to the right. (H) Northerly along said non-tangent curve to the right having a radius of 151.96 feet, a cen-tral angle of 68° 36’ 31’’, a chord of North 57 ° 59’ 42’’ East – 171.29 feet, and an arc length of 181.96 feet to a point for the most northerly cor-ner of the tract herein described. (I) South 77° 14’ 49’’ East, a distance of 131.60 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (J) South 84° 44’ 18’’ East, a distance of 86.58 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (K) South 58
° 14’ 45’’ East, a distance of 69.62 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (L) South 49° 44’ 51’’ East, a distance of 149.00 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (M) South 44° 47’ 21’’ East, a distance of 353.77 feet to a point for the beginning of a non- tangent curve to the left. (N) Easterly along said non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 253.99 feet, a central angle of 98° 53’ 23’’, a chord of South 83 ° 28’ 51’’ East – 385.96 feet, and an arc length of 438.38 feet to an angle point of the tract herein de-scribed. (O) South 75° 49’ 13’’ East, a distance of 321.52 feet to the point of beginning and containing 393.53 acres (17,142,111 square feet) of land. SEC. 1313. STONINGTON HARBOUR, CON-NECTICUT. 
The portion of the project for navigation, Stonington Harbour, Connecticut, authorized by the Act of May 23, 1828 (4 Stat. 288, chapter 73), that consists of the inner stone breakwater that begins at coordinates N. 682,146.42, E. 1231,378.69, running north 83.587 degrees west 166.79’ to a point N. 682,165.05, E. 1,231,212.94, running north 69.209 degrees west 380.89’ to a point N. 682,300.25, E. 1,230,856.86, is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1314. RED RIVER BELOW DENISON DAM, TEXAS, OKLAHOMA, ARKANSAS, AND LOUISIANA. 
The portion of the project for flood control with respect to the Red River below Denison Dam, Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Lou-isiana, authorized by section 10 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (60 Stat. 647, chapter 596), consisting of the portion of the West Agurs Levee that begins at lat. 32 ° 32’ 50.86’’ N., by long. 93° 46’ 16.82’’ W., and ends at lat. 32 ° 31’ 22.79’’ N., by long. 93° 45’ 2.47’’ W., is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1315. GREEN RIVER AND BARREN RIVER, KENTUCKY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, commercial navigation at the locks and dams identified in the report of the Chief of Engineers entitled ‘‘Green River Locks and Dams 3, 4, 5, and 6 and Barren River Lock and Dam 1, Kentucky’’ and dated April 30, 2015, shall no longer be authorized, and the land and improvements associated with the locks and dams shall be disposed of— (1) consistent with this section; and (2) subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appro-priate in the public interest. (b) D
ISPOSITION .— (1) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 3 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to the Rochester Dam Re-gional Water Commission all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to the land as-sociated with Green River Lock and Dam 3, lo-cated in Ohio County and Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, together with any improvements on the land. (2) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 4 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to Butler County, Kentucky, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land associated with Green River Lock and Dam 4, located in Butler County, Kentucky, together with any improvements on the land. (3) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 5 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to the State of Kentucky, a political subdivision of the State of Kentucky, or a nonprofit, nongovernmental organization all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land associated with Green River Lock and Dam 5, located in Edmonson County, Kentucky, together with any improvements on the land, for the purposes of— (A) removing Lock and Dam 5 from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (B) making the land available for conserva-tion and public recreation, including river ac-cess. (4) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 6 .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of the Interior administrative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7432 December 8, 2016 
jurisdiction over the portion of the land associ-ated with Green River Lock and Dam 6, Edmonson County, Kentucky, that is located on the left descending bank of the Green River, to-gether with any improvements on the land, for inclusion in Mammoth Cave National Park. (B) T
RANSFER TO THE STATE OF KENTUCKY .— The Secretary shall convey to the State of Ken-tucky all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the portion of the land associ-ated with Green River Lock and Dam 6, Edmonson County, Kentucky, that is located on the right descending bank of the Green River, together with any improvements on the land, for use by the Department of Fish and Wildlife Re-sources of the State of Kentucky for the pur-poses of— (i) removing Lock and Dam 6 from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (ii) making the land available for conservation and public recreation, including river access. (5) B
ARREN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 1 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to the State of Kentucky, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land associated with Barren River Lock and Dam 1, located in Warren County, Kentucky, together with any improvements on the land, for use by the Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources of the State of Kentucky for the purposes of— (A) removing Lock and Dam 1 from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (B) making the land available for conserva-tion and public recreation, including river ac-cess. (c) C
ONDITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The exact acreage and legal description of any land to be disposed of, trans-ferred, or conveyed under this section shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Sec-retary. (2) Q
UITCLAIM DEED .—A conveyance under paragraph (1), (2), (4), or (5) of subsection (b) shall be accomplished by quitclaim deed and without consideration. (3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary shall be responsible for all administrative costs associated with a transfer or conveyance under this section, including the costs of a survey car-ried out under paragraph (1). (4) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary determines that the land conveyed under this section is not used by a non-Federal entity for a purpose that is consistent with the purpose of the convey-ance, all right, title, and interest in and to the land, including any improvements on the land, shall revert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto the land. 
SEC. 1316. HANNIBAL SMALL BOAT HARBOR, HAN-NIBAL, MISSOURI. 
The project for navigation at Hannibal Small Boat Harbor on the Mississippi River, Hannibal, Missouri, authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 166, chapter 188), is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, and any mainte-nance requirements associated with the project are terminated. 
SEC. 1317. LAND TRANSFER AND TRUST LAND FOR MUSCOGEE (CREEK) NATION. 
(a) T RANSFER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and for the consideration described in subsection (c), the Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of the Interior the land described in subsection (b) to be held in trust for the benefit of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The land transfer under this subsection shall be subject to the following con-ditions: (A) The transfer— (i) shall not interfere with the Corps of Engi-neers operation of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other authorized civil works project; and (ii) shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be nec-essary and appropriate to ensure the continued operation of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other authorized civil works project. (B) The Secretary shall retain the right to in-undate with water the land transferred to the Secretary of the Interior under this subsection as necessary to carry out an authorized purpose of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other civil works project. (C) No gaming activities may be conducted on the land transferred under this subsection. (b) LANDDESCRIPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The land to be transferred pursuant to subsection (a) is the approximately 18.38 acres of land located in the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4) of sec. 3, T. 10 N., R. 16 E., McIntosh County, Oklahoma, generally de-picted as ‘‘USACE’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Muscogee (Creek) Nation Proposed Land Ac-quisition’’ and dated October 16, 2014. (2) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal de-scription of the land to be transferred under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior. (c) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Muscogee (Creek) Nation shall pay— (1) to the Secretary an amount that is equal to the fair market value of the land transferred under subsection (a), as determined by the Sec-retary, which funds may be accepted and ex-pended by the Secretary; and (2) all costs and administrative expenses asso-ciated with the transfer of land under sub-section (a), including the costs of— (A) the survey under subsection (b)(2); (B) compliance with the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (C) any coordination necessary with respect to requirements related to endangered species, cul-tural resources, clean water, and clean air. 
SEC. 1318. CAMERON COUNTY, TEXAS. 
(a) R ELEASE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall execute and file in the appropriate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appro-priate instrument effectuating the release of the interests of the United States in certain tracts of land located in Cameron County, Texas, as de-scribed in subsection (d). (b) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require that any release under this section be subject to such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appro-priate and necessary to protect the interests of the United States. (c) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—The Brownsville Navigation District shall be responsible for all reasonable and necessary costs, including real estate transaction and environmental docu-mentation costs, associated with the releases. (d) D
ESCRIPTION .—The Secretary shall release all or portions of the interests in the following tracts as determined by a survey to be paid for by the Brownsville Navigation District, that is satisfactory to the Secretary: (1) Tract No. 1: Being 1,277.80 Acres as con-veyed by the Brownsville Navigation District of Cameron County, Texas, to the United States of America by instrument dated September 22, 1932, and recorded at Volume 238, pages 578 through 580, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its en-tirety, save and except approximately 361.03 Acres, comprised of the area designated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as required for the project known as Brazos Island Harbor Deepening, and further save and except ap-proximately 165.56 Acres for the existing Dredged Material Placement Area No. 4A1. (2) Tract No. 2: Being 842.28 Acres as con-demned by the United States of America by the Final Report of Commissioners dated May 6, 1938, and recorded at Volume 281, pages 486 through 488, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 178.15 Acres comprised of a strip 562 feet in width, being the area designated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as required for the project known as Brazos Island Harbor Deep-ening, further save and except approximately 76.95 Acres for the existing Dredged Material Placement Area No. 4A1, and further save and except approximately 74.40 Acres for the existing Dredged Material Placement Area No. 4B1. (3) Tract No. 3: Being 362.00 Acres as con-veyed by the Manufacturing and Distributing University to the United States of America by instrument dated March 3, 1936, and recorded at Volume ‘‘R’’, page 123, in the Miscellaneous Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety. (4) Tract No. 4: Being 9.48 Acres as conveyed by the Brownsville Navigation District of Cam-eron County, Texas, to the United States of America by instrument dated January 23, 1939, and recorded at Volume 293, pages 115 through 118, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas (said 9.48 Acres are identified in said in-strument as the ‘‘Second Tract’’), to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 1.97 Acres, comprised of the area designated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as required for the project known as Brazos Is-land Harbor Deepening, plus 5.0 feet. (5) Tract No. 5: Being 10.91 Acres as conveyed by the Brownsville Navigation District of Cam-eron County, Texas, by instrument dated March 6, 1939, and recorded at Volume 293, pages 113 through 115, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas (said 10.91 Acres are identified in said instrument as ‘‘Third Tract’’), to be re-leased and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 0.36 Acre, comprised of the area designated by the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers as required for the project known as Brazos Island Harbor Deepening. (6) Tract No. 9: Being 552.82 Acres as con-demned by the United States of America by the Final Report of Commissioners dated May 6, 1938, and recorded at Volume 281, pages 483 through 486, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 84.59 Acres, comprised of the area designated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as required for the project known as Brazos Island Harbor Deepening. (7) Tract No. 10: Being 325.02 Acres as con-demned by the United States of America by the Final Report of Commissioners dated May 7, 1935, and recorded at Volume 281, pages 476 through 483, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 76.81 Acres, comprised of the area designated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as required for the project known as Brazos Island Harbor Deepening. (8) Tract No. 11: Being 8.85 Acres in as con-veyed by the Brownsville Navigation District of Cameron County, Texas, to the United States of America by instrument dated January 23, 1939, and recorded at Volume 293, Pages 115 through 118, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas (said 8.85 Acres are identified in said in-strument as the ‘‘First Tract’’), to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 0.30 Acres, comprised of the area within the project known as Brazos Island Har-bor Deepening, plus 5.0 feet. (9) Tract No. A100E: Being 13.63 Acres in as conveyed by the Brownsville Navigation District of Cameron County, Texas, to the United States of America by instrument dated September 30, 1947, and recorded at Volume 427, page 1 through 4 in the Deed Records of Cameron County, to be released and abandoned in its en-tirety, save and except approximately 6.60 Acres, comprised of the area designated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as required for the ex-isting project known as Brazos Island Harbor, plus 5.0 feet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7433 December 8, 2016 
(10) Tract No. 122E: Being 31.4 Acres as con-veyed by the Brownsville Navigation District of Cameron County, Texas, to the United States of America by instrument dated December 11, 1963 and recorded at Volume 756, page 393 in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 4.18 Acres in Share 31 of the Espiritu Santo Grant in Cameron County, Texas, and further save and except approxi-mately 2.04 Acres in Share 7 of the San Martin Grant in Cameron County, Texas, being por-tions of the area designated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as required for the current project known as Brazos Island Harbor, plus 5.0 feet. 
SEC. 1319. NEW SAVANNAH BLUFF LOCK AND DAM, GEORGIA AND SOUTH CARO-LINA. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) N
EW SAVANNAH BLUFF LOCK AND DAM .— The term ‘‘New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam’’ means— (A) the lock and dam at New Savannah Bluff, Savannah River, Georgia and South Carolina; and (B) the appurtenant features to the lock and dam, including— (i) the adjacent approximately 50-acre park and recreation area with improvements made under the project for navigation, Savannah River below Augusta, Georgia, authorized by the first section of the Act of July 3, 1930 (46 Stat. 924), and the first section of the Act of Au-gust 30, 1935 (49 Stat. 1032); and (ii) other land that is part of the project and that the Secretary determines to be appropriate for conveyance under this section. (2) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘Project’’ means the project for navigation, Savannah Harbor expan-sion, Georgia, authorized by section 7002(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1364). (b) D
EAUTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam is deauthorized; and (B) notwithstanding section 348(l)(2)(B) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Pub-lic Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2630; 114 Stat. 2763A– 228) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) or any other provision of law, the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam shall not be conveyed to the city of North Au-gusta and Aiken County, South Carolina, or any other non-Federal entity. (2) R
EPEAL .—Section 348 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2630; 114 Stat. 2763A–228) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (l); and (B) by redesignating subsections (m) and (n) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively. (c) P
ROJECT MODIFICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Project is modified to in-clude, as the Secretary determines to be nec-essary— (A)(i) repair of the lock wall of the New Sa-vannah Bluff Lock and Dam and modification of the structure such that the structure is able— (I) to maintain the pool for navigation, water supply, and recreational activities, as in exist-ence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (II) to allow safe passage over the structure to historic spawning grounds of shortnose stur-geon, Atlantic sturgeon, and other migratory fish; or (ii)(I) construction at an appropriate location across the Savannah River of a structure that is able to maintain the pool for water supply and recreational activities, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (II) removal of the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam on completion of construction of the structure; and (B) conveyance by the Secretary to Augusta- Richmond County, Georgia, of the park and recreation area adjacent to the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam, without consideration. (2) NON-FEDERAL COST SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of any Project feature con-structed pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be not greater than the share as provided by section 7002(1) of the Water Resources Reform and De-velopment Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1364) for the most cost-effective fish pas-sage structure. (3) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE COSTS .—The Federal share of the costs of operation and maintenance of any Project feature constructed pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be consistent with the cost sharing of the Project as provided by law. 
SEC. 1320. HAMILTON CITY, CALIFORNIA. 
Section 1001(8) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1050) is modified to authorize the Secretary to construct the project at a total cost of $91,000,000, with an estimated Federal cost of $59,735,061 and an estimated non-Federal cost of $31,264,939. 
SEC. 1321. CONVEYANCES. 
(a) P EARL RIVER, M ISSISSIPPI AND LOU-
ISIANA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The project for navigation, Pearl River, Mississippi and Louisiana, author-ized by the first section of the Act of August 30, 1935 (49 Stat. 1033, chapter 831), and section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–789; 80 Stat. 1405), is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act. (2) T
RANSFER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary is authorized to con-vey to a State or local interest, without consid-eration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (i) any land in which the Federal Government has a property interest for the project described in paragraph (1); and (ii) improvements to the land described in clause (i). (B) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR COSTS .—The trans-feree shall be responsible for the payment of all costs and administrative expenses associated with any transfer carried out pursuant to sub-paragraph (A), including costs associated with any land survey required to determine the exact acreage and legal description of the land and improvements to be transferred. (C) O
THER TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—A trans- fer under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary and appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. (3) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary determines that the land and improvements conveyed under paragraph (2) cease to be owned by the public, all right, title, and interest in and to the land and improvements shall revert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States. (b) S
ARDIS LAKE, MISSISSIPPI .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to convey to the lessee, at full fair market value, all right, title, and interest of the United Sates in and to the property identified in the leases numbered DACW38–1–15–7, DACW38–1–15–33, DACW38–1–15–34, and DACW38–1–15–38, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (2) E
ASEMENT AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANT .— The conveyance under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) a restrictive covenant to require the ap-proval of the Secretary for any substantial change in the use of the property; and (B) a flowage easement. (c) P
ENSACOLA DAM AND RESERVOIR , GRAND  R
IVER, OKLAHOMA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the Act of June 28, 1938 (52 Stat. 1215, chapter 795), as amended by section 3 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 645, chapter 377), and notwith-standing section 3 of the Act of July 31, 1946 (60 Stat. 744, chapter 710), the Secretary shall con-vey, by quitclaim deed and without consider-ation, to the Grand River Dam Authority, an agency of the State of Oklahoma, for flood con-trol purposes, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to real property under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary ac-quired in connection with the Pensacola Dam project, together with any improvements on the property. (2) FLOOD CONTROL PURPOSES .—If any inter-est in the real property described in paragraph (1) ceases to be managed for flood control or other public purposes and is conveyed to a non-public entity, the transferee, as part of the con-veyance, shall pay to the United States the fair market value for the interest. (3) N
O EFFECT .—Nothing in this subsection— (A) amends, modifies, or repeals any existing authority vested in the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission; or (B) amends, modifies, or repeals any authority of the Secretary or the Chief of Engineers pur-suant to section 7 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 709). (d) J
OEPOOL LAKE, TEXAS.—The Secretary shall accept from the Trinity River Authority of Texas, if received on or before December 31, 2016, $31,344,841 as payment in full of amounts owed to the United States, including any ac-crued interest, for the approximately 61,747.1 acre-feet of water supply storage space in Joe Pool Lake, Texas (previously known as Lakeview Lake), for which payment has not commenced under Article 5.a (relating to project investment costs) of contract number DACW63– 76–C–0106 as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1322. EXPEDITED CONSIDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1011 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2341a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(C) by inserting ‘‘restore or’’ before ‘‘prevent the loss’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A)(ii) by striking ‘‘that—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘limited reevaluation report’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1) by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), respectively, and indenting appro-priately; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (C) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated) by striking ‘‘For’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF CURRENTLY  
AUTHORIZED PROGRAMMATIC AUTHORITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives a report that contains— ‘‘(A) a list of all programmatic authorities for aquatic ecosystem restoration or improvement of the environment that— ‘‘(i) were authorized or modified in the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1041) or any subsequent Act; and ‘‘(ii) that meet the criteria described in para-graph (1); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7434 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(B) a plan for expeditiously completing the projects under the authorities described in sub-paragraph (A), subject to available funding.’’. (b) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION .— (1) E
XPEDITED COMPLETION OF FLOOD DAMAGE  
REDUCTION AND FLOOD RISK MANAGEMENT  
PROJECTS .—For authorized projects with a pri-mary purpose of flood damage reduction and flood risk management, the Secretary shall pro-vide priority funding for and expedite the com-pletion of the following projects: (A) Chicagoland Underflow Plan, Illinois, in-cluding stage 2 of the McCook Reservoir, as au-thorized by section 3(a)(5) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–676; 102 Stat. 4013) and modified by section 319 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–303; 110 Stat. 3715) and section 501(b) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 334). (B) Cedar River, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as au-thorized by section 7002(2)(3) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366). (C) Comite River, Louisiana, authorized as part of the project for flood control, Amite River and Tributaries, Louisiana, by section 101(11) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4802) and modi-fied by section 301(b)(5) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–303; 110 Stat. 3709) and section 371 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 321). (D) Amite River and Tributaries, Louisiana, East Baton Rouge Parish Watershed, as author-ized by section 101(a)(21) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 277) and modified by section 116 of title I of division D of Public Law 108–7 (117 Stat. 140) and section 3074 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1124). (E) The projects described in paragraphs (29) through (33) of section 212(e) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1999 (33 U.S.C. 2332(e)). (2) EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF FEASIBILITY  
STUDIES .—The Secretary shall give priority funding and expedite completion of the reports for the following projects, and, if the Secretary determines that a project is justified in the com-pleted report, proceed directly to project preconstruction, engineering, and design in ac-cordance with section 910 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2287): (A) The project for navigation, St. George Harbor, Alaska. (B) The project for flood risk management, Rahway River Basin, New Jersey. (C) The Hudson-Raritan Estuary Comprehen-sive Restoration Project. (D) The project for navigation, Mobile Harbor, Alabama. (E) The project for flood risk management, Little Colorado River at Winslow, Navajo Coun-ty, Arizona. (F) The project for flood risk management, Lower San Joaquin River, California. In car-rying out the feasibility study for the project, the Secretary shall include Reclamation District 17 as part of the study. (G) The project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Sacramento River Flood Control System, California. (H) The project for hurricane and storm dam-age risk reduction, Ft. Pierce, Florida. (I) The project for flood risk management, Des Moines and Raccoon Rivers, Iowa. (J) The project for navigation, Mississippi River Ship Channel, Louisiana. (K) The project for flood risk management, North Branch Ecorse Creek, Wayne County, Michigan. (3) E
XPEDITED COMPLETION OF POST -AUTHOR -
IZATION CHANGE REPORT .—The Secretary shall provide priority funding for, and expedite com-pletion of, a post-authorization change report for the project for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, New Hanover County, North Carolina. (4) COMPLETION OF PROJECTS UNDER CON -
STRUCTION BY NON -FEDERAL INTERESTS .—The Secretary shall expedite review and decision on recommendations for the following projects for flood damage reduction and flood risk manage-ment: (A) Pearl River Basin, Mississippi, authorized by section 401(e)(3) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–662; 100 Stat. 4132), as modified by section 3104 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Pub-lic Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1134), submitted to the Secretary under section 211 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b– 13) (as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of the Water Resources Reform and De-velopment Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1193)). (B) Brays Bayou, Texas, authorized by sec-tion 101(a)(21) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–640; 104 Stat. 4610), as modified by section 211(f)(6) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13(f)(6)) (as in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1193)). Subtitle D—Water Resources Infrastructure 
SEC. 1401. PROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS. 
The following projects for water resources de-velopment and conservation and other purposes, as identified in the reports titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Develop-ment’’ submitted to Congress on January 29, 2015, and January 29, 2016, respectively, pursu-ant to section 7001 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d) or otherwise reviewed by Congress, are authorized to be carried out by the Secretary substantially in accordance with the plans, and subject to the conditions, described in the re-spective reports designated in this section: (1) N
AVIGATION .— 
1. TX Brazos Island Harbor Nov. 3, 2014 Federal: $121,023,000 Non-Federal: $89,453,000 Total: $210,476,000 
2. LA Calcasieu Lock Dec. 2, 2014 Total: $17,432,000 (to be derived 1⁄2from the general fund of the Treasury and 
1⁄2from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund) 
3. NH, ME Portsmouth Harbor and Piscataqua River Feb. 8, 2015 Federal: $16,015,000 Non-Federal: $5,338,000 Total: $21,353,000 
4. FL Port Everglades Jun. 25, 2015 Federal: $229,770,000 Non-Federal: $107,233,000 Total: $337,003,000 
5. AK Little Diomede Harbor Aug. 10, 2015 Federal: $26,394,000 Non-Federal: $2,933,000 Total: $29,327,000 
6. SC Charleston Harbor Sep. 8, 2015 Federal: $231,239,000 Non-Federal: $271,454,000 Total: $502,693,000 
7. AK Craig Harbor Mar. 16, 2016 Federal: $29,456,000 Non-Federal: $3,299,000 Total: $32,755,000 
8. PA Upper Ohio Sep. 12, 2016 Total: $2,691,600,000 (to be derived 1⁄2from the general fund of the Treasury and 
1⁄2from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund). 
(2) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT .— 
1. TX Leon Creek Watershed Jun. 30, 2014 Federal: $22,145,000 Non-Federal: $11,925,000 Total: $34,070,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:12 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7435 December 8, 2016 
2. MO, KS Armourdale and Central Industrial District Levee Units, Missouri River and Tributaries at Kansas Citys Jan. 27, 2015 Federal: $213,271,500 Non-Federal: $114,838,500 Total: $328,110,000 
3. KS City of Manhattan Apr. 30, 2015 Federal: $16,151,000 Non-Federal: $8,697,000 Total: $24,848,000 
4. TN Mill Creek Oct. 16, 2015 Federal: $17,950,000 Non-Federal: $10,860,000 Total: $28,810,000 
5. KS Upper Turkey Creek Basin Dec. 22, 2015 Federal: $25,610,000 Non-Federal: $13,790,000 Total: $39,400,000 
6. NC Princeville Feb. 23, 2016 Federal: $14,080,000 Non-Federal: $7,582,000 Total: $21,662,000 
7. CA American River Common Features Apr. 26, 2016 Federal: $890,046,900 Non-Federal: $705,714,100 Total: $1,595,761,000 
8. CA West Sacramento Apr. 26, 2016 Federal: $788,861,000 Non-Federal: $424,772,000 Total: $1,213,633,000. 
(3) H URRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RISK RE -
DUCTION .— 
1. SC Colleton County Sep. 5, 2014 Initial Federal: $14,448,000 Initial Non-Federal: $7,780,000 Initial Total: $22,228,000 Renourishment Federal: $17,491,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $17,491,000 Renourishment Total: $34,982,000 
2. FL Flagler County Dec. 23, 2014 Initial Federal: $9,561,000 Initial Non-Federal: $5,149,000 Initial Total: $14,710,000 Renourishment Federal: $15,814,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $15,815,000 Renourishment Total: $31,629,000 
3. NC Carteret County Dec. 23, 2014 Initial Federal: $25,468,000 Initial Non-Federal: $13,714,000 Initial Total: $39,182,000 Renourishment Federal: $120,428,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $120,429,000 Renourishment Total: $240,857,000 
4. NJ Hereford Inlet to Cape May Inlet, Cape May County Jan. 23, 2015 Initial Federal: $14,823,000 Initial Non-Federal: $7,981,000 Initial Total: $22,804,000 Renourishment Federal: $43,501,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $43,501,000 Renourishment Total: $87,002,000 
5. LA West Shore Lake Pontchartrain Jun. 12, 2015 Federal: $483,496,650 Non-Federal: $260,344,350 Total: $743,841,000 
6. CA San Diego County Apr. 26, 2016 Initial Federal: $20,953,000 Initial Non-Federal: $11,282,000 Initial Total: $32,235,000 Renourishment Federal: $70,785,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $70,785,000 Renourishment Total: $141,570,000. 
(4) E COSYSTEM RESTORATION .— 
1. FL Central Everglades Dec. 23, 2014 Federal: $993,131,000 Non-Federal: $991,544,000 Total: $1,984,675,000 
2. WA Skokomish River Dec. 14, 2015 Federal: $13,168,000 Non-Federal: $7,091,000 Total: $20,259,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7436 December 8, 2016 
3. WA Puget Sound Sep. 16, 2016 Federal: $300,009,000 Non-Federal: $161,543,000 Total: $461,552,000. 
(5) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT AND ECOSYSTEM  
RESTORATION .— 
1. IL, WI Upper Des Plaines River and Tribu-taries Jun. 8, 2015 Federal: $204,860,000 Non-Federal: $110,642,000 Total: $315,502,000. 
(6) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT , ECOSYSTEM RES -
TORATION , AND RECREATION .— 
1. CA South San Francisco Bay Shoreline Dec. 18, 2015 Federal: $70,511,000 Non-Federal: $106,689,000 Total: $177,200,000. 
(7) E COSYSTEM RESTORATION AND RECRE -
ATION .— 
1. OR Willamette River Dec. 14, 2015 Federal: $19,531,000 Non-Federal: $10,845,000 Total: $30,376,000 
2. CA Los Angeles River Dec. 18, 2015 Federal: $373,413,500 Non-Federal: $1,046,893,500 Total: $1,420,307,000. 
(8) H URRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RISK RE -
DUCTION AND ECOSYSTEM RESTORATION .— 
1. LA Southwest Coastal Louisiana Jul. 29, 2016 Federal: $2,054,386,100 Non-Federal: $1,106,207,900 Total: $3,160,594,000. 
(9) M ODIFICATIONS AND OTHER PROJECTS .— 
1. TX Upper Trinity River May 21, 2008 Federal: $526,500,000 Non-Federal: $283,500,000 Total: $810,000,000 
2. KS, MO Turkey Creek Basin May 13, 2016 Federal: $101,491,650 Non-Federal: $54,649,350 Total: $156,141,000 
3. KY Ohio River Shoreline May 13, 2016 Federal: $20,309,900 Non-Federal: $10,936,100 Total: $31,246,000 
4. MO Blue River Basin May 13, 2016 Federal: $36,326,250 Non-Federal: $12,108,750 Total: $48,435,000 
5. FL Picayune Strand Jul. 15, 2016 Federal: $313,166,000 Non-Federal: $313,166,000 Total: $626,332,000 
6. MO Swope Park Industrial Area, Blue River Jul. 15, 2016 Federal: $21,033,350 Non-Federal: $11,325,650 Total: $32,359,000 
7. AZ Rio de Flag, Flagstaff Sep. 21, 2016 Federal: $66,844,900 Non-Federal: $36,039,100 Total: $102,884,000 
8. TX Houston Ship Channel Nov. 4, 2016 Federal: $381,773,000 Non-Federal: $127,425,000 Total: $509,198,000. 
SEC. 1402. SPECIAL RULES. 
(a) M ILLCREEK.—The portion of the project for flood risk management, Mill Creek, Ten-nessee, authorized by section 1401(2) of this Act that consists of measures within the Mill Creek basin shall be carried out pursuant to section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s). (b) L
OSANGELES RIVER.—The Secretary shall carry out the project for ecosystem restoration and recreation, Los Angeles River, California, authorized by section 1401(7) of this Act sub-stantially in accordance with terms and condi-tions described in the Report of the Chief of En-gineers, dated December 18, 2015, including, not-withstanding section 2008(c) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1074), the recommended cost share. (c) UPPER TRINITY RIVER.—Not more than $5,500,000 may be expended to carry out recre-ation features of the Upper Trinity River project, Texas, authorized by section 1401(9) of this Act. TITLE II—WATER AND WASTE ACT OF 2016 SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water and Waste Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2002. DEFINITION OF ADMINISTRATOR. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7437 December 8, 2016 
Subtitle A—Safe Drinking Water 
SEC. 2101. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON APPROPRIA-TIONS LEVELS. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress should provide robust funding of capitalization grants to States to fund those States’ drinking water treatment revolving loan funds estab-lished under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) and the State water pollution control revolving funds estab-lished under title VI of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.). 
SEC. 2102. PRECONSTRUCTION WORK. 
Section 1452(a)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in the fifth sentence, by striking ‘‘Of the amount’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(F) L
OAN ASSISTANCE .—Of the amount’’; (2) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘The funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) A
CQUISITION OF REAL PROPERTY .—The funds under this section’’; (3) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) W
ATER TREATMENT LOANS .—The funds under this section’’; (4) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Fi-nancial assistance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Financial assistance’’; (5) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Except’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except’’; (6) in subparagraph (B) (as designated by paragraph (4)), by striking ‘‘(not’’ and inserting ‘‘(including expenditures for planning, design, and associated preconstruction activities, in-cluding activities relating to the siting of the fa-cility, but not’’; and (7) by inserting after subparagraph (B) (as designated by paragraph (4)) the following: ‘‘(C) S
ALE OF BONDS .—Funds may also be used by a public water system as a source of revenue (restricted solely to interest earnings of the ap-plicable State loan fund) or security for pay-ment of the principal and interest on revenue or general obligation bonds issued by the State to provide matching funds under subsection (e), if the proceeds of the sale of the bonds will be de-posited in the State loan fund.’’. 
SEC. 2103. ADMINISTRATION OF STATE LOAN FUNDS. 
Section 1452(g)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(g)(2)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), respec-tively, and indenting the clauses appropriately; (2) by striking the fifth sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) E
NFORCEMENT ACTIONS .—Funds used under subparagraph (B)(ii) shall not be used for enforcement actions.’’; (3) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘An ad-ditional’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—An additional’’; (4) by striking the third sentence; (5) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘For fiscal year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL USE OF FUNDS .—For fiscal year’’; (6) by striking the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, a State may use the amount described in clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) to cover the reasonable costs of adminis-tration of the programs under this section, in-cluding the recovery of reasonable costs ex-pended to establish a State loan fund that are incurred after the date of enactment of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(II) to provide technical assistance to public water systems within the State. ‘‘(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF AMOUNT .—The amount referred to in clause (i) is an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount of any fees collected by the State for use in accordance with clause (i)(I), regardless of the source; and ‘‘(II) the greatest of— ‘‘(aa) $400,000; ‘‘(bb) 1⁄5percent of the current valuation of the fund; and ‘‘(cc) an amount equal to 4 percent of all grant awards to the fund under this section for the fiscal year.’’; and (7) in subparagraph (B) (as redesignated by paragraph (5))— (A) in clause (iv) (as redesignated by para-graph (1)), by striking ‘‘1419,’’ and inserting ‘‘1419.’’; and (B) in the undesignated matter following clause (iv) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)), by striking ‘‘if the State’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State funds.’’. 
SEC. 2104. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL AND DIS-ADVANTAGED COMMUNITIES. 
Part E of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1459A. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL AND DIS-ADVANTAGED COMMUNITIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF UNDERSERVED COMMU -
NITY.—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘underserved com-munity’ means a political subdivision of a State that, as determined by the Administrator, has an inadequate system for obtaining drinking water. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘underserved com-munity’ includes a political subdivision of a State that either, as determined by the Adminis-trator— ‘‘(A) does not have household drinking water or wastewater services; or ‘‘(B) is served by a public water system that violates, or exceeds, as applicable, a requirement of a national primary drinking water regulation issued under section 1412, including— ‘‘(i) a maximum contaminant level; ‘‘(ii) a treatment technique; and ‘‘(iii) an action level. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-tablish a program under which grants are pro-vided to eligible entities for use in carrying out projects and activities the primary purposes of which are to assist public water systems in meet-ing the requirements of this title. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Projects and activities under paragraph (1) include— ‘‘(A) investments necessary for the public water system to comply with the requirements of this title; ‘‘(B) assistance that directly and primarily benefits the disadvantaged community on a per- household basis; and ‘‘(C) programs to provide household water quality testing, including testing for unregu-lated contaminants. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An eligible entity under this section— ‘‘(1) is— ‘‘(A) a public water system; ‘‘(B) a water system that is located in an area governed by an Indian Tribe; or ‘‘(C) a State, on behalf of an underserved community; and ‘‘(2) serves a community— ‘‘(A) that, under affordability criteria estab-lished by the State under section 1452(d)(3), is determined by the State— ‘‘(i) to be a disadvantaged community; or ‘‘(ii) to be a community that may become a disadvantaged community as a result of car-rying out a project or activity under subsection (b); or ‘‘(B) with a population of less than 10,000 in-dividuals that the Administrator determines does not have the capacity to incur debt suffi-cient to finance a project or activity under sub-section (b). ‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In prioritizing projects and activities for implementation under this section, the Administrator shall give priority to projects and activities that benefit underserved commu-nities. ‘‘(e) LOCAL PARTICIPATION .—In prioritizing projects and activities for implementation under this section, the Administrator shall consult with and consider the priorities of States, In-dian Tribes, and local governments in which communities described in subsection (c)(2) are located. ‘‘(f) T
ECHNICAL , MANAGERIAL , ANDFINANCIAL  C
APABILITY .—The Administrator may provide assistance to increase the technical, managerial, and financial capability of an eligible entity re-ceiving a grant under this section if the Admin-istrator determines that the eligible entity lacks appropriate technical, managerial, or financial capability and is not receiving such assistance under another Federal program. ‘‘(g) C
OSTSHARING .—Before providing a grant to an eligible entity under this section, the Ad-ministrator shall enter into a binding agreement with the eligible entity to require the eligible en-tity— ‘‘(1) to pay not less than 45 percent of the total costs of the project or activity, which may include services, materials, supplies, or other in- kind contributions; ‘‘(2) to provide any land, easements, rights-of- way, and relocations necessary to carry out the project or activity; and ‘‘(3) to pay 100 percent of any operation and maintenance costs associated with the project or activity. ‘‘(h) W
AIVER .—The Administrator may waive, in whole or in part, the requirement under sub-section (g)(1) if the Administrator determines that an eligible entity is unable to pay, or would experience significant financial hardship if re-quired to pay, the non-Federal share. ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Not more than 4 percent of funds made available for grants under this section may be used to pay the administrative costs of the Administrator. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 2105. REDUCING LEAD IN DRINKING WATER. 
Part E of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1459B. REDUCING LEAD IN DRINKING WATER. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-ty’ means— ‘‘(A) a community water system; ‘‘(B) a water system located in an area gov-erned by an Indian Tribe; ‘‘(C) a nontransient noncommunity water sys-tem; ‘‘(D) a qualified nonprofit organization, as determined by the Administrator, servicing a public water system; and ‘‘(E) a municipality or State, interstate, or intermunicipal agency. ‘‘(2) L
EAD REDUCTION PROJECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘lead reduction project’ means a project or activity the primary purpose of which is to reduce the concentration of lead in water for human consumption by— ‘‘(i) replacement of publicly owned lead serv-ice lines; ‘‘(ii) testing, planning, or other relevant ac-tivities, as determined by the Administrator, to identify and address conditions (including cor-rosion control) that contribute to increased con-centration of lead in water for human consump-tion; and ‘‘(iii) providing assistance to low-income homeowners to replace lead service lines. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The term ‘lead reduction project’ does not include a partial lead service line replacement if, at the conclusion of the service line replacement, drinking water is deliv-ered to a household through a publicly or pri-vately owned portion of a lead service line. ‘‘(3) L
OW-INCOME .—The term ‘low-income’, with respect to an individual provided assist-ance under this section, has such meaning as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7438 December 8, 2016 
may be given the term by the Governor of the State in which the eligible entity is located, based upon the affordability criteria established by the State under section 1452(d)(3). ‘‘(4) L
EAD SERVICE LINE .—The term ‘lead serv-ice line’ means a pipe and its fittings, which are not lead free (as defined in section 1417(d)), that connect the drinking water main to the building inlet. ‘‘(5) N
ONTRANSIENT NONCOMMUNITY WATER  
SYSTEM .—The term ‘nontransient noncommunity water system’ means a public water system that is not a community water system and that regu-larly serves at least 25 of the same persons over 6 months per year. ‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a grant program to provide as-sistance to eligible entities for lead reduction projects in the United States. ‘‘(2) P
RECONDITION .—As a condition of receipt of assistance under this section, an eligible enti-ty shall take steps to identify— ‘‘(A) the source of lead in the public water system that is subject to human consumption; and ‘‘(B) the means by which the proposed lead reduction project would meaningfully reduce the concentration of lead in water provided for human consumption by the applicable public water system. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY APPLICATION .—In providing grants under this subsection, the Administrator shall give priority to an eligible entity that— ‘‘(A) the Administrator determines, based on affordability criteria established by the State under section 1452(d)(3), to be a disadvantaged community; and ‘‘(B) proposes to— ‘‘(i) carry out a lead reduction project at a public water system or nontransient noncommu-nity water system that has exceeded the lead ac-tion level established by the Administrator under section 1412 at any time during the 3-year period preceding the date of submission of the application of the eligible entity; or ‘‘(ii) address lead levels in water for human consumption at a school, daycare, or other facil-ity that primarily serves children or other vul-nerable human subpopulation described in sec-tion 1458(a)(1). ‘‘(4) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the non-Federal share of the total cost of a project funded by a grant under this subsection shall be not less than 20 percent. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Administrator may reduce or eliminate the non-Federal share under sub-paragraph (A) for reasons of affordability, as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(5) L
OW-INCOME ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an eligible entity may use a grant provided under this subsection to provide assistance to low-income homeowners to replace the lead serv-ice lines of such homeowners. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The amount of a grant provided to a low-income homeowner under this paragraph shall not exceed the standard cost of replacement of the privately owned portion of the lead service line. ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION FOR LEAD SERV -
ICE LINE REPLACEMENT .—In carrying out lead service line replacement using a grant under this subsection, an eligible entity— ‘‘(A) shall notify customers of the replacement of any publicly owned portion of the lead serv-ice line; ‘‘(B) may, in the case of a homeowner who is not low-income, offer to replace the privately owned portion of the lead service line at the cost of replacement for that homeowner’s property; ‘‘(C) may, in the case of a low-income home-owner, offer to replace the privately owned por-tion of the lead service line at a cost that is equal to the difference between— ‘‘(i) the cost of replacement; and ‘‘(ii) the amount of assistance available to the low-income homeowner under paragraph (5); ‘‘(D) shall notify each customer that a planned replacement of any publicly owned por-tion of a lead service line that is funded by a grant made under this subsection will not be carried out unless the customer agrees to the si-multaneous replacement of the privately owned portion of the lead service line; and ‘‘(E) shall demonstrate that the eligible entity has considered other options for reducing the concentration of lead in its drinking water, in-cluding an evaluation of options for corrosion control. ‘‘(c) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Not more than 4 percent of funds made available for grants under this section may be used to pay the administrative costs of the Administrator. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section affects whether a public water system is respon-sible for the replacement of a lead service line that is— ‘‘(1) subject to the control of the public water system; and ‘‘(2) located on private property.’’. 
SEC. 2106. NOTICE TO PERSONS SERVED. 
(a) E NFORCEMENT OF DRINKING WATER REGU-
LATIONS .—Section 1414(c) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘N
OTICE TO ’’ and inserting ‘‘N OTICE TO STATES , 
THEADMINISTRATOR , AND’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(F)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Notice that the public water system ex-ceeded the lead action level under section 141.80(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or a prescribed level of lead that the Adminis-trator establishes for public education or notifi-cation in a successor regulation promulgated pursuant to section 1412).’’; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (E)’’; (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘V
IOLATIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘N OTICE OF VIOLA -
TIONS OR EXCEEDANCES ’’; (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (I) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘viola-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘violation, and each exceed-ance described in paragraph (1)(D),’’; and (II) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘viola-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘violation or exceedance’’; (iii) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) be distributed as soon as practicable, but not later than 24 hours, after the public water system learns of the violation or exceedance;’’; (iv) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘or exceed-ance’’ after ‘‘violation’’ each place it appears; (v) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) be provided to the Administrator and the head of the State agency that has primary en-forcement responsibility under section 1413, as applicable, as soon as practicable, but not later than 24 hours after the public water system learns of the violation or exceedance; and’’; and (vi) in clause (iv)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘broadcast media’’ and inserting ‘‘media, including broad-cast media’’; and (II) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘in lieu of notification by means of broadcast media or newspaper’’; (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respectively; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) NOTICE BY THE ADMINISTRATOR .—If the State with primary enforcement responsibility or the owner or operator of a public water system has not issued a notice under subparagraph (C) for an exceedance of the lead action level under section 141.80(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or a prescribed level of lead that the Administrator establishes for public education or notification in a successor regulation promul-gated pursuant to section 1412) that has the po-tential to have serious adverse effects on human health as a result of short-term exposure, not later than 24 hours after the Administrator is notified of the exceedance, the Administrator shall issue the required notice under that sub-paragraph.’’; (4) in paragraph (3)(B), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) and’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A),’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D) of paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (E) of paragraph (2), and notices issued by the Administrator with respect to public water systems serving Indian Tribes under sub-paragraph (D) of that paragraph’’; (5) in paragraph (4)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘the terms’’ and inserting ‘‘the terms ‘action level’,’’; (B) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) If any regulated contaminant is detected in the water purveyed by the public water sys-tem, a statement describing, as applicable— ‘‘(I) the maximum contaminant level goal; ‘‘(II) the maximum contaminant level; ‘‘(III) the level of the contaminant in the water system; ‘‘(IV) the action level for the contaminant; and ‘‘(V) for any contaminant for which there has been a violation of the maximum contaminant level during the year concerned, a brief state-ment in plain language regarding the health concerns that resulted in regulation of the con-taminant, as provided by the Administrator in regulations under subparagraph (A).’’; and (C) in the undesignated matter following clause (vi), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘subclause (IV) of clause (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (iii)(V)’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) E
XCEEDANCE OF LEAD LEVEL AT HOUSE -
HOLDS .— ‘‘(A) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Administrator shall, in collaboration with owners and operators of public water sys-tems and States, establish a strategic plan for how the Administrator, a State with primary en-forcement responsibility, and owners and opera-tors of public water systems shall provide tar-geted outreach, education, technical assistance, and risk communication to populations affected by the concentration of lead in a public water system, including dissemination of information described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) EPA 
INITIATION OF NOTICE .— ‘‘(i) F
ORWARDING OF DATA BY EMPLOYEE OF  
THE AGENCY .—If the Agency develops, or re-ceives from a source other than a State or a public water system, data that meets the re-quirements of section 1412(b)(3)(A)(ii) that indi-cates that the drinking water of a household served by a public water system contains a level of lead that exceeds the lead action level under section 141.80(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or a prescribed level of lead that the Administrator establishes for public education or notification in a successor regulation promul-gated pursuant to section 1412) (referred to in this paragraph as an ‘affected household’), the Administrator shall require an appropriate em-ployee of the Agency to forward the data, and information on the sampling techniques used to obtain the data, to the owner or operator of the public water system and the State in which the affected household is located within a time pe-riod determined by the Administrator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7439 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(ii) D ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION BY  
OWNER OR OPERATOR .—The owner or operator of a public water system shall disseminate to af-fected households the information described in subparagraph (C) within a time period estab-lished by the Administrator, if the owner or op-erator— ‘‘(I) receives data and information under clause (i); and ‘‘(II) has not, since the date of the test that developed the data, notified the affected house-holds— ‘‘(aa) with respect to the concentration of lead in the drinking water of the affected house-holds; and ‘‘(bb) that the concentration of lead in the drinking water of the affected households ex-ceeds the lead action level under section 141.80(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or a prescribed level of lead that the Adminis-trator establishes for public education or notifi-cation in a successor regulation promulgated pursuant to section 1412). ‘‘(iii) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(I) D
EADLINE .—If the owner or operator of the public water system does not disseminate to the affected households the information de-scribed in subparagraph (C) as required under clause (ii) within the time period established by the Administrator, not later than 24 hours after the Administrator becomes aware of the failure by the owner or operator of the public water system to disseminate the information, the Ad-ministrator shall consult, within a period not to exceed 24 hours, with the applicable Governor to develop a plan, in accordance with the strategic plan, to disseminate the information to the af-fected households not later than 24 hours after the end of the consultation period. ‘‘(II) D
ELEGATION .—The Administrator may only delegate the duty to consult under sub-clause (I) to an employee of the Agency who, as of the date of the delegation, works in the Office of Water at the headquarters of the Agency. ‘‘(iv) D
ISSEMINATION BY ADMINISTRATOR .—The Administrator shall, as soon as practicable, dis-seminate to affected households the information described in subparagraph (C) if— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the public water system does not disseminate the information to the affected households within the time period determined by the Administrator, as required by clause (ii); and ‘‘(II)(aa) the Administrator and the applicable Governor do not agree on a plan described in clause (iii)(I) during the consultation period under that clause; or ‘‘(bb) the applicable Governor does not dis-seminate the information within 24 hours after the end of the consultation period. ‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The informa-tion described in this subparagraph includes— ‘‘(i) a clear explanation of the potential ad-verse effects on human health of drinking water that contains a concentration of lead that ex-ceeds the lead action level under section 141.80(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or a prescribed level of lead that the Adminis-trator establishes for public education or notifi-cation in a successor regulation promulgated pursuant to section 1412); ‘‘(ii) the steps that the owner or operator of the public water system is taking to mitigate the concentration of lead; and ‘‘(iii) the necessity of seeking alternative water supplies until the date on which the con-centration of lead is mitigated. ‘‘(6) P
RIVACY .—Any notice to the public or an affected household under this subsection shall protect the privacy of individual customer infor-mation.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF LEADPIPES, SOL-
DER, ANDFLUX.—Section 1417 of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–6) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
UBLIC EDUCATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall make information available to the public regard-ing lead in drinking water, including informa-tion regarding— ‘‘(A) risks associated with lead in drinking water; ‘‘(B) the conditions that contribute to drink-ing water containing lead in a residence; ‘‘(C) steps that States, public water systems, and consumers can take to reduce the risks of lead in drinking water; and ‘‘(D) the availability of additional resources that consumers can use to minimize lead expo-sure, including information on sampling for lead in drinking water. ‘‘(2) VULNERABLE POPULATIONS .—In making information available to the public under this subsection, the Administrator shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, carry out tar-geted outreach strategies that focus on edu-cating groups within the general population that may be at greater risk than the general population of adverse health effects from expo-sure to lead in drinking water.’’. 
SEC. 2107. LEAD TESTING IN SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE PROGRAM DRINKING WATER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1464 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–24) is amended by striking subsection (d) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(d) V
OLUNTARY SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE P
ROGRAM LEADTESTING GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
HILD CARE PROGRAM .—The term ‘child care program’ has the meaning given the term ‘early childhood education program’ in section 103(8) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003(8)). ‘‘(B) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘local educational agency’ means— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); ‘‘(ii) a tribal education agency (as defined in section 3 of the National Environmental Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 5502)); and ‘‘(iii) a person that owns or operates a child care program facility. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Water and Waste Act of 2016, the Administrator shall estab-lish a voluntary school and child care program lead testing grant program to make grants avail-able to States to assist local educational agen-cies in voluntary testing for lead contamination in drinking water at schools and child care pro-grams under the jurisdiction of the local edu-cational agencies. ‘‘(B) D
IRECT GRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—The Administrator may make a grant for the voluntary testing described in sub-paragraph (A) directly available to— ‘‘(i) any local educational agency described in clause (i) or (iii) of paragraph (1)(B) located in a State that does not participate in the vol-untary grant program established under sub-paragraph (A); or ‘‘(ii) any local educational agency described in clause (ii) of paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, a State or local educational agency shall submit to the Adminis-trator an application at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the Ad-ministrator may require. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Not more than 4 percent of grant funds accepted by a State or local educational agency for a fiscal year under this subsection shall be used to pay the administrative costs of carrying out this sub-section. ‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE ; PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—As a condition of receiving a grant under this sub-section, the recipient State or local educational agency shall ensure that each local educational agency to which grant funds are distributed shall— ‘‘(A) expend grant funds in accordance with— ‘‘(i) the guidance of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency entitled ‘3Ts for Reducing Lead in Drinking Water in Schools: Revised Technical Guidance’ and dated October 2006 (or any suc-cessor guidance); or ‘‘(ii) applicable State regulations or guidance regarding reducing lead in drinking water in schools and child care programs that are not less stringent than the guidance referred to in clause (i); and ‘‘(B)(i) make available, if applicable, in the administrative offices and, to the extent prac-ticable, on the Internet website of the local edu-cational agency for inspection by the public (in-cluding teachers, other school personnel, and parents) a copy of the results of any voluntary testing for lead contamination in school and child care program drinking water carried out using grant funds under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) notify parent, teacher, and employee or-ganizations of the availability of the results de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(6) MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—If resources are available to a State or local educational agency from any other Federal agency, a State, or a private foundation for testing for lead con-tamination in drinking water, the State or local educational agency shall demonstrate that the funds provided under this subsection will not displace those resources. ‘‘(7) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—Section 1465 of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–25) is repealed. 
SEC. 2108. WATER SUPPLY COST SAVINGS. 
(a) D RINKING WATER TECHNOLOGY CLEARING -
HOUSE .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall— (1) develop a technology clearinghouse for in-formation on the cost-effectiveness of innovative and alternative drinking water delivery systems, including wells and well systems; and (2) disseminate such information to the public and to communities and not-for-profit organiza-tions seeking Federal funding for drinking water delivery systems serving 500 or fewer per-sons. (b) W
ATER SYSTEM ASSESSMENT .—In any ap-plication for a grant or loan for the purpose of construction, replacement, or rehabilitation of a drinking water delivery system serving 500 or fewer persons, the funding for which would come from the Federal Government (either di-rectly or through a State), a unit of local gov-ernment or not-for-profit organization shall self- certify that the unit of local government or or-ganization has considered, as an alternative drinking water supply, drinking water delivery systems sourced by publicly owned— (1) individual wells; (2) shared wells; and (3) community wells. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that de-scribes— (1) the use of innovative and alternative drinking water delivery systems described in this section; (2) the range of cost savings for communities using innovative and alternative drinking water delivery systems described in this section; and (3) the use of drinking water technical assist-ance programs operated by the Administrator and the Secretary of Agriculture. 
SEC. 2109. INNOVATION IN THE PROVISION OF SAFE DRINKING WATER. 
(a) I NNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGIES .—Sec- tion 1442(a)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–1(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (E) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7440 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(F) innovative water technologies (including technologies to improve water treatment to en-sure compliance with this title and technologies to identify and mitigate sources of drinking water contamination, including lead contamina-tion).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1442 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-1) is amended— (1) in the heading for subsection (e), by insert-ing ‘‘
TOSMALL PUBLIC WATER SYSTEMS ’’ after ‘‘A
SSISTANCE ’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR INNOVATIVE  W
ATER TECHNOLOGIES .— ‘‘(1) The Administrator may provide technical assistance to public water systems to facilitate use of innovative water technologies. ‘‘(2) There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator for use in providing tech-nical assistance under paragraph (1) $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Water and Waste Act of 2016, and not less frequently than every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall report to Congress on— (1) the amount of funding used to provide technical assistance under section 1442(f) of the Safe Drinking Water Act to deploy innovative water technologies; (2) the barriers impacting greater use of inno-vative water technologies; and (3) the cost-saving potential to cities and fu-ture infrastructure investments from innovative water technologies. 
SEC. 2110. SMALL SYSTEM TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 1452(q) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(q)) is amended by striking ‘‘appropriated’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2003’’ and inserting ‘‘made available to carry out this section for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 2111. DEFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE. 
Section 1401(14) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300(f)(14)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1452’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 1452, 1459A, and 1459B’’. 
SEC. 2112. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR TRIBAL WATER SYSTEMS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1442(e)(7) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 1(e)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘Tribes’’ and in-serting ‘‘Tribes, including grants to provide training and operator certification services under section 1452(i)(5)’’. (b) I
NDIAN TRIBES .—Section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(i)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Tribes and Alaska Native villages’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribes, Alaska Native villages, and, for the purpose of carrying out paragraph (5), inter-tribal consortia or tribal organizations,’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The grants’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise pro-vided, the grants’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) T
RAINING AND OPERATOR CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may use funds made available under this subsection and section 1442(e)(7) to make grants to intertribal consortia or tribal organizations for the purpose of providing operations and maintenance train-ing and operator certification services to Indian Tribes to enable public water systems that serve Indian Tribes to achieve and maintain compli-ance with applicable national primary drinking water regulations. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—Inter- tribal consortia or tribal organizations eligible for a grant under subparagraph (A) are inter-tribal consortia or tribal organizations that— ‘‘(i) as determined by the Administrator, are the most qualified and experienced to provide training and technical assistance to Indian Tribes; and ‘‘(ii) the Indian Tribes find to be the most ben-eficial and effective.’’. SEC. 2113. MATERIALS REQUIREMENT FOR CER-TAIN FEDERALLY FUNDED PROJECTS. 
Section 1452(a) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
MERICAN IRON AND STEEL PRODUCTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During fiscal year 2017, funds made available from a State loan fund es-tablished pursuant to this section may not be used for a project for the construction, alter-ation, or repair of a public water system unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION OF IRON AND STEEL PROD -
UCTS.—In this paragraph, the term ‘iron and steel products’ means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: ‘‘(i) Lined or unlined pipes and fittings. ‘‘(ii) Manhole covers and other municipal castings. ‘‘(iii) Hydrants. ‘‘(iv) Tanks. ‘‘(v) Flanges. ‘‘(vi) Pipe clamps and restraints. ‘‘(vii) Valves. ‘‘(viii) Structural steel. ‘‘(ix) Reinforced precast concrete. ‘‘(x) Construction materials. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall be waived in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator finds that— ‘‘(i) applying subparagraph (A) would be in-consistent with the public interest; ‘‘(ii) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reason-ably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or ‘‘(iii) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. ‘‘(D) W
AIVER .—If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this paragraph, the Administrator shall make available to the pub-lic, on an informal basis, a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for in-formal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the re-quest. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official pub-lic Internet site of the Agency. ‘‘(E) I
NTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS .—This paragraph shall be applied in a manner con-sistent with United States obligations under international agreements. ‘‘(F) M
ANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT .—The Ad- ministrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated for this section for manage-ment and oversight of the requirements of this paragraph. ‘‘(G) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This paragraph does not apply with respect to a project if a State agency approves the engineering plans and specifications for the project, in that agency’s capacity to approve such plans and specifica-tions prior to a project requesting bids, prior to the date of enactment of this paragraph.’’. Subtitle B—Drinking Water Disaster Relief and Infrastructure Investments 
SEC. 2201. DRINKING WATER INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible State’’ means a State for which the President has de-clared an emergency under the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) relating to the public health threats associated with the presence of lead or other contaminants in drinking water provided by a public water system. (2) ELIGIBLE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘eligible sys-tem’’ means a public water system that has been the subject of an emergency declaration referred to in paragraph (1). (3) L
EAD SERVICE LINE .—The term ‘‘lead serv-ice line’’ means a pipe and its fittings, which are not lead free (as defined under section 1417 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g– 6)), that connect the drinking water main to the building inlet. (4) P
UBLIC WATER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘public water system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1401(4) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f(4)). (b) S
TATE REVOLVING LOAN FUND ASSIST-
ANCE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible system shall be— (A) considered to be a disadvantaged commu-nity under section 1452(d) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)); and (B) eligible to receive loans with additional subsidization under section 1452(d)(1) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)(1)), including forgive-ness of principal under that section. (2) A
UTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Using funds provided pursu-ant to subsection (d), an eligible State may pro-vide assistance to an eligible system within the eligible State for the purpose of addressing lead or other contaminants in drinking water, in-cluding repair and replacement of lead service lines and public water system infrastructure. (B) I
NCLUSION .—Assistance provided under subparagraph (A) may include additional sub-sidization under section 1452(d)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)(1)), as described in paragraph (1)(B). (C) E
XCLUSION .—Assistance provided under subparagraph (A) shall not include assistance for a project that is financed (directly or indi-rectly), in whole or in part, with proceeds of any obligation issued after the date of enact-ment of this Act— (i) the interest of which is exempt from the tax imposed under chapter 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986; or (ii) with respect to which credit is allowable under subpart I or J of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of such Code. (3) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .—Section 1452(d)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)(2)) shall not apply to— (A) any funds provided pursuant to sub-section (d) of this section; (B) any other assistance provided to an eligi-ble system; or (C) any funds required to match the funds provided under subsection (d). (c) N
ONDUPLICATION OF WORK.—An activity carried out pursuant to this section shall not duplicate the work or activity of any other Fed-eral or State department or agency. (d) A
DDITIONAL DRINKING WATER STATE RE-
VOLVING FUNDCAPITALIZATION GRANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to the Administrator a total of $100,000,000 to provide additional capitalization grants to eligible States pursuant to section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12), to be available for a period of 18 months be-ginning on the date on which the funds are made available, for the purposes described in subsection (b)(2), and after the end of the 18- month period, until expended for the purposes described in paragraph (3). (2) S
UPPLEMENTED INTENDED USE PLANS .— From funds made available under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall obligate to an eligi-ble State such amounts as are necessary to meet the needs identified in a supplemented intended use plan for the purposes described in sub-section (b)(2) by not later than 30 days after the date on which the eligible State submits to the Administrator a supplemented intended use plan under section 1452(b) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)) that includes preapplication information regarding projects to be funded using the additional assistance, in-cluding, with respect to each such project— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7441 December 8, 2016 
(A) a description of the project; (B) an explanation of the means by which the project will address a situation causing a de-clared emergency in the eligible State; (C) the estimated cost of the project; and (D) the projected start date for construction of the project. (3) U
NOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—Any amounts made available to the Administrator under para-graph (1) that are unobligated on the date that is 18 months after the date on which the amounts are made available shall be available to provide additional grants to States to capitalize State loan funds as provided under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12). (4) A
PPLICABILITY .— (A) Section 1452(b)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)(1)) shall not apply to a supplement to an intended use plan under paragraph (2). (B) Unless explicitly waived, all requirements under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) shall apply to funding provided under this subsection. (e) H
EALTH EFFECTS EVALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Pursuant to section 104(i)(1)(E) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(1)(E)), and on receipt of a request of an appropriate State or local health official of an eligible State, the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Reg-istry of the National Center for Environmental Health shall in coordination with other agen-cies, as appropriate, conduct voluntary surveil-lance activities to evaluate any adverse health effects on individuals exposed to lead from drinking water in the affected communities. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—Pursuant to section 104(i)(4) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(4)), and on receipt of a re-quest of an appropriate State or local health of-ficial of an eligible State, the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Reg-istry of the National Center for Environmental Health shall provide consultations regarding health issues described in paragraph (1). (f) N
OEFFECT ON OTHER PROJECTS .—This sec- tion shall not affect the application of any pro-vision of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) or the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) to any project that does not receive assist-ance pursuant to this subtitle. 
SEC. 2202. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that secured loans under the Water Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) shall be— (1) initially appropriated at $20,000,000; and (2) used for eligible projects, including those to address lead and other contaminants in drinking water systems. 
SEC. 2203. REGISTRY FOR LEAD EXPOSURE AND ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means a city ex-posed to lead contamination in the local drink-ing water system. (2) C
OMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Committee’’ means the Advisory Committee established under subsection (c). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (b) L
EADEXPOSURE REGISTRY .—The Secretary shall establish within the Agency for Toxic Sub-stances and Disease Registry or the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention at the discretion of the Secretary, or establish through a grant award or contract, a lead exposure registry to collect data on the lead exposure of residents of a City on a voluntary basis. (c) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish, within the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry an Advisory Committee in coordination with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other rel-evant agencies as determined by the Secretary consisting of Federal members and non-Federal members, and which shall include— (i) an epidemiologist; (ii) a toxicologist; (iii) a mental health professional; (iv) a pediatrician; (v) an early childhood education expert; (vi) a special education expert; (vii) a dietician; and (viii) an environmental health expert. (B) REQUIREMENTS .—Membership in the Com-mittee shall not exceed 15 members and not less than 
1⁄2of the members shall be Federal mem-bers. (2) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall designate a chair from among the Federal members ap-pointed to the Committee. (3) T
ERMS .—Members of the Committee shall serve for a term of not more than 3 years and the Secretary may reappoint members for con-secutive terms. (4) A
PPLICATION OF FACA .—The Committee shall be subject to the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (5) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Committee shall, at a minimum— (A) review the Federal programs and services available to individuals and communities ex-posed to lead; (B) review current research on lead poisoning to identify additional research needs; (C) review and identify best practices, or the need for best practices, regarding lead screening and the prevention of lead poisoning; (D) identify effective services, including serv-ices relating to healthcare, education, and nu-trition for individuals and communities affected by lead exposure and lead poisoning, including in consultation with, as appropriate, the lead exposure registry as established in subsection (b); and (E) undertake any other review or activities that the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (6) R
EPORT .—Annually for 5 years and there-after as determined necessary by the Secretary or as required by Congress, the Committee shall submit to the Secretary, the Committees on Fi-nance, Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, and Agri-culture of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (A) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Federal programs and services available to indi-viduals and communities exposed to lead; (B) an evaluation of additional lead poisoning research needs; (C) an assessment of any effective screening methods or best practices used or developed to prevent or screen for lead poisoning; (D) input and recommendations for improved access to effective services relating to health care, education, or nutrition for individuals and communities impacted by lead exposure; and (E) any other recommendations for commu-nities affected by lead exposure, as appropriate. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for the period of fiscal years 2017 through 2021— (1) $17,500,000 to carry out subsection (b); and (2) $2,500,000 to carry out subsection (c). 
SEC. 2204. OTHER LEAD PROGRAMS. 
(a) C HILDHOOD LEADPOISONING PREVENTION  P
ROGRAM .—In addition to amounts made avail-able through the Prevention and Public Health Fund established under section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 300u-11) to carry out sec-tion 317A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b-1), there are authorized to be appro-priated for the period of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, $15,000,000 for carrying out such section 317A. (b) HEALTHY START PROGRAM .—There are au-thorized to be appropriated for the period of fis-cal years 2017 and 2018 $15,000,000 to carry out the Healthy Start Initiative under section 330H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c– 8). Subtitle C—Control of Coal Combustion Residuals 
SEC. 2301. APPROVAL OF STATE PROGRAMS FOR CONTROL OF COAL COMBUSTION RE-SIDUALS. 
Section 4005 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6945) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
TATE PROGRAMS FOR CONTROL OF COAL C
OMBUSTION RESIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL BY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each State may submit to the Administrator, in such form as the Adminis-trator may establish, evidence of a permit pro-gram or other system of prior approval and con-ditions under State law for regulation by the State of coal combustion residuals units that are located in the State that, after approval by the Administrator, will operate in lieu of regulation of coal combustion residuals units in the State by— ‘‘(i) application of part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a)); or ‘‘(ii) implementation by the Administrator of a permit program under paragraph (2)(B). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which a State submits the evi-dence described in subparagraph (A), the Ad-ministrator, after public notice and an oppor-tunity for public comment, shall approve, in whole or in part, a permit program or other sys-tem of prior approval and conditions submitted under subparagraph (A) if the Administrator de-termines that the program or other system re-quires each coal combustion residuals unit lo-cated in the State to achieve compliance with— ‘‘(i) the applicable criteria for coal combustion residuals units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a)); or ‘‘(ii) such other State criteria that the Admin-istrator, after consultation with the State, deter-mines to be at least as protective as the criteria described in clause (i). ‘‘(C) P
ERMIT REQUIREMENTS .—The Adminis-trator shall approve under subparagraph (B)(ii) a State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions that allows a State to include technical standards for individual per-mits or conditions of approval that differ from the criteria under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a)) if, based on site-specific conditions, the Administrator determines that the technical standards established pursuant to a State permit program or other system are at least as protec-tive as the criteria under that part. ‘‘(D) P
ROGRAM REVIEW AND NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) P
ROGRAM REVIEW .—The Administrator shall review a State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions that is approved under subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(I) from time to time, as the Administrator determines necessary, but not less frequently than once every 12 years; ‘‘(II) not later than 3 years after the date on which the Administrator revises the applicable criteria for coal combustion residuals units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a)); ‘‘(III) not later than 1 year after the date of a significant release (as defined by the Adminis-trator), that was not authorized at the time the release occurred, from a coal combustion residu-als unit located in the State; and ‘‘(IV) on request of any other State that as-serts that the soil, groundwater, or surface 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7442 December 8, 2016 
water of the State is or is likely to be adversely affected by a release or potential release from a coal combustion residuals unit located in the State for which the program or other system was approved. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION AND OPPORTUNITY FOR A  
PUBLIC HEARING .—The Administrator shall pro-vide to a State notice of deficiencies with respect to the permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions of the State that is ap-proved under subparagraph (B), and an oppor-tunity for a public hearing, if the Administrator determines that— ‘‘(I) a revision or correction to the permit pro-gram or other system of prior approval and con-ditions of the State is necessary to ensure that the permit program or other system of prior ap-proval and conditions continues to ensure that each coal combustion residuals unit located in the State achieves compliance with the criteria described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B); ‘‘(II) the State has not implemented an ade-quate permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions that requires each coal combustion residuals unit located in the State to achieve compliance with the criteria described in subparagraph (B); or ‘‘(III) the State has, at any time, approved or failed to revoke a permit for a coal combustion residuals unit, a release from which adversely affects or is likely to adversely affect the soil, groundwater, or surface water of another State. ‘‘(E) W
ITHDRAWAL .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall withdraw approval of a State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions if, after the Administrator provides notice and an opportunity for a public hearing to the relevant State under subparagraph (D)(ii), the Adminis-trator determines that the State has not cor-rected the deficiencies identified by the Adminis-trator under subparagraph (D)(ii). ‘‘(ii) R
EINSTATEMENT OF STATE APPROVAL .— Any withdrawal of approval under clause (i) shall cease to be effective on the date on which the Administrator makes a determination that the State has corrected the deficiencies identi-fied by the Administrator under subparagraph (D)(ii). ‘‘(2) N
ONPARTICIPATING STATES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF NONPARTICIPATING  
STATE .—In this paragraph, the term ‘nonpartici-pating State’ means a State— ‘‘(i) for which the Administrator has not ap-proved a State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions under para-graph (1)(B); ‘‘(ii) the Governor of which has not submitted to the Administrator for approval evidence to operate a State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions under para-graph (1)(A); ‘‘(iii) the Governor of which provides notice to the Administrator that, not fewer than 90 days after the date on which the Governor provides the notice to the Administrator, the State will relinquish an approval under paragraph (1)(B) to operate a permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions; or ‘‘(iv) for which the Administrator has with-drawn approval for a permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions under paragraph (1)(E). ‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PERMIT PROGRAM .— In the case of a nonparticipating State and sub-ject to the availability of appropriations specifi-cally provided in an appropriations Act to carry out a program in a nonparticipating State, the Administrator shall implement a permit program to require each coal combustion residuals unit located in the nonparticipating State to achieve compliance with applicable criteria established by the Administrator under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regu-lations promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a)). ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF CRITERIA .—The appli-cable criteria for coal combustion residuals units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a)), shall apply to each coal combustion residuals unit in a State unless— ‘‘(A) a permit under a State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions approved by the Administrator under paragraph (1)(B) is in effect for the coal combustion residu-als unit; or ‘‘(B) a permit issued by the Administrator in a State in which the Administrator is imple-menting a permit program under paragraph (2)(B) is in effect for the coal combustion residu-als unit. ‘‘(4) PROHIBITION ON OPEN DUMPING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may use the authority provided by sections 3007 and 3008 to enforce the prohibition on open dumping under subsection (a) with respect to a coal com-bustion residuals unit— ‘‘(i) in a nonparticipating State (as defined in paragraph (2)); and ‘‘(ii) located in a State that is approved to op-erate a permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions under paragraph (1)(B), in accordance with subparagraph (B) of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL ENFORCEMENT IN AN APPROVED  
STATE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a coal com-bustion residuals unit located in a State that is approved to operate a permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions under paragraph (1)(B), the Administrator may com-mence an administrative or judicial enforcement action under section 3008 if— ‘‘(I) the State requests that the Administrator provide assistance in the performance of an en-forcement action; or ‘‘(II) after consideration of any other adminis-trative or judicial enforcement action involving the coal combustion residuals unit, the Adminis-trator determines that an enforcement action is likely to be necessary to ensure that the coal combustion residuals unit is operating in ac-cordance with the criteria established under the permit program or other system of prior ap-proval and conditions. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—In the case of an en-forcement action by the Administrator under clause (i)(II), before issuing an order or com-mencing a civil action, the Administrator shall notify the State in which the coal combustion residuals unit is located. ‘‘(iii) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), not later than December 31, 2017, and December 31 of each year thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report that describes any en-forcement action commenced under clause (i), including a description of the basis for the en-forcement action. ‘‘(II) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subclause (I) shall not apply for any calendar year during which the Administrator does not commence an enforce-ment action under clause (i). ‘‘(5) I
NDIAN COUNTRY .—The Administrator shall establish and carry out a permit program, in accordance with this subsection, for coal combustion residuals units in Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code) to require each coal combustion re-siduals unit located in Indian country to achieve compliance with the applicable criteria established by the Administrator under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations promulgated pursuant to sec-tions 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a)). ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF COAL COMBUSTION RESIDU -
ALS UNITS .—A coal combustion residuals unit shall be considered to be a sanitary landfill for purposes of this Act, including subsection (a), only if the coal combustion residuals unit is op-erating in accordance with— ‘‘(A) the requirements of a permit issued by— ‘‘(i) the State in accordance with a program or system approved under paragraph (1)(B); or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator pursuant to paragraph (2)(B) or paragraph (5); or ‘‘(B) the applicable criteria for coal combus-tion residuals units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regu-lations promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a)). ‘‘(7) EFFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection affects any authority, regulatory de-termination, other law, or legal obligation in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of the Water and Waste Act of 2016.’’. TITLE III—NATURAL RESOURCES Subtitle A—Indian Dam Safety 
SEC. 3101. INDIAN DAM SAFETY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
AM.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘dam’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Na-tional Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467). (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘dam’’ includes any structure, facility, equipment, or vehicle used in connection with the operation of a dam. (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means, as appli-cable— (A) the High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety De-ferred Maintenance Fund established by sub-section (b)(1)(A); or (B) the Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety De-ferred Maintenance Fund established by sub-section (b)(2)(A). (3) H
IGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAM .—The term ‘‘high hazard potential dam’’ means a dam as-signed to the significant or high hazard poten-tial classification under the guidelines published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency entitled ‘‘Federal Guidelines for Dam Safety: Hazard Potential Classification System for Dams’’ (FEMA Publication Number 333). (4) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (5) L
OW HAZARD POTENTIAL DAM .—The term ‘‘low hazard potential dam’’ means a dam as-signed to the low hazard potential classification under the guidelines published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency entitled ‘‘Fed-eral Guidelines for Dam Safety: Hazard Poten-tial Classification System for Dams’’ (FEMA Publication Number 333). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, in con-sultation with the Secretary of the Army. (b) I
NDIAN DAMSAFETY DEFERRED MAINTE -
NANCE FUNDS.— (1) H
IGH-HAZARD FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund’’, consisting of— (i) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under subparagraph (B); and (ii) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under subparagraph (D). (B) D
EPOSITS TO FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023, the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit in the Fund $22,750,000 from the general fund of the Treasury. (ii) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts de-posited in the Fund under clause (i) shall be used, subject to appropriation, to carry out this section. (C) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023, the Sec-retary may, to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, expend from the Fund, in accordance with this section, not more than the sum of— (I) $22,750,000; and (II) the amount of interest accrued in the Fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7443 December 8, 2016 
(ii) A DDITIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The Sec- retary may expend more than $22,750,000 for any fiscal year referred to in clause (i) if the addi-tional amounts are available in the Fund as a result of a failure of the Secretary to expend all of the amounts available under clause (i) in 1 or more prior fiscal years. (D) I
NVESTMENTS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Secretary, required to meet current withdrawals. (ii) C
REDITS TO FUND .—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a part of, the Fund. (E) T
RANSFERS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this paragraph shall be transferred at least monthly. (ii) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates are in excess of or less than the amounts required to be transferred. (F) T
ERMINATION .—On September 30, 2023— (i) the Fund shall terminate; and (ii) the unexpended and unobligated balance of the Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury. (2) L
OW-HAZARD FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund’’, consisting of— (i) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under subparagraph (B); and (ii) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under subparagraph (D). (B) D
EPOSITS TO FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023, the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit in the Fund $10,000,000 from the general fund of the Treasury. (ii) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts de-posited in the Fund under clause (i) shall be used, subject to appropriation, to carry out this section. (C) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023, the Sec-retary may, to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, expend from the Fund, in accordance with this section, not more than the sum of— (I) $10,000,000; and (II) the amount of interest accrued in the Fund. (ii) A
DDITIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The Sec- retary may expend more than $10,000,000 for any fiscal year referred to in clause (i) if the addi-tional amounts are available in the Fund as a result of a failure of the Secretary to expend all of the amounts available under clause (i) in 1 or more prior fiscal years. (D) I
NVESTMENTS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Secretary, required to meet current withdrawals. (ii) C
REDITS TO FUND .—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a part of, the Fund. (E) T
RANSFERS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this paragraph shall be transferred at least monthly. (ii) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates are in excess of or less than the amounts required to be transferred. (F) T
ERMINATION .—On September 30, 2023— (i) the Fund shall terminate; and (ii) the unexpended and unobligated balance of the Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury. (c) R
EPAIR , REPLACEMENT , ANDMAINTENANCE  
OFCERTAIN INDIAN DAMS.— (1) PROGRAM ESTABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a program to address the deferred mainte-nance needs of Indian dams that— (i) create flood risks or other risks to public or employee safety or natural or cultural resources; and (ii) unduly impede the management and effi-ciency of Indian dams. (B) F
UNDING .— (i) H
IGH-HAZARD FUND .—Consistent with sub-section (b)(1)(B), the Secretary shall use or transfer to the Bureau of Indian Affairs not less than $22,750,000 of amounts in the High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund, plus accrued interest, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023 to carry out mainte-nance, repair, and replacement activities for 1 or more of the Indian dams described in paragraph (2)(A). (ii) L
OW-HAZARD FUND .—Consistent with sub-section (b)(2)(B), the Secretary shall use or transfer to the Bureau of Indian Affairs not less than $10,000,000 of amounts in the Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund, plus accrued interest, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023 to carry out mainte-nance, repair, and replacement activities for 1 or more of the Indian dams described in paragraph (2)(B). (C) C
OMPLIANCE WITH DAM SAFETY POLICIES .— Maintenance, repair, and replacement activities for Indian dams under this section shall be car-ried out in accordance with the dam safety poli-cies of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs established to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (2) E
LIGIBLE DAMS .— (A) H
IGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAMS .—The dams eligible for funding under paragraph (1)(B)(i) are Indian high hazard potential dams in the United States that— (i) are included in the safety of dams program established pursuant to the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); and (iii)(I)(aa) are owned by the Federal Govern-ment, as listed in the Federal inventory required by Executive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; re-lating to Federal real property asset manage-ment); and (bb) are managed by the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs (including dams managed under contracts or compacts pursuant to the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.)); or (II) have deferred maintenance documented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (B) L
OW HAZARD POTENTIAL DAMS .—The dams eligible for funding under paragraph (1)(B)(ii) are Indian low hazard potential dams in the United States that, on the date of enactment of this Act— (i) are covered under the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); and (ii)(I)(aa) are owned by the Federal Govern-ment, as listed in the Federal inventory required by Executive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; re-lating to Federal real property asset manage-ment); and (bb) are managed by the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs (including dams managed under contracts or compacts pursuant to the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.)); or (II) have deferred maintenance documented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS AND CONDITIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act and as a precondition to amounts being ex-pended from the Fund to carry out this sub-section, the Secretary, in consultation with rep-resentatives of affected Indian tribes, shall de-velop and submit to Congress— (A) programmatic goals to carry out this sub-section that— (i) would enable the completion of repairing, replacing, improving, or performing mainte-nance on Indian dams as expeditiously as prac-ticable, subject to the dam safety policies of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs estab-lished to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); (ii) facilitate or improve the ability of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs to carry out the mission of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in operating an Indian dam; and (iii) ensure that the results of government-to- government consultation required under para-graph (4) be addressed; and (B) funding prioritization criteria to serve as a methodology for distributing funds under this subsection that take into account— (i) the extent to which deferred maintenance of Indian dams poses a threat to— (I) public or employee safety or health; (II) natural or cultural resources; or (III) the ability of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs to carry out the mission of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in operating an Indian dam; (ii) the extent to which repairing, replacing, improving, or performing maintenance on an In-dian dam will— (I) improve public or employee safety, health, or accessibility; (II) assist in compliance with codes, stand-ards, laws, or other requirements; (III) address unmet needs; or (IV) assist in protecting natural or cultural resources; (iii) the methodology of the rehabilitation pri-ority index of the Secretary, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; (iv) the potential economic benefits of the ex-penditures on job creation and general economic development in the affected tribal communities; (v) the ability of an Indian dam to address tribal, regional, and watershed level flood pre-vention needs; (vi) the need to comply with the dam safety policies of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs established to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); (vii) the ability of the water storage capacity of an Indian dam to be increased to prevent flooding in downstream tribal and nontribal communities; and (viii) such other factors as the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate to prioritize the use of available funds that are, to the fullest extent practicable, consistent with tribal and user rec-ommendations received pursuant to the con-sultation and input process under paragraph (4). (4) TRIBAL CONSULTATION AND USER INPUT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), before expending funds on an Indian dam pursuant to paragraph (1) and not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (i) consult with the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs on the expenditure of funds; (ii) ensure that the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs advises the Indian tribe that has jurisdiction over the land on which a dam eligi-ble to receive funding under paragraph (2) is lo-cated on the expenditure of funds; and (iii) solicit and consider the input, comments, and recommendations of the landowners served by the Indian dam. (B) E
MERGENCIES .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an emergency circumstance exists with respect to an Indian dam, subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to that Indian dam. (5) A
LLOCATION AMONG DAMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), to the maximum extent practicable, the Sec-retary shall ensure that, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023, each Indian dam eligible for funding under paragraph (2) that has critical maintenance needs receives part of the funding under paragraph (1) to address critical mainte-nance needs. (B) P
RIORITY .—In allocating amounts under paragraph (1)(B), in addition to considering the funding priorities described in paragraph (3), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7444 December 8, 2016 
the Secretary shall give priority to Indian dams eligible for funding under paragraph (2) that serve— (i) more than 1 Indian tribe within an Indian reservation; or (ii) highly populated Indian communities, as determined by the Secretary. (C) C
AP ON FUNDING .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), in allo-cating amounts under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall allocate not more than $10,000,000 to any individual dam described in paragraph (2) during any consecutive 3-year pe-riod. (ii) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the cap de-scribed in clause (i), if the full amount under paragraph (1)(B) cannot be fully allocated to el-igible Indian dams because the costs of the re-maining activities authorized in paragraph (1)(B) of an Indian dam would exceed the cap described in clause (i), the Secretary may allo-cate the remaining funds to eligible Indian dams in accordance with this subsection. (D) B
ASIS OF FUNDING .—Any amounts made available under this paragraph shall be nonre-imbursable. (E) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA .—The Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) shall apply to activi-ties carried out under this paragraph. (d) T
RIBAL SAFETY OF DAMSCOMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF COMMITTEE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall establish within the Bureau of In-dian Affairs the Tribal Safety of Dams Com-mittee (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Committee’’). (B) M
EMBERSHIP .— (i) C
OMPOSITION .—The Committee shall be composed of 15 members, of whom— (I) 11 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among individuals who, to the maximum extent practicable, have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood prevention and mitigation, of whom not less than 1 shall be a member of an Indian tribe in each of the Bureau of Indian Affairs regions of— (aa) the Northwest Region; (bb) the Pacific Region; (cc) the Western Region; (dd) the Navajo Region; (ee) the Southwest Region; (ff) the Rocky Mountain Region; (gg) the Great Plans Region; and (hh) the Midwest Region; (II) 2 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among employees of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood preven-tion and mitigation; (III) 1 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among employees of the Bu-reau of Reclamation who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood preven-tion and mitigation; and (IV) 1 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Army from among employees of the Corps of Engineers who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood prevention and miti-gation. (ii) N
ONVOTING MEMBERS .—The members of the Committee appointed under subclauses (II) and (III) of clause (i) shall be nonvoting mem-bers. (iii) D
ATE.—The appointments of the members of the Committee shall be made as soon as prac-ticable after the date of enactment of this Act. (C) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the Committee. (D) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-mittee shall not affect the powers of the Com-mittee, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (E) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Com-mittee have been appointed, the Committee shall hold the first meeting. (F) MEETINGS .—The Committee shall meet at the call of the Chairperson. (G) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. (H) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— The Committee shall select a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson from among the members. (2) D
UTIES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Committee shall conduct a thorough study of all matters relating to the modernization of the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Committee shall develop recommendations for legislation to im-prove the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Committee holds the first meeting, the Committee shall submit a report containing a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Committee, together with recommendations for legislation that the Com-mittee considers appropriate, to— (i) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (3) P
OWERS OF THE COMMITTEE .— (A) H
EARINGS .—The Committee may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Committee considers appropriate to carry out this paragraph. (B) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may secure directly from any Federal department or agency such information as the Committee considers necessary to carry out this paragraph. (ii) R
EQUEST .—On request of the Chairperson of the Committee, the head of any Federal de-partment or agency shall furnish information described in clause (i) to the Committee. (C) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Committee may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other depart-ments and agencies of the Federal Government. (D) G
IFTS.—The Committee may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of services or property. (4) C
OMMITTEE PERSONNEL MATTERS .— (A) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (i) N
ON-FEDERAL MEMBERS .—Each member of the Committee who is not an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the an-nual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (includ-ing travel time) during which the member is en-gaged in the performance of the duties of the Committee. (ii) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .—Each member of the Committee who is an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall serve without com-pensation in addition to that received for serv-ices as an officer or employee of the Federal Government. (B) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, in-cluding per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under sub-chapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Committee. (C) S
TAFF.— (i) I
N GENERAL .— (I) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Chairperson of the Committee may, without regard to the civil serv-ice laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Committee to perform the duties of the Com-mittee. (II) C
ONFIRMATION .—The employment of an executive director shall be subject to confirma-tion by the Committee. (ii) COMPENSATION .—The Chairperson of the Committee may fix the compensation of the exec-utive director and other personnel without re-gard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to clas-sification of positions and General Schedule pay rates, except that the rate of pay for the execu-tive director and other personnel may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (D) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .—Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Committee without reimbursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (E) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTER -
MITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairperson of the Committee may procure temporary and intermit-tent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals that do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (5) T
ERMINATION OF THE COMMITTEE .—The Committee shall terminate 90 days after the date on which the Committee submits the report under paragraph (2)(C). (6) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be expended from either Fund, $1,000,000 shall be made available from either Fund during fis-cal year 2017 to carry out this subsection, to re-main available until expended. (e) I
NDIAN DAMSURVEYS .— (1) T
RIBAL REPORTS .—The Secretary shall re-quest that, not less frequently than once every 180 days, each Indian tribe submit to the Sec-retary a report providing an inventory of the dams located on the land of the Indian tribe. (2) BIA 
REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the condition of each dam under the partial or total jurisdiction of the Secretary. (f) F
LOOD PLAIN MANAGEMENT PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-tablish, within the Bureau of Indian Affairs, a flood plain management pilot program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘program’’) to pro-vide, at the request of an Indian tribe, guidance to the Indian tribe relating to best practices for the mitigation and prevention of floods, includ-ing consultation with the Indian tribe on— (A) flood plain mapping; or (B) new construction planning. (2) T
ERMINATION .—The program shall termi-nate on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be expended from either Fund, $250,000 shall be made available from either Fund during each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 to carry out this subsection, to remain available until expended. Subtitle B—Irrigation Rehabilitation and Renovation for Indian Tribal Governments and Their Economies 
SEC. 3201. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) D
EFERRED MAINTENANCE .—The term ‘‘de-ferred maintenance’’ means any maintenance activity that was delayed to a future date, in lieu of being carried out at the time at which the activity was scheduled to be, or otherwise should have been, carried out. (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the In-dian Irrigation Fund established by section 3211. (3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. PART I—INDIAN IRRIGATION FUND 
SEC. 3211. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘In-dian Irrigation Fund’’, consisting of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7445 December 8, 2016 
(1) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under section 3212; and (2) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under section 3214. 
SEC. 3212. DEPOSITS TO FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit in the Fund $35,000,000 from the general fund of the Treasury. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts de-posited in the Fund under subsection (a) shall be used, subject to appropriation, to carry out this subtitle. 
SEC. 3213. EXPENDITURES FROM FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Sec-retary may, to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, expend from the Fund, in accordance with this subtitle, not more than the sum of— (1) $35,000,000; and (2) the amount of interest accrued in the Fund. (b) A
DDITIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The Sec- retary may expend more than $35,000,000 for any fiscal year referred to in subsection (a) if the ad-ditional amounts are available in the Fund as a result of a failure of the Secretary to expend all of the amounts available under subsection (a) in 1 or more prior fiscal years. 
SEC. 3214. INVESTMENTS OF AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Secretary, required to meet current withdrawals. (b) C
REDITS TO FUND.—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a part of, the Fund. 
SEC. 3215. TRANSFERS OF AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this part shall be transferred at least monthly from the general fund of the Treasury to the Fund on the basis of estimates made by the Secretary of the Treas-ury. (b) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates are in excess of or less than the amounts required to be transferred. 
SEC. 3216. TERMINATION. 
On September 30, 2021— (1) the Fund shall terminate; and (2) the unexpended and unobligated balance of the Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury. PART II—REPAIR, REPLACEMENT, AND MAINTENANCE OF CERTAIN INDIAN IR-RIGATION PROJECTS 
SEC. 3221. REPAIR, REPLACEMENT, AND MAINTE-NANCE OF CERTAIN INDIAN IRRIGA-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a program to address the deferred mainte-nance needs and water storage needs of Indian irrigation projects that— (1) create risks to public or employee safety or natural or cultural resources; and (2) unduly impede the management and effi-ciency of the Indian irrigation program. (b) F
UNDING .—Consistent with section 3213, the Secretary shall use or transfer to the Bureau of Indian Affairs not less than $35,000,000 of amounts in the Fund, plus accrued interest, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out maintenance, repair, and replacement ac-tivities for 1 or more of the Indian irrigation projects described in section 3222 (including any structures, facilities, equipment, personnel, or vehicles used in connection with the operation of those projects), subject to the condition that the funds expended under this part shall not be— (1) subject to reimbursement by the owners of the land served by the Indian irrigation projects; or (2) assessed as debts or liens against the land served by the Indian irrigation projects. SEC. 3222. ELIGIBLE PROJECTS. 
The projects eligible for funding under section 3221(b) are the Indian irrigation projects in the western United States that, on the date of en-actment of this Act— (1) are owned by the Federal Government, as listed in the Federal inventory required by Exec-utive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; relating to Federal real property asset management); (2) are managed and operated by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (including projects managed, operated, or maintained under contracts or com-pacts pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); and (3) have deferred maintenance documented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. 
SEC. 3223. REQUIREMENTS AND CONDITIONS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-actment of this Act and as a precondition to amounts being expended from the Fund to carry out this part, the Secretary, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs and representatives of affected Indian tribes, shall develop and submit to Congress— (1) programmatic goals to carry out this part that— (A) would enable the completion of repairing, replacing, modernizing, or performing mainte-nance on projects as expeditiously as prac-ticable; (B) facilitate or improve the ability of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs to carry out the mission of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in operating a project; (C) ensure that the results of government-to- government consultation required under section 3225 be addressed; and (D) would facilitate the construction of new water storage using non-Federal contributions to address tribal, regional, and watershed-level supply needs; and (2) funding prioritization criteria to serve as a methodology for distributing funds under this part, that take into account— (A) the extent to which deferred maintenance of qualifying irrigation projects poses a threat to public or employee safety or health; (B) the extent to which deferred maintenance poses a threat to natural or cultural resources; (C) the extent to which deferred maintenance poses a threat to the ability of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs to carry out the mission of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs in operating the project; (D) the extent to which repairing, replacing, modernizing, or performing maintenance on a facility or structure will— (i) improve public or employee safety, health, or accessibility; (ii) assist in compliance with codes, standards, laws, or other requirements; (iii) address unmet needs; and (iv) assist in protecting natural or cultural re-sources; (E) the methodology of the rehabilitation pri-ority index of the Secretary, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; (F) the potential economic benefits of the ex-penditures on job creation and general economic development in the affected tribal communities; (G) the ability of the qualifying project to ad-dress tribal, regional, and watershed level water supply needs; and (H) such other factors as the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate to prioritize the use of available funds that are, to the fullest extent practicable, consistent with tribal and user rec-ommendations received pursuant to the con-sultation and input process under section 3225. 
SEC. 3224. STUDY OF INDIAN IRRIGATION PRO-GRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT. 
(a) T RIBAL CONSULTATION AND USERINPUT.— Before beginning to conduct the study required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall— (1) consult with the Indian tribes that have jurisdiction over the land on which an irriga-tion project eligible to receive funding under section 3222 is located; and (2) solicit and consider the input, comments, and recommendations of— (A) the landowners served by the irrigation project; and (B) irrigators from adjacent irrigation dis-tricts. (b) STUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for In-dian Affairs, shall complete a study that evalu-ates options for improving programmatic and project management and performance of irriga-tion projects managed and operated in whole or in part by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (c) R
EPORT .—On completion of the study under subsection (b), the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Af-fairs, shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) describes the results of the study; (2) determines the cost to financially sustain each project; (3) recommends whether management of each project could be improved by transferring man-agement responsibilities to other Federal agen-cies or water user groups; and (4) includes recommendations for improving programmatic and project management and per-formance— (A) in each qualifying project area; and (B) for the program as a whole. (d) S
TATUS REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 2 years thereafter (until the end of fiscal year 2021), the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for In-dian Affairs, shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a report that includes a description of— (1) the progress made toward addressing the deferred maintenance needs of the Indian irri-gation projects described in section 3222, includ-ing a list of projects funded during the fiscal pe-riod covered by the report; (2) the outstanding needs of those projects that have been provided funding to address the deferred maintenance needs pursuant to this part; (3) the remaining needs of any of those projects; (4) how the goals established pursuant to sec-tion 3223 have been met, including— (A) an identification and assessment of any deficiencies or shortfalls in meeting those goals; and (B) a plan to address the deficiencies or short-falls in meeting those goals; and (5) any other subject matters the Secretary, to the maximum extent practicable consistent with tribal and user recommendations received pursu-ant to the consultation and input process under section 3225, determines to be appropriate. 
SEC. 3225. TRIBAL CONSULTATION AND USER INPUT. 
Before expending funds on an Indian irriga-tion project pursuant to section 3221 and not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) consult with the Indian tribe that has ju-risdiction over the land on which an irrigation project eligible to receive funding under section 3222 is located; and (2) solicit and consider the input, comments, and recommendations of— (A) the landowners served by the irrigation project; and (B) irrigators from adjacent irrigation dis-tricts. 
SEC. 3226. ALLOCATION AMONG PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), to the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure that, for each of fiscal years 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7446 December 8, 2016 
through 2021, each Indian irrigation project eli-gible for funding under section 3222 that has critical maintenance needs receives part of the funding under section 3221 to address critical maintenance needs. (b) P
RIORITY .—In allocating amounts under section 3221(b), in addition to considering the funding priorities described in section 3223, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible Indian ir-rigation projects serving more than 1 Indian tribe within an Indian reservation and to projects for which funding has not been made available during the 10-year period ending on the day before the date of enactment of this Act under any other Act of Congress that expressly identifies the Indian irrigation project or the In-dian reservation of the project to address the de-ferred maintenance, repair, or replacement needs of the Indian irrigation project. (c) C
AP ON FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), in allocating amounts under section 3221(b), the Secretary shall allocate not more than $15,000,000 to any individual Indian irrigation project described in section 3222 during any con-secutive 3-year period. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the cap de-scribed in paragraph (1), if the full amount under section 3221(b) cannot be fully allocated to eligible Indian irrigation projects because the costs of the remaining activities authorized in section 3221(b) of an irrigation project would ex-ceed the cap described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may allocate the remaining funds to eligi-ble Indian irrigation projects in accordance with this part. (d) B
ASIS OF FUNDING .—Any amounts made available under this section shall be nonreim-bursable. (e) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA .—The Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) shall apply to activi-ties carried out under this section. Subtitle C—Weber Basin Prepayments 
SEC. 3301. PREPAYMENT OF CERTAIN REPAYMENT OBLIGATIONS UNDER CONTRACTS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE WEBER BASIN WATER CONSER-VANCY DISTRICT. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall allow for prepayment of repayment obligations under Re-payment Contract No. 14–06–400–33 between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Con-servancy District, dated December 12, 1952, and supplemented and amended on June 30, 1961, on April 15, 1966, on September 20, 1968, and on May 9, 1985, including future amendments and all related applicable contracts thereto, pro-viding for repayment of Weber Basin Project construction costs allocated to irrigation and municipal and industrial purposes for which re-payment is provided pursuant to such contracts under terms and conditions similar to those used in implementing the prepayment provisions in section 210 of the Central Utah Project Comple-tion Act (Public Law 102–575), as amended, for prepayment of Central Utah Project, Bonneville Unit repayment obligations. The prepayment— (1) shall result in the United States recovering the net present value of all repayment streams that would have been payable to the United States if this Act was not in effect; (2) may be provided in several installments; (3) may not be adjusted on the basis of the type of prepayment financing used by the Dis-trict; and (4) shall be made such that total repayment is made not later than September 30, 2026. Subtitle D—Pechanga Water Rights Settlement 
SEC. 3401. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement Act’’. 
SEC. 3402. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this subtitle are— (1) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final set-tlement of claims to water rights and certain claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for— (A) the Band; and (B) the United States, acting in its capacity as trustee for the Band and Allottees; (2) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final set-tlement of certain claims by the Band and Allottees against the United States; (3) to authorize, ratify, and confirm the Pechanga Settlement Agreement to be entered into by the Band, RCWD, and the United States; (4) to authorize and direct the Secretary— (A) to execute the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment; and (B) to take any other action necessary to carry out the Pechanga Settlement Agreement in accordance with this subtitle; and (5) to authorize the appropriation of amounts necessary for the implementation of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this sub-title. SEC. 3403. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
DJUDICATION COURT .—The term ‘‘Adju-dication Court’’ means the United States Dis-trict Court for the Southern District of Cali-fornia, which exercises continuing jurisdiction over the Adjudication Proceeding. (2) A
DJUDICATION PROCEEDING .—The term ‘‘Adjudication Proceeding’’ means litigation ini-tiated by the United States regarding relative water rights in the Santa Margarita River Wa-tershed in United States v. Fallbrook Public Utility District et al., Civ. No. 3:51–cv–01247 (S.D.C.A.), including any litigation initiated to interpret or enforce the relative water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed pursuant to the continuing jurisdiction of the Adjudica-tion Court over the Fallbrook Decree. (3) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘Allottee’’ means an individual who holds a beneficial real property interest in an Indian allotment that is— (A) located within the Reservation; and (B) held in trust by the United States. (4) B
AND.—The term ‘‘Band’’ means Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians, a federally recognized sovereign Indian tribe that functions as a custom and tradition Indian tribe, acting on behalf of itself and its members, but not act-ing on behalf of members in their capacities as Allottees. (5) C
LAIMS .—The term ‘‘claims’’ means rights, claims, demands, actions, compensation, or causes of action, whether known or unknown. (6) EMWD.—The term ‘‘EMWD’’ means East-ern Municipal Water District, a municipal water district organized and existing in accordance with the Municipal Water District Law of 1911, Division 20 of the Water Code of the State of California, as amended. (7) EMWD 
CONNECTION FEE .—The term ‘‘EMWD Connection Fee’’ has the meaning set forth in the Extension of Service Area Agree-ment. (8) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Register the statement of findings described in section 3407(e). (9) ESAA 
CAPACITY AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘ESAA Capacity Agreement’’ means the ‘‘ESAA Capacity Agreement’’, among the Band, RCWD, and the United States. (10) ESAA 
WATER .—The term ‘‘ESAA Water’’ means imported potable water that the Band re-ceives from EMWD and MWD pursuant to the Extension of Service Area Agreement and deliv-ered by RCWD pursuant to the ESAA Water De-livery Agreement. (11) ESAA 
WATER DELIVERY AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘ESAA Water Delivery Agreement’’ means the agreement among EMWD, RCWD, and the Band, establishing the terms and conditions of water service to the Band. (12) E
XTENSION OF SERVICE AREA AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Extension of Service Area Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Extension of Service Area Agreement’’, among the Band, EMWD, and MWD, for the provision of water service by EMWD to a designated portion of the Reserva-tion using water supplied by MWD. (13) FALLBROOK DECREE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Fallbrook De-cree’’ means the ‘‘Modified Final Judgment And Decree’’, entered in the Adjudication Proceeding on April 6, 1966. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Fallbrook De-cree’’ includes all court orders, interlocutory judgments, and decisions supplemental to the ‘‘Modified Final Judgment And Decree’’, includ-ing Interlocutory Judgment No. 30, Interlocu-tory Judgment No. 35, and Interlocutory Judg-ment No. 41. (14) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Pechanga Settlement Fund established by sec-tion 3409. (15) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (16) I
NJURY TO WATER RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘in-jury to water rights’’ means an interference with, diminution of, or deprivation of water rights under Federal or State law. (17) I
NTERIM CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘Interim Capacity’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (18) I
NTERIM CAPACITY NOTICE .—The term ‘‘In-terim Capacity Notice’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (19) I
NTERLOCUTORY JUDGMENT NO . 41.—The term ‘‘Interlocutory Judgment No. 41’’ means Interlocutory Judgment No. 41 issued in the Ad-judication Proceeding on November 8, 1962, in-cluding all court orders, judgments, and deci-sions supplemental to that interlocutory judg-ment. (20) MWD.—The term ‘‘MWD’’ means the Metropolitan Water District of Southern Cali-fornia, a metropolitan water district organized and incorporated under the Metropolitan Water District Act of the State of California (Stats. 1969, Chapter 209, as amended). (21) MWD 
CONNECTION FEE .—The term ‘‘MWD Connection Fee’’ has the meaning set forth in the Extension of Service Area Agreement. (22) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account’’ means the account estab-lished by section 3409(c)(2). (23) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure account’’ means the ac-count established by section 3409(c)(1). (24) P
ECHANGA SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Settlement Agreement’’ means the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, dated April 8, 2016, together with the exhibits to that agree-ment, entered into by the Band, the United States on behalf of the Band, its members and Allottees, MWD, EMWD, and RCWD, includ-ing— (A) the Extension of Service Area Agreement; (B) the ESAA Capacity Agreement; and (C) the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement. (25) P
ECHANGA WATER CODE .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Code’’ means a water code to be adopted by the Band in accordance with sec-tion 3405(f). (26) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Fund account’’ means the account established by section 3409(c)(3). (27) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .— The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Quality account’’ means the account established by section 3409(c)(4). (28) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘Per-manent Capacity’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (29) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY NOTICE .—The term ‘‘Permanent Capacity Notice’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (30) RCWD.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘RCWD’’ means the Rancho California Water District organized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7447 December 8, 2016 
pursuant to section 34000 et seq. of the Cali-fornia Water Code. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘RCWD’’ includes all real property owners for whom RCWD acts as an agent pursuant to an agency agreement. (31) R
ECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Recycled Water Infrastruc-ture Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Recycled Water In-frastructure Agreement’’ among the Band, RCWD, and the United States. (32) R
ECYCLED WATER TRANSFER AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Recycled Water Transfer Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Recycled Water Trans-fer Agreement’’ between the Band and RCWD. (33) R
ESERVATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ means the land depicted on the map attached to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement as Exhibit I. (B) A
PPLICABILITY OF TERM .—The term ‘‘Res-ervation’’ shall be used solely for the purposes of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, this sub-title, and any judgment or decree issued by the Adjudication Court approving the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (34) S
ANTA MARGARITA RIVER WATERSHED .— The term ‘‘Santa Margarita River Watershed’’ means the watershed that is the subject of the Adjudication Proceeding and the Fallbrook De-cree. (35) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (36) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of California. (37) S
TORAGE POND .—The term ‘‘Storage Pond’’ has the meaning set forth in the Recy-cled Water Infrastructure Agreement. (38) T
RIBAL WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘Tribal Water Right’’ means the water rights ratified, confirmed, and declared to be valid for the ben-efit of the Band and Allottees, as set forth and described in section 3405. 
SEC. 3404. APPROVAL OF THE PECHANGA SETTLE-MENT AGREEMENT. 
(a) R ATIFICATION OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as modified by this subtitle, and to the extent that the Pechanga Settlement Agreement does not conflict with this subtitle, the Pechanga Settlement Agreement is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (2) A
MENDMENTS .—Any amendment to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement is authorized, ratified, and confirmed, to the extent that the amendment is executed to make the Pechanga Settlement Agreement consistent with this sub-title. (b) E
XECUTION OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Pechanga Settlement Agreement does not con-flict with this subtitle, the Secretary is directed to and promptly shall execute— (A) the Pechanga Settlement Agreement (in-cluding any exhibit to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement requiring the signature of the Sec-retary); and (B) any amendment to the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement necessary to make the Pechanga Settlement Agreement consistent with this subtitle. (2) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Nothing in this subtitle precludes the Secretary from approving modi-fications to exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement not inconsistent with this subtitle, to the extent those modifications do not otherwise require congressional approval pursuant to sec-tion 2116 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177) or other applicable Federal law. (c) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, the Secretary shall promptly comply with all applicable re-quirements of— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (C) all other applicable Federal environmental laws; and (D) all regulations promulgated under the laws described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). (2) EXECUTION OF THE PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Execution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement by the Secretary under this section shall not constitute a major Federal action under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary is directed to carry out all Federal compliance necessary to implement the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (3) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall be designated as the lead agency with respect to environmental compliance. 
SEC. 3405. TRIBAL WATER RIGHT. 
(a) I NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of Congress to provide to each Allottee benefits that are equal to or exceed the benefits Allottees possess as of the date of enactment of this Act, taking into consideration— (1) the potential risks, cost, and time delay as-sociated with litigation that would be resolved by the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this subtitle; (2) the availability of funding under this sub-title; (3) the availability of water from the Tribal Water Right and other water sources as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (4) the applicability of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), and this sub-title to protect the interests of Allottees. (b) C
ONFIRMATION OF TRIBAL WATER RIGHT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A Tribal Water Right of up to 4,994 acre-feet of water per year that, under natural conditions, is physically available on the Reservation is confirmed in accordance with the Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law set forth in Interlocutory Judgment No. 41, as affirmed by the Fallbrook Decree. (2) U
SE.—Subject to the terms of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, this subtitle, the Fallbrook Decree, and applicable Federal law, the Band may use the Tribal Water Right for any purpose on the Reservation. (c) H
OLDING IN TRUST.—The Tribal Water Right, as set forth in subsection (b), shall— (1) be held in trust by the United States on be-half of the Band and the Allottees in accord-ance with this section; (2) include the priority dates described in In-terlocutory Judgment No. 41, as affirmed by the Fallbrook Decree; and (3) not be subject to forfeiture or abandon-ment. (d) A
LLOTTEES .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY OF ACT OF FEBRUARY 8 , 
1887.—The provisions of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), relating to the use of water for irrigation purposes shall apply to the Tribal Water Right. (2) E
NTITLEMENT TO WATER .—Any entitlement to water of an Allottee under Federal law shall be satisfied from the Tribal Water Right. (3) A
LLOCATIONS .—Allotted land located with-in the exterior boundaries of the Reservation shall be entitled to a just and equitable alloca-tion of water for irrigation and domestic pur-poses from the Tribal Water Right. (4) E
XHAUSTION OF REMEDIES .—Before assert-ing any claim against the United States under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or any other applicable law, an Al-lottee shall exhaust remedies available under the Pechanga Water Code or other applicable tribal law. (5) C
LAIMS .—Following exhaustion of remedies available under the Pechanga Water Code or other applicable tribal law, an Allottee may seek relief under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or other applicable law. (6) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary shall have the authority to protect the rights of Allottees as specified in this section. (e) AUTHORITY OF BAND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Band shall have authority to use, allocate, distribute, and lease the Tribal Water Right on the Reservation in accordance with— (A) the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (B) applicable Federal law. (2) L
EASES BY ALLOTTEES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An Allottee may lease any interest in land held by the Allottee, together with any water right determined to be appur-tenant to that interest in land. (B) W
ATER RIGHT APPURTENANT .—Any water right determined to be appurtenant to an inter-est in land leased by an Allottee shall be used on such land on the Reservation. (f) P
ECHANGA WATER CODE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the enforceability date, the Band shall enact a Pechanga Water Code, that provides for— (A) the management, regulation, and govern-ance of all uses of the Tribal Water Right in ac-cordance with the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment; and (B) establishment by the Band of conditions, permit requirements, and other limitations relat-ing to the storage, recovery, and use of the Trib-al Water Right in accordance with the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Subject to the approval of the Secretary, the Pechanga Water Code shall provide— (A) that allocations of water to Allottees shall be satisfied with water from the Tribal Water Right; (B) that charges for delivery of water for irri-gation purposes for Allottees shall be assessed on a just and equitable basis; (C) a process by which an Allottee may re-quest that the Band provide water for irrigation or domestic purposes in accordance with this subtitle; (D) a due process system for the consideration and determination by the Band of any request by an Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) for an allocation of such water for irri-gation or domestic purposes on allotted land, in-cluding a process for— (i) appeal and adjudication of any denied or disputed distribution of water; and (ii) resolution of any contested administrative decision; and (E) a requirement that any Allottee with a claim relating to the enforcement of rights of the Allottee under the Pechanga Water Code or re-lating to the amount of water allocated to land of the Allottee must first exhaust remedies avail-able to the Allottee under tribal law and the Pechanga Water Code before initiating an ac-tion against the United States or petitioning the Secretary pursuant to subsection (d)(4). (3) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the Tribal Water Right until the Pechanga Water Code is enacted and approved under this section. (B) A
PPROVAL .—Any provision of the Pechanga Water Code and any amendment to the Pechanga Water Code that affects the rights of Allottees— (i) shall be subject to the approval of the Sec-retary; and (ii) shall not be valid until approved by the Secretary. (C) A
PPROVAL PERIOD .—The Secretary shall approve or disapprove the Pechanga Water Code within a reasonable period of time after the date on which the Band submits the Pechanga Water Code to the Secretary for ap-proval. (g) E
FFECT .—Except as otherwise specifically provided in this section, nothing in this sub-title— (1) authorizes any action by an Allottee against any individual or entity, or against the Band, under Federal, State, tribal, or local law; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7448 December 8, 2016 
(2) alters or affects the status of any action pursuant to section 1491(a) of title 28, United States Code. 
SEC. 3406. SATISFACTION OF CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The benefits provided to the Band under the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this subtitle shall be in complete replace-ment of, complete substitution for, and full sat-isfaction of all claims of the Band against the United States that are waived and released pur-suant to section 3407. (b) A
LLOTTEE CLAIMS .—The benefits realized by the Allottees under this subtitle shall be in complete replacement of, complete substitution for, and full satisfaction of— (1) all claims that are waived and released pursuant to section 3407; and (2) any claims of the Allottees against the United States that the Allottees have or could have asserted that are similar in nature to any claim described in section 3407. (c) N
ORECOGNITION OF WATER RIGHTS .—Ex- cept as provided in section 3405(d), nothing in this subtitle recognizes or establishes any right of a member of the Band or an Allottee to water within the Reservation. (d) C
LAIMS RELATING TO DEVELOPMENT OF  W
ATER FOR RESERVATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amounts authorized to be appropriated pursuant to section 3411 shall be used to satisfy any claim of the Allottees against the United States with respect to the de-velopment or protection of water resources for the Reservation. (2) S
ATISFACTION OF CLAIMS .—Upon the com-plete appropriation of amounts authorized pur-suant to section 3411, any claim of the Allottees against the United States with respect to the de-velopment or protection of water resources for the Reservation shall be deemed to have been satisfied. 
SEC. 3407. WAIVER OF CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) W
AIVER OF CLAIMS BY THE BAND AND THE  
UNITED STATES ACTING IN ITS CAPACITY AS TRUST -
EE FOR THE BAND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the retention of rights set forth in subsection (c), in return for recognition of the Tribal Water Right and other benefits as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this subtitle, the Band, and the United States, acting as trustee for the Band, are authorized and directed to execute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Santa Margarita River Watershed that the Band, or the United States acting as trustee for the Band, asserted or could have asserted in any proceeding, including the Adjudication Pro-ceeding, except to the extent that such rights are recognized in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this subtitle. (B) C
LAIMS AGAINST RCWD .—Subject to the re-tention of rights set forth in subsection (c) and notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, the Band and the United States, on behalf of the Band and Allottees, fully release, acquit, and discharge RCWD from— (i) claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for land lo-cated within the Reservation arising or occur-ring at any time up to and including June 30, 2009; (ii) claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for land lo-cated within the Reservation arising or occur-ring at any time after June 30, 2009, resulting from the diversion or use of water in a manner not in violation of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or this subtitle; (iii) claims for subsidence damage to land lo-cated within the Reservation arising or occur-ring at any time up to and including June 30, 2009; (iv) claims for subsidence damage arising or occurring after June 30, 2009, to land located within the Reservation resulting from the diver-sion of underground water in a manner con-sistent with the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or this subtitle; and (v) claims arising out of, or relating in any manner to, the negotiation or execution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or the negotia-tion or execution of this subtitle. (2) CLAIMS BY THE UNITED STATES ACTING IN  
ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE FOR ALLOTTEES .—Sub- ject to the retention of claims set forth in sub-section (c), in return for recognition of the Trib-al Water Right and other benefits as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this subtitle, the United States, acting as trustee for Allottees, is authorized and directed to execute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Santa Margarita River Water-shed that the United States, acting as trustee for the Allottees, asserted or could have asserted in any proceeding, including the Adjudication Proceeding, except to the extent such rights are recognized in the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment and this subtitle. (3) C
LAIMS BY THE BAND AGAINST THE UNITED  
STATES .—Subject to the retention of rights set forth in subsection (c), the Band, is authorized to execute a waiver and release of— (A) all claims against the United States (in-cluding the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to claims for water rights in, or water of, the Santa Margarita River Wa-tershed that the United States, acting in its ca-pacity as trustee for the Band, asserted, or could have asserted, in any proceeding, includ-ing the Adjudication Proceeding, except to the extent that those rights are recognized in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this sub-title; (B) all claims against the United States (in-cluding the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to damages, losses, or in-juries to water, water rights, land, or natural resources due to loss of water or water rights (including damages, losses or injuries to hunt-ing, fishing, gathering, or cultural rights due to loss of water or water rights, claims relating to interference with, diversion, or taking of water or water rights, or claims relating to failure to protect, acquire, replace, or develop water, water rights, or water infrastructure) in the Santa Margarita River Watershed that first ac-crued at any time up to and including the en-forceability date; (C) all claims against the United States (in-cluding the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to the pending litigation of claims relating to the water rights of the Band in the Adjudication Proceeding; and (D) all claims against the United States (in-cluding the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to the negotiation or exe-cution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or the negotiation or execution of this subtitle. (b) E
FFECTIVENESS OF WAIVERS AND RE-
LEASES .—The waivers under subsection (a) shall take effect on the enforceability date. (c) R
ESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND RETENTION  
OFCLAIMS .—Notwithstanding the waivers and releases authorized in this subtitle, the Band, on behalf of itself and the members of the Band, and the United States, acting in its capacity as trustee for the Band and Allottees, retain— (1) all claims for enforcement of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this subtitle; (2) all claims against any person or entity other than the United States and RCWD, in-cluding claims for monetary damages; (3) all claims for water rights that are outside the jurisdiction of the Adjudication Court; (4) all rights to use and protect water rights acquired on or after the enforceability date; and (5) all remedies, privileges, immunities, pow-ers, and claims, including claims for water rights, not specifically waived and released pur-suant to this subtitle and the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement. (d) E
FFECT OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT AGREE-
MENT AND ACT.—Nothing in the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement or this subtitle— (1) affects the ability of the United States, act-ing as a sovereign, to take actions authorized by law, including any laws relating to health, safe-ty, or the environment, including— (A) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (B) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (C) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (D) any regulations implementing the Acts de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (C); (2) affects the ability of the United States to take actions acting as trustee for any other In-dian tribe or an Allottee of any other Indian tribe; (3) confers jurisdiction on any State court— (A) to interpret Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environment; (B) to determine the duties of the United States or other parties pursuant to Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environment; or (C) to conduct judicial review of Federal agency action; (4) waives any claim of a member of the Band in an individual capacity that does not derive from a right of the Band; (5) limits any funding that RCWD would oth-erwise be authorized to receive under any Fed-eral law, including, the Reclamation Waste-water and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act (43 U.S.C. 390h et seq.) as that Act applies to permanent facilities for water recycling, demineralization, and desalination, and dis-tribution of nonpotable water supplies in South-ern Riverside County, California; (6) characterizes any amounts received by RCWD under the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment or this subtitle as Federal for purposes of section 1649 of the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act (43 U.S.C. 390h–32); or (7) affects the requirement of any party to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or any of the exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement to comply with the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or the California Environmental Quality Act (Cal. Pub. Res. Code 21000 et seq.) prior to performing the respective obligations of that party under the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or any of the exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment. (e) ENFORCEABILITY DATE.—The enforce-ability date shall be the date on which the Sec-retary publishes in the Federal Register a state-ment of findings that— (1) the Adjudication Court has approved and entered a judgment and decree approving the Pechanga Settlement Agreement in substantially the same form as Appendix 2 to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; (2) all amounts authorized by this subtitle have been deposited in the Fund; (3) the waivers and releases authorized in sub-section (a) have been executed by the Band and the Secretary; (4) the Extension of Service Area Agreement— (A) has been approved and executed by all the parties to the Extension of Service Area Agree-ment; and (B) is effective and enforceable in accordance with the terms of the Extension of Service Area Agreement; and (5) the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement— (A) has been approved and executed by all the parties to the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement; and (B) is effective and enforceable in accordance with the terms of the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement. (f) T
OLLING OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each applicable period of limitation and time-based equitable defense re-lating to a claim described in this section shall be tolled for the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the earlier of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7449 December 8, 2016 
(A) April 30, 2030, or such alternate date after April 30, 2030, as is agreed to by the Band and the Secretary; or (B) the enforceability date. (2) E
FFECTS OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection revives any claim or tolls any period of limitation or time-based equitable defense that expired before the date of enactment of this Act. (3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section pre-cludes the tolling of any period of limitations or any time-based equitable defense under any other applicable law. (g) T
ERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If all of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated to the Secretary pursu-ant to this subtitle have not been made available to the Secretary by April 30, 2030— (A) the waivers authorized by this section shall expire and have no force or effect; and (B) all statutes of limitations applicable to any claim otherwise waived under this section shall be tolled until April 30, 2030. (2) V
OIDING OF WAIVERS .—If a waiver author-ized by this section is void under paragraph (1)— (A) the approval of the United States of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement under section 3404 shall be void and have no further force or effect; (B) any unexpended Federal amounts appro-priated or made available to carry out this sub-title, together with any interest earned on those amounts, and any water rights or contracts to use water and title to other property acquired or constructed with Federal amounts appropriated or made available to carry out this subtitle shall be returned to the Federal Government, unless otherwise agreed to by the Band and the United States and approved by Congress; and (C) except for Federal amounts used to ac-quire or develop property that is returned to the Federal Government under subparagraph (B), the United States shall be entitled to set off any Federal amounts appropriated or made available to carry out this subtitle that were expended or withdrawn, together with any interest accrued, against any claims against the United States re-lating to water rights asserted by the Band or Allottees in any future settlement of the water rights of the Band or Allottees. 
SEC. 3408. WATER FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, using amounts from the designated accounts of the Fund, provide the amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agreement and the ESAA Capacity Agreement, in an amount not to ex-ceed the amounts deposited in the designated accounts for such purposes plus any interest ac-crued on such amounts from the date of deposit in the Fund to the date of disbursement from the Fund, in accordance with this subtitle and the terms and conditions of those agreements. (b) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (c) R
ECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using amounts from the Pechanga Recycled Water In-frastructure account, provide amounts for the Storage Pond in accordance with this section. (2) S
TORAGE POND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, using amounts from the Pechanga Recycled Water In-frastructure account provide the amounts nec-essary for a Storage Pond in accordance with the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agreement, in an amount not to exceed $2,656,374. (B) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Sec-retary to provide amounts pursuant to this sec-tion shall be as set forth in the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agreement. (C) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the Storage Pond. (d) ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using amounts from the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Ca-pacity account, provide amounts for Interim Ca-pacity and Permanent Capacity in accordance with this section. (2) I
NTERIM CAPACITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, using amounts from the ESAA Delivery Capacity ac-count, provide amounts necessary for the provi-sion of Interim Capacity in accordance with the ESAA Capacity Agreement in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000. (B) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Sec-retary to provide amounts pursuant to this sec-tion shall be as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (C) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the Interim Ca-pacity to be provided by RCWD or by the Band. (D) T
RANSFER TO BAND .—If RCWD does not provide the Interim Capacity Notice required pursuant to the ESAA Capacity Agreement by the date that is 60 days after the date required under the ESAA Capacity Agreement, the amounts in the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Ca-pacity account for purposes of the provision of Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity, in-cluding any interest that has accrued on those amounts, shall be available for use by the Band to provide alternative interim capacity in a manner that is similar to the Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity that the Band would have received had RCWD provided such Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity. (3) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, using amounts from the ESAA Delivery Capacity ac-count, provide amounts necessary for the provi-sion of Permanent Capacity in accordance with the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (B) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Sec-retary to provide funds pursuant to this section shall be as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (C) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the Permanent Capacity to be provided by RCWD or by the Band. (D) T
RANSFER TO BAND .—If RCWD does not provide the Permanent Capacity Notice required pursuant to the ESAA Capacity Agreement by the date that is 5 years after the enforceability date, the amounts in the Pechanga ESAA Deliv-ery Capacity account for purposes of the provi-sion of Permanent Capacity, including any in-terest that has accrued on those amounts, shall be available for use by the Band to provide al-ternative Permanent Capacity in a manner that is similar to the Permanent Capacity that the Band would have received had RCWD provided such Permanent Capacity. 
SEC. 3409. PECHANGA SETTLEMENT FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the ‘‘Pechanga Settlement Fund’’, to be managed, invested, and distributed by the Secretary and to be available until expended, and, together with any interest earned on those amounts, to be used solely for the purpose of carrying out this subtitle. (b) T
RANSFERS TO FUND.—The Fund shall consist of such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under section 3411(a) of this subtitle, to-gether with any interest earned on those amounts, which shall be available in accordance with subsection (e). (c) A
CCOUNTS OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  F
UND.—The Secretary shall establish in the Fund the following accounts: (1) Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure account, consisting of amounts authorized pur-suant to section 3411(a)(1). (2) Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity ac-count, consisting of amounts authorized pursu-ant to section 3411(a)(2). (3) Pechanga Water Fund account, consisting of amounts authorized pursuant to section 3411(a)(3). (4) Pechanga Water Quality account, con-sisting of amounts authorized pursuant to sec-tion 3411(a)(4). (d) MANAGEMENT OF FUND.—The Secretary shall manage, invest, and distribute all amounts in the Fund in a manner that is consistent with the investment authority of the Secretary under— (1) the first section of the Act of June 24, 1938 (25 U.S.C. 162a); (2) the American Indian Trust Fund Manage-ment Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.); and (3) this section. (e) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts ap-propriated to, and deposited in, the Fund, in-cluding any investment earnings accrued from the date of deposit in the Fund through the date of disbursement from the Fund, shall be made available to the Band by the Secretary begin-ning on the enforceability date. (f) W
ITHDRAWALS BY BANDPURSUANT TO THE  A
MERICAN INDIAN TRUST FUND MANAGEMENT  R
EFORM ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Band may withdraw all or part of the amounts in the Fund on approval by the Secretary of a tribal management plan submitted by the Band in accordance with the American Indian Trust Fund Management Re-form Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the require-ments under the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the tribal management plan under paragraph (1) shall require that the Band shall spend all amounts withdrawn from the Fund in accordance with this subtitle. (B) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial or administrative actions as the Secretary determines to be necessary to en-force the tribal management plan to ensure that amounts withdrawn by the Band from the Fund under this subsection are used in accordance with this subtitle. (g) W
ITHDRAWALS BY BANDPURSUANT TO AN  E
XPENDITURE PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Band may submit an ex-penditure plan for approval by the Secretary re-questing that all or part of the amounts in the Fund be disbursed in accordance with the plan. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The expenditure plan under paragraph (1) shall include a description of the manner and purpose for which the amounts proposed to be disbursed from the Fund will be used, in accordance with subsection (h). (3) A
PPROVAL .—If the Secretary determines that an expenditure plan submitted under this subsection is consistent with the purposes of this subtitle, the Secretary shall approve the plan. (4) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial or administrative actions as the Secretary determines necessary to enforce an expenditure plan to ensure that amounts dis-bursed under this subsection are used in accord-ance with this subtitle. (h) U
SES.—Amounts from the Fund shall be used by the Band for the following purposes: (1) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCOUNT .—The Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure account shall be used for expend-itures by the Band in accordance with section 3408(c). (2) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—The Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account shall be used for expenditures by the Band in accordance with section 3408(d). (3) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—The Pechanga Water Fund account shall be used for— (A) payment of the EMWD Connection Fee; (B) payment of the MWD Connection Fee; and (C) any expenses, charges, or fees incurred by the Band in connection with the delivery or use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7450 December 8, 2016 
of water pursuant to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (4) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .—The Pechanga Water Quality account shall be used by the Band to fund groundwater desalination activities within the Wolf Valley Basin. (i) L
IABILITY .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall not be liable for the expenditure of, or the investment of any amounts withdrawn from, the Fund by the Band under subsection (f) or (g). (j) N
OPERCAPITA DISTRIBUTIONS .—No por- tion of the Fund shall be distributed on a per capita basis to any member of the Band. 
SEC. 3410. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) W AIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY BY THE  U
NITED STATES .—Except as provided in sub-sections (a) through (c) of section 208 of the De-partment of Justice Appropriation Act, 1953 (43 U.S.C. 666), nothing in this subtitle waives the sovereign immunity of the United States. (b) O
THER TRIBES NOTADVERSELY AF-
FECTED .—Nothing in this subtitle quantifies or diminishes any land or water right, or any claim or entitlement to land or water, of an Indian tribe, band, or community other than the Band. (c) L
IMITATION ON CLAIMS FOR REIMBURSE -
MENT .—With respect to Indian land within the Reservation— (1) the United States shall not submit against any Indian-owned land located within the Res-ervation any claim for reimbursement of the cost to the United States of carrying out this subtitle and the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (2) no assessment of any Indian-owned land located within the Reservation shall be made re-garding that cost. (d) E
FFECT ON CURRENT LAW.—Nothing in this section affects any provision of law (includ-ing regulations) in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act with respect to preenforcement review of any Federal environ-mental enforcement action. 
SEC. 3411. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCOUNT .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated $2,656,374, for deposit in the Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure ac-count, to carry out the activities described in section 3408(c). (2) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—There is authorized to be appropriated $17,900,000, for deposit in the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account, which amount shall be adjusted for changes in construction costs since June 30, 2009, as is indicated by ENR Con-struction Cost Index, 20-City Average, as appli-cable to the types of construction required for the Band to provide the infrastructure nec-essary for the Band to provide the Interim Ca-pacity and Permanent Capacity in the event that RCWD elects not to provide the Interim Ca-pacity or Permanent Capacity as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement and contemplated in sections 3408(d)(2)(D) and 3408(d)(3)(D) of this subtitle, with such adjustment ending on the date on which funds authorized to be appro-priated under this section have been deposited in the Fund. (3) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—There is authorized to be appropriated $5,483,653, for deposit in the Pechanga Water Fund account, which amount shall be adjusted for changes in appropriate cost indices since June 30, 2009, with such adjustment ending on the date of de-posit in the Fund, for the purposes set forth in section 3409(h)(3). (4) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .— There is authorized to be appropriated $2,460,000, for deposit in the Pechanga Water Quality account, which amount shall be ad-justed for changes in appropriate cost indices since June 30, 2009, with such adjustment end-ing on the date of deposit in the Fund, for the purposes set forth in section 3409(h)(4). SEC. 3412. EXPIRATION ON FAILURE OF EN-FORCEABILITY DATE. 
If the Secretary does not publish a statement of findings under section 3407(e) by April 30, 2021, or such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Band and the Secretary, as applica-ble— (1) this subtitle expires on the later of May 1, 2021, or the day after the alternative date agreed to by the Band and the Secretary; (2) any action taken by the Secretary and any contract or agreement pursuant to the authority provided under any provision of this subtitle shall be void; (3) any amounts appropriated under section 3411, together with any interest on those amounts, shall immediately revert to the general fund of the Treasury; and (4) any amounts made available under section 3411 that remain unexpended shall immediately revert to the general fund of the Treasury. 
SEC. 3413. ANTIDEFICIENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any au-thorization of appropriations to carry out this subtitle, the expenditure or advance of any funds, and the performance of any obligation by the Department in any capacity, pursuant to this subtitle shall be contingent on the appro-priation of funds for that expenditure, advance, or performance. (b) L
IABILITY .—The Department of the Inte-rior shall not be liable for the failure to carry out any obligation or activity authorized by this subtitle if adequate appropriations are not pro-vided to carry out this subtitle. Subtitle E—Delaware River Basin Conservation 
SEC. 3501. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Delaware River Basin is a national treasure of great cultural, environmental, eco-logical, and economic importance; (2) the Basin contains over 12,500 square miles of land in the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania, including nearly 800 square miles of bay and more than 2,000 trib-utary rivers and streams; (3) the Basin is home to more than 8,000,000 people who depend on the Delaware River and the Delaware Bay as an economic engine, a place of recreation, and a vital habitat for fish and wildlife; (4) the Basin provides clean drinking water to more than 15,000,000 people, including New York City, which relies on the Basin for approxi-mately half of the drinking water supply of the city, and Philadelphia, whose most significant threat to the drinking water supply of the city is loss of forests and other natural cover in the Upper Basin, according to a study conducted by the Philadelphia Water Department; (5) the Basin contributes $25,000,000,000 annu-ally in economic activity, provides $21,000,000,000 in ecosystem goods and services per year, and is directly or indirectly responsible for 600,000 jobs with $10,000,000,000 in annual wages; (6) almost 180 species of fish and wildlife are considered special status species in the Basin due to habitat loss and degradation, particu-larly sturgeon, eastern oyster, horseshoe crabs, and red knots, which have been identified as unique species in need of habitat improvement; (7) the Basin provides habitat for over 200 resident and migrant fish species, includes sig-nificant recreational fisheries, and is an impor-tant source of eastern oyster, blue crab, and the largest population of the American horseshoe crab; (8) the annual dockside value of commercial eastern oyster fishery landings for the Delaware Estuary is nearly $4,000,000, making it the fourth most lucrative fishery in the Delaware River Basin watershed, and proven management strategies are available to increase oyster habi-tat, abundance, and harvest; (9) the Delaware Bay has the second largest concentration of shorebirds in North America and is designated as one of the 4 most important shorebird migration sites in the world; (10) the Basin, 50 percent of which is forested, also has over 700,000 acres of wetland, more than 126,000 acres of which are recognized as internationally important, resulting in a land-scape that provides essential ecosystem services, including recreation, commercial, and water quality benefits; (11) much of the remaining exemplary natural landscape in the Basin is vulnerable to further degradation, as the Basin gains approximately 10 square miles of developed land annually, and with new development, urban watersheds are increasingly covered by impervious surfaces, amplifying the quantity of polluted runoff into rivers and streams; (12) the Delaware River is the longest undammed river east of the Mississippi; a crit-ical component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System in the Northeast, with more than 400 miles designated; home to one of the most heavily visited National Park units in the United States, the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area; and the location of 6 National Wildlife Refuges; (13) the Delaware River supports an inter-nationally renowned cold water fishery in more than 80 miles of its northern headwaters that attracts tens of thousands of visitors each year and generates over $21,000,000 in annual rev-enue through tourism and recreational activi-ties; (14) management of water volume in the Basin is critical to flood mitigation and habitat for fish and wildlife, and following 3 major floods along the Delaware River since 2004, the Gov-ernors of the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania have called for natural flood damage reduction measures to combat the problem, including restoring the function of riparian corridors; (15) the Delaware River Port Complex (includ-ing docking facilities in the States of Delaware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania) is one of the largest freshwater ports in the world, the Port of Philadelphia handles the largest volume of international tonnage and 70 percent of the oil shipped to the East Coast, and the Port of Wil-mington, a full-service deepwater port and ma-rine terminal supporting more than 12,000 jobs, is the busiest terminal on the Delaware River, handling more than 400 vessels per year with an annual import/export cargo tonnage of more than 4,000,000 tons; (16) the Delaware Estuary, where freshwater from the Delaware River mixes with saltwater from the Atlantic Ocean, is one of the largest and most complex of the 28 estuaries in the Na-tional Estuary Program, and the Partnership for the Delaware Estuary works to improve the environmental health of the Delaware Estuary; (17) the Delaware River Basin Commission is a Federal-interstate compact government agency charged with overseeing a unified approach to managing the river system and implementing im-portant water resources management projects and activities throughout the Basin that are in the national interest; (18) restoration activities in the Basin are sup-ported through several Federal and State agen-cy programs, and funding for those important programs should continue and complement the establishment of the Delaware River Basin Res-toration Program, which is intended to build on and help coordinate restoration and protection funding mechanisms at the Federal, State, re-gional, and local levels; and (19) the existing and ongoing voluntary con-servation efforts in the Delaware River Basin necessitate improved efficiency and cost effec-tiveness, as well as increased private-sector in-vestments and coordination of Federal and non- Federal resources. 
SEC. 3502. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) B
ASIN.—The term ‘‘Basin’’ means the 4- State Delaware Basin region, including all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7451 December 8, 2016 
Delaware Bay and portions of the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsyl-vania located in the Delaware River watershed. (2) B
ASIN STATE .—The term ‘‘Basin State’’ means each of the States of Delaware, New Jer-sey, New York, and Pennsylvania. (3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service. (4) G
RANT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘grant pro-gram’’ means the voluntary Delaware River Basin Restoration Grant Program established under section 3504. (5) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the nonregulatory Delaware River Basin res-toration program established under section 3503. (6) R
ESTORATION AND PROTECTION .—The term ‘‘restoration and protection’’ means the con-servation, stewardship, and enhancement of habitat for fish and wildlife to preserve and im-prove ecosystems and ecological processes on which they depend, and for use and enjoyment by the public. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director. (8) S
ERVICE .—The term ‘‘Service’’ means the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
SEC. 3503. PROGRAM ESTABLISHMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish a nonregulatory program to be known as the ‘‘Delaware River Basin res-toration program’’. (b) D
UTIES .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall— (1) draw on existing plans for the Basin, or portions of the Basin, and work in consultation with applicable management entities, including representatives of the Partnership for the Dela-ware Estuary, the Delaware River Basin Com-mission, the Federal Government, and other State and local governments, and regional orga-nizations, as appropriate, to identify, prioritize, and implement restoration and protection activi-ties within the Basin; (2) adopt a Basinwide strategy that— (A) supports the implementation of a shared set of science-based restoration and protection activities developed in accordance with para-graph (1); (B) targets cost-effective projects with measur-able results; and (C) maximizes conservation outcomes with no net gain of Federal full-time equivalent employ-ees; and (3) establish the voluntary grant and tech-nical assistance programs in accordance with section 3504. (c) C
OORDINATION .—In establishing the pro-gram, the Secretary shall consult, as appro-priate, with— (1) the heads of Federal agencies, including— (A) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; (B) the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) the Chief of the Natural Resources Con-servation Service; (D) the Chief of Engineers; and (E) the head of any other applicable agency; (2) the Governors of the Basin States; (3) the Partnership for the Delaware Estuary; (4) the Delaware River Basin Commission; (5) fish and wildlife joint venture partner-ships; and (6) other public agencies and organizations with authority for the planning and implemen-tation of conservation strategies in the Basin. (d) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the program include— (1) coordinating restoration and protection ac-tivities among Federal, State, local, and re-gional entities and conservation partners throughout the Basin; and (2) carrying out coordinated restoration and protection activities, and providing for technical assistance throughout the Basin and Basin States— (A) to sustain and enhance fish and wildlife habitat restoration and protection activities; (B) to improve and maintain water quality to support fish and wildlife, as well as the habitats of fish and wildlife, and drinking water for peo-ple; (C) to sustain and enhance water manage-ment for volume and flood damage mitigation improvements to benefit fish and wildlife habi-tat; (D) to improve opportunities for public access and recreation in the Basin consistent with the ecological needs of fish and wildlife habitat; (E) to facilitate strategic planning to maximize the resilience of natural systems and habitats under changing watershed conditions; (F) to engage the public through outreach, education, and citizen involvement, to increase capacity and support for coordinated restora-tion and protection activities in the Basin; (G) to increase scientific capacity to support the planning, monitoring, and research activi-ties necessary to carry out coordinated restora-tion and protection activities; and (H) to provide technical assistance to carry out restoration and protection activities in the Basin. SEC. 3504. GRANTS AND ASSISTANCE. 
(a) D ELAWARE RIVER BASIN RESTORATION  G
RANT PROGRAM .—To the extent that funds are available to carry out this section, the Secretary shall establish a voluntary grant and technical assistance program to be known as the ‘‘Dela-ware River Basin Restoration Grant Program’’ to provide competitive matching grants of vary-ing amounts to State and local governments, nonprofit organizations, institutions of higher education, and other eligible entities to carry out activities described in section 3503(d). (b) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary, in consultation with the organizations described in section 3503(c), shall develop criteria for the grant pro-gram to help ensure that activities funded under this section accomplish one or more of the pur-poses identified in section 3503(d)(2) and ad-vance the implementation of priority actions or needs identified in the Basinwide strategy adopted under section 3503(b)(2). (c) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project funded under the grant pro-gram shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the activity, as determined by the Secretary. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share of the cost of a project funded under the grant program may be provided in cash or in the form of an in-kind contribution of services or materials. 
SEC. 3505. ANNUAL LETTER. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a detailed letter on the implementation of this subtitle, in-cluding a description of each project that has received funding under this subtitle. 
SEC. 3506. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR FEDERAL ACQUISITION OF INTER-ESTS IN LAND. 
No funds may be appropriated or used under this subtitle for acquisition by the Federal Gov-ernment of any interest in land. 
SEC. 3507. SUNSET. 
This subtitle shall have no force or effect after September 30, 2023. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 3601. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION DAKOTAS AREA OFFICE PERMIT FEES FOR CABINS AND TRAILERS. 
During the period ending 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall not increase the permit fee for a cabin or trailer on land in the State of North Dakota administered by the Dakotas Area Of-fice of the Bureau of Reclamation by more than 33 percent of the permit fee that was in effect on January 1, 2016. SEC. 3602. USE OF TRAILER HOMES AT HEART BUTTE DAM AND RESERVOIR (LAKE TSCHIDA). 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DDITION .—The term ‘‘addition’’ means any enclosed structure added onto the structure of a trailer home that increases the living area of the trailer home. (2) C
AMPER OR RECREATIONAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘camper or recreational vehicle’’ in-cludes— (A) a camper, motorhome, trailer camper, bumper hitch camper, fifth wheel camper, or equivalent mobile shelter; and (B) a recreational vehicle. (3) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘‘immediate family’’ means a spouse, grandparent, parent, sibling, child, or grandchild. (4) P
ERMIT .—The term ‘‘permit’’ means a per-mit issued by the Secretary authorizing the use of a lot in a trailer area. (5) P
ERMIT YEAR .—The term ‘‘permit year’’ means the period beginning on April 1 of a cal-endar year and ending on March 31 of the fol-lowing calendar year. (6) P
ERMITTEE .—The term ‘‘permittee’’ means a person holding a permit. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (8) T
RAILER AREA .—The term ‘‘trailer area’’ means any of the following areas at Heart Butte Dam and Reservoir (Lake Tschida) (as described in the document of the Bureau of Reclamation entitled ‘‘Heart Butte Reservoir Resource Man-agement Plan’’ (March 2008)): (A) Trailer Area 1 and 2, also known as Man-agement Unit 034. (B) Southside Trailer Area, also known as Management Unit 014. (9) T
RAILER HOME .—The term ‘‘trailer home’’ means a dwelling placed on a supporting frame that— (A) has or had a tow-hitch; and (B) is made mobile, or is capable of being made mobile, by an axle and wheels. (b) P
ERMIT RENEWAL AND PERMITTED USE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the same permit renewal process for trailer area per-mits as the Secretary uses for other permit re-newals in other reservoirs in the State of North Dakota administered by the Dakotas Area Of-fice of the Bureau of Reclamation. (2) T
RAILER HOMES .—With respect to a trailer home, a permit for each permit year shall au-thorize the permittee— (A) to park the trailer home on the lot; (B) to use the trailer home on the lot; (C) to physically move the trailer home on and off the lot; and (D) to leave on the lot any addition, deck, porch, entryway, step to the trailer home, pro-pane tank, or storage shed. (3) C
AMPERS OR RECREATIONAL VEHICLES .— With respect to a camper or recreational vehicle, a permit shall, for each permit year— (A) from April 1 to October 31, authorize the permittee— (i) to park the camper or recreational vehicle on the lot; (ii) to use the camper or recreational vehicle on the lot; and (iii) to move the camper or recreational vehicle on and off the lot; and (B) from November 1 to March 31, require a permittee to remove the camper or recreational vehicle from the lot. (c) R
EMOVAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may require removal of a trailer home from a lot in a trailer area if the trailer home is flooded after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
EMOVAL AND NEW USE .—If the Secretary requires removal of a trailer home under para-graph (1), on request by the permittee, the Sec-retary shall authorize the permittee— (A) to replace the trailer home on the lot with a camper or recreational vehicle in accordance with this section; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7452 December 8, 2016 
(B) to place a trailer home on the lot from April 1 to October 31. (d) T
RANSFER OF PERMITS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF TRAILER HOME TITLE .—If a permittee transfers title to a trailer home per-mitted on a lot in a trailer area, the Secretary shall issue a permit to the transferee, under the same terms as the permit applicable on the date of transfer, subject to the conditions described in paragraph (3). (2) T
RANSFER OF CAMPER OR RECREATIONAL  
VEHICLE TITLE .—If a permittee who has a permit to use a camper or recreational vehicle on a lot in a trailer area transfers title to the interests of the permittee on or to the lot, the Secretary shall issue a permit to the transferee, subject to the conditions described in paragraph (3). (3) C
ONDITIONS .—A permit issued by the Sec-retary under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be sub-ject to the following conditions: (A) A permit may not be held in the name of a corporation. (B) A permittee may not have an interest in, or control of, more than 1 seasonal trailer home site in the Great Plains Region of the Bureau of Reclamation, inclusive of sites located on tracts permitted to organized groups on Reclamation reservoirs. (C) Not more than 2 persons may be permittees under 1 permit, unless— (i) approved by the Secretary; or (ii) the additional persons are immediate fam-ily members of the permittees. (e) A
NCHORING REQUIREMENTS FOR TRAILER  H
OMES .—The Secretary shall require compliance with appropriate anchoring requirements for each trailer home (including additions to the trailer home) and other objects on a lot in a trailer area, as determined by the Secretary, after consulting with permittees. (f) R
EPLACEMENT , REMOVAL , ANDRETURN .— (1) R
EPLACEMENT .—Permittees may replace their trailer home with another trailer home. (2) R
EMOVAL AND RETURN .—Permittees may— (A) remove their trailer home; and (B) if the permittee removes their trailer home under subparagraph (A), return the trailer home to the lot of the permittee. (g) L
IABILITY ; TAKING .— (1) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for flood damage to the personal property of a permittee or for damages arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to a lot to which a permit applies, other than for damages caused by an act or omission of the United States or an employee, agent, or contractor of the United States before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
AKING .—Any temporary flooding or flood damage to the personal property of a permittee shall not be a taking by the United States. 
SEC. 3603. LAKE TAHOE RESTORATION. 
(a) F INDINGS AND PURPOSES .—The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 2 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— ‘‘(1) Lake Tahoe— ‘‘(A) is one of the largest, deepest, and clear-est lakes in the world; ‘‘(B) has a cobalt blue color, a biologically di-verse alpine setting, and remarkable water clar-ity; and ‘‘(C) is recognized nationally and worldwide as a natural resource of special significance; ‘‘(2) in addition to being a scenic and ecologi-cal treasure, the Lake Tahoe Basin is one of the outstanding recreational resources of the United States, which— ‘‘(A) offers skiing, water sports, biking, camp-ing, and hiking to millions of visitors each year; and ‘‘(B) contributes significantly to the economies of California, Nevada, and the United States; ‘‘(3) the economy in the Lake Tahoe Basin is dependent on the conservation and restoration of the natural beauty and recreation opportuni-ties in the area; ‘‘(4) the ecological health of the Lake Tahoe Basin continues to be challenged by the impacts of land use and transportation patterns devel-oped in the last century; ‘‘(5) the alteration of wetland, wet meadows, and stream zone habitat have compromised the capacity of the watershed to filter sediment, nu-trients, and pollutants before reaching Lake Tahoe; ‘‘(6) forests in the Lake Tahoe Basin suffer from over a century of fire damage and periodic drought, which have resulted in— ‘‘(A) high tree density and mortality; ‘‘(B) the loss of biological diversity; and ‘‘(C) a large quantity of combustible forest fuels, which significantly increases the threat of catastrophic fire and insect infestation; ‘‘(7) the establishment of several aquatic and terrestrial invasive species (including perennial pepperweed, milfoil, and Asian clam) threatens the ecosystem of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(8) there is an ongoing threat to the economy and ecosystem of the Lake Tahoe Basin of the introduction and establishment of other invasive species (such as yellow starthistle, New Zealand mud snail, Zebra mussel, and quagga mussel); ‘‘(9) 78 percent of the land in the Lake Tahoe Basin is administered by the Federal Govern-ment, which makes it a Federal responsibility to restore ecological health to the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(10) the Federal Government has a long his-tory of environmental stewardship at Lake Tahoe, including— ‘‘(A) congressional consent to the establish-ment of the Planning Agency with— ‘‘(i) the enactment in 1969 of Public Law 91– 148 (83 Stat. 360); and ‘‘(ii) the enactment in 1980 of Public Law 96– 551 (94 Stat. 3233); ‘‘(B) the establishment of the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit in 1973; ‘‘(C) the enactment of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381) in 1980 to provide for the acquisition of environmentally sensitive land and erosion control grants in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(D) the enactment of sections 341 and 342 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–108; 117 Stat. 1317), which amended the Southern Nevada Public Land Management Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–263; 112 Stat. 2346) to provide payments for the environmental restora-tion programs under this Act; and ‘‘(E) the enactment of section 382 of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3045), which amended the Southern Nevada Public Land Management Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–263; 112 Stat. 2346) to authorize development and implementation of a comprehensive 10-year hazardous fuels and fire prevention plan for the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(11) the Assistant Secretary was an original signatory in 1997 to the Agreement of Federal Departments on Protection of the Environment and Economic Health of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(12) the Chief of Engineers, under direction from the Assistant Secretary, has continued to be a significant contributor to Lake Tahoe Basin restoration, including— ‘‘(A) stream and wetland restoration; and ‘‘(B) programmatic technical assistance; ‘‘(13) at the Lake Tahoe Presidential Forum in 1997, the President renewed the commitment of the Federal Government to Lake Tahoe by— ‘‘(A) committing to increased Federal re-sources for ecological restoration at Lake Tahoe; and ‘‘(B) establishing the Federal Interagency Partnership and Federal Advisory Committee to consult on natural resources issues concerning the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(14) at the 2011 and 2012 Lake Tahoe Fo-rums, Senator Reid, Senator Feinstein, Senator Heller, Senator Ensign, Governor Gibbons, Gov-ernor Sandoval, and Governor Brown— ‘‘(A) renewed their commitment to Lake Tahoe; and ‘‘(B) expressed their desire to fund the Federal and State shares of the Environmental Improve-ment Program through 2022; ‘‘(15) since 1997, the Federal Government, the States of California and Nevada, units of local government, and the private sector have contrib-uted more than $1,955,500,000 to the Lake Tahoe Basin, including— ‘‘(A) $635,400,000 from the Federal Govern-ment; ‘‘(B) $758,600,000 from the State of California; ‘‘(C) $123,700,000 from the State of Nevada; ‘‘(D) $98,900,000 from units of local govern-ment; and ‘‘(E) $338,900,000 from private interests; ‘‘(16) significant additional investment from Federal, State, local, and private sources is nec-essary— ‘‘(A) to restore and sustain the ecological health of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(B) to adapt to the impacts of fluctuating water temperature and precipitation; and ‘‘(C) to prevent the introduction and estab-lishment of invasive species in the Lake Tahoe Basin; and ‘‘(17) the Secretary has indicated that the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit has the capacity for at least $10,000,000 annually for the Fire Risk Reduction and Forest Management Program. ‘‘(b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are— ‘‘(1) to enable the Chief of the Forest Service, the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service, and the Administrator, in coopera-tion with the Planning Agency and the States of California and Nevada, to fund, plan, and im-plement significant new environmental restora-tion activities and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(2) to ensure that Federal, State, local, re-gional, tribal, and private entities continue to work together to manage land in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(3) to support local governments in efforts re-lated to environmental restoration, stormwater pollution control, fire risk reduction, and forest management activities; and ‘‘(4) to ensure that agency and science com-munity representatives in the Lake Tahoe Basin work together— ‘‘(A) to develop and implement a plan for inte-grated monitoring, assessment, and applied re-search to evaluate the effectiveness of the Envi-ronmental Improvement Program; and ‘‘(B) to provide objective information as a basis for ongoing decisionmaking, with an em-phasis on decisionmaking relating to resource management in the Lake Tahoe Basin.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—The Lake Tahoe Restora-tion Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 3 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘Assist-ant Secretary’ means the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works. ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—The term ‘Chair’ means the Chair of the Federal Partnership. ‘‘(4) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘Compact’ means the Tahoe Regional Planning Compact included in the first section of Public Law 96–551 (94 Stat. 3233). ‘‘(5) D
IRECTORS .—The term ‘Directors’ means— ‘‘(A) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and ‘‘(B) the Director of the United States Geologi-cal Survey. ‘‘(6) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPROVEMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘Environmental Improvement Program’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7453 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(A) the Environmental Improvement Program adopted by the Planning Agency; and ‘‘(B) any amendments to the Program. ‘‘(7) E
NVIRONMENTAL THRESHOLD CARRYING  
CAPACITY .—The term ‘environmental threshold carrying capacity’ has the meaning given the term in Article II of the Compact. ‘‘(8) F
EDERAL PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘Fed-eral Partnership’ means the Lake Tahoe Federal Interagency Partnership established by Execu-tive Order 13057 (62 Fed. Reg. 41249) (or a suc-cessor Executive order). ‘‘(9) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘forest management activity’ includes— ‘‘(A) prescribed burning for ecosystem health and hazardous fuels reduction; ‘‘(B) mechanical and minimum tool treatment; ‘‘(C) stream environment zone restoration and other watershed and wildlife habitat enhance-ments; ‘‘(D) nonnative invasive species management; and ‘‘(E) other activities consistent with Forest Service practices, as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(10) M
APS.—The term ‘Maps’ means the maps— ‘‘(A) entitled— ‘‘(i) ‘LTRA USFS–CA Land Exchange/North Shore’; ‘‘(ii) ‘LTRA USFS–CA Land Exchange/West Shore’; and ‘‘(iii) ‘LTRA USFS–CA Land Exchange/South Shore’; and ‘‘(B) dated January 4, 2016, and on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of— ‘‘(i) the Forest Service; ‘‘(ii) the California Tahoe Conservancy; and ‘‘(iii) the California Department of Parks and Recreation. ‘‘(11) N
ATIONAL WILDLAND FIRE CODE .—The term ‘national wildland fire code’ means— ‘‘(A) the most recent publication of the Na-tional Fire Protection Association codes num-bered 1141, 1142, 1143, and 1144; ‘‘(B) the most recent publication of the Inter-national Wildland-Urban Interface Code of the International Code Council; or ‘‘(C) any other code that the Secretary deter-mines provides the same, or better, standards for protection against wildland fire as a code de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(12) P
LANNING AGENCY .—The term ‘Planning Agency’ means the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency established under Public Law 91–148 (83 Stat. 360) and Public Law 96–551 (94 Stat. 3233). ‘‘(13) P
RIORITY LIST .—The term ‘Priority List’ means the environmental restoration priority list developed under section 5(b). ‘‘(14) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(15) S
TREAM ENVIRONMENT ZONE .—The term ‘Stream Environment Zone’ means an area that generally owes the biological and physical char-acteristics of the area to the presence of surface water or groundwater. ‘‘(16) T
OTAL MAXIMUM DAILY LOAD .—The term ‘total maximum daily load’ means the total max-imum daily load allocations adopted under sec-tion 303(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1313(d)). ‘‘(17) W
ATERCRAFT .—The term ‘watercraft’ means motorized and non-motorized watercraft, including boats, seaplanes, personal watercraft, kayaks, and canoes.’’. (c) I
MPROVED ADMINISTRATION OF THE LAKE T
AHOE BASIN MANAGEMENT UNIT.—Section 4 of the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2353) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘basin’’ and inserting ‘‘Basin’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In conducting forest man-agement activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit, the Secretary shall, as ap-propriate, coordinate with the Administrator and State and local agencies and organizations, including local fire departments and volunteer groups. ‘‘(B) GOALS.—The coordination of activities under subparagraph (A) should aim to increase efficiencies and maximize the compatibility of management practices across public property boundaries. ‘‘(2) M
ULTIPLE BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In conducting forest man-agement activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit, the Secretary shall conduct the activities in a manner that— ‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph (B), attains multiple ecosystem benefits, including— ‘‘(I) reducing forest fuels; ‘‘(II) maintaining biological diversity; ‘‘(III) improving wetland and water quality, including in Stream Environment Zones; and ‘‘(IV) increasing resilience to changing water temperature and precipitation; and ‘‘(ii) helps achieve and maintain the environ-mental threshold carrying capacities established by the Planning Agency. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A)(i), the attainment of multiple eco-system benefits shall not be required if the Sec-retary determines that management for multiple ecosystem benefits would excessively increase the cost of a program in relation to the addi-tional ecosystem benefits gained from the man-agement activity. ‘‘(3) G
ROUND DISTURBANCE .—Consistent with applicable Federal law and Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit land and resource manage-ment plan direction, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) establish post-program ground condition criteria for ground disturbance caused by forest management activities; and ‘‘(B) provide for monitoring to ascertain the attainment of the post-program conditions. ‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION  
FOR CERTAIN FOREST MANAGEMENT PROJECTS .—A forest management activity conducted in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit for the purpose of reducing forest fuels is categorically excluded from the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) if the forest management activity— ‘‘(A) notwithstanding section 423 of the De-partment of the Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2009 (divi-sion E of Public Law 111–8; 123 Stat. 748), does not exceed 10,000 acres, including not more than 3,000 acres of mechanical thinning; ‘‘(B) is developed— ‘‘(i) in coordination with impacted parties, specifically including representatives of local governments, such as county supervisors or county commissioners; and ‘‘(ii) in consultation with other interested par-ties; and ‘‘(C) is consistent with the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit land and resource manage-ment plan. ‘‘(d) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and paragraph (2), the Federal land lo-cated in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit is withdrawn from— ‘‘(A) all forms of entry, appropriation, or dis-posal under the public land laws; ‘‘(B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and ‘‘(C) disposition under all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—A conveyance of land shall be exempt from withdrawal under this sub-section if carried out under— ‘‘(A) this Act; or ‘‘(B) Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381) (com-monly known as the ‘Santini-Burton Act’). ‘‘(e) E
NVIRONMENTAL THRESHOLD CARRYING  C
APACITY .—The Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit shall support the attainment of the envi-ronmental threshold carrying capacities. ‘‘(f) COOPERATIVE AUTHORITIES .—During the 4 fiscal years following the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Secretary, in conjunction with land adjust-ment programs, may enter into contracts and co-operative agreements with States, units of local government, and other public and private enti-ties to provide for fuel reduction, erosion con-trol, reforestation, Stream Environment Zone restoration, and similar management activities on Federal land and non-Federal land within the programs.’’. (d) A
UTHORIZED PROGRAMS .—The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 5 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, the Assist-ant Secretary, the Directors, and the Adminis-trator, in coordination with the Planning Agen-cy and the States of California and Nevada, may carry out or provide financial assistance to any program that— ‘‘(1) is described in subsection (d); ‘‘(2) is included in the Priority List under sub-section (b); and ‘‘(3) furthers the purposes of the Environ-mental Improvement Program if the program has been subject to environmental review and ap-proval, respectively, as required under Federal law, Article VII of the Compact, and State law, as applicable. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITY LIST.— ‘‘(1) D
EADLINE .—Not later than March 15 of the year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Chair, in consultation with the Secretary, the Administrator, the Directors, the Planning Agency, the States of California and Nevada, the Federal Partnership, the Washoe Tribe, the Lake Tahoe Federal Advisory Committee, and the Tahoe Science Consortium (or a successor organization) shall submit to Congress a prioritized Environmental Improvement Program list for the Lake Tahoe Basin for the program categories described in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The ranking of the Priority List shall be based on the best available science and the following criteria: ‘‘(A) The 4-year threshold carrying capacity evaluation. ‘‘(B) The ability to measure progress or suc-cess of the program. ‘‘(C) The potential to significantly contribute to the achievement and maintenance of the en-vironmental threshold carrying capacities iden-tified in Article II of the Compact. ‘‘(D) The ability of a program to provide mul-tiple benefits. ‘‘(E) The ability of a program to leverage non- Federal contributions. ‘‘(F) Stakeholder support for the program. ‘‘(G) The justification of Federal interest. ‘‘(H) Agency priority. ‘‘(I) Agency capacity. ‘‘(J) Cost-effectiveness. ‘‘(K) Federal funding history. ‘‘(3) R
EVISIONS .—The Priority List submitted under paragraph (1) shall be revised every 2 years. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts made avail-able under section 10(a), $80,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out projects listed on the Priority List. ‘‘(c) R
ESTRICTION .—The Administrator shall use not more than 3 percent of the funds pro-vided under subsection (a) for administering the programs described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (d). ‘‘(d) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) F
IRE RISK REDUCTION AND FOREST MAN -
AGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $150,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out, including by making grants, the following pro-grams: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7454 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(i) Programs identified as part of the Lake Tahoe Basin Multi-Jurisdictional Fuel Reduc-tion and Wildfire Prevention Strategy 10-Year Plan. ‘‘(ii) Competitive grants for fuels work to be awarded by the Secretary to communities that have adopted national wildland fire codes to im-plement the applicable portion of the 10-year plan described in clause (i). ‘‘(iii) Biomass programs, including feasibility assessments. ‘‘(iv) Angora Fire Restoration under the juris-diction of the Secretary. ‘‘(v) Washoe Tribe programs on tribal lands within the Lake Tahoe Basin. ‘‘(vi) Development of an updated Lake Tahoe Basin multijurisdictional fuel reduction and wildfire prevention strategy, consistent with sec-tion 4(c). ‘‘(vii) Development of updated community wildfire protection plans by local fire districts. ‘‘(viii) Municipal water infrastructure that significantly improves the firefighting capability of local government within the Lake Tahoe Basin. ‘‘(ix) Stewardship end result contracting projects carried out under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c). ‘‘(B) M
INIMUM ALLOCATION .—Of the amounts made available to the Secretary to carry out subparagraph (A), at least $100,000,000 shall be used by the Secretary for programs under sub-paragraph (A)(i). ‘‘(C) P
RIORITY .—Units of local government that have dedicated funding for inspections and enforcement of defensible space regulations shall be given priority for amounts provided under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition on the re-ceipt of funds, communities or local fire districts that receive funds under this paragraph shall provide a 25-percent match. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM OF NON -FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share re-quired under clause (i) may be in the form of cash contributions or in-kind contributions, in-cluding providing labor, equipment, supplies, space, and other operational needs. ‘‘(II) C
REDIT FOR CERTAIN DEDICATED FUND -
ING.—There shall be credited toward the non- Federal share required under clause (i) any dedicated funding of the communities or local fire districts for a fuels reduction management program, defensible space inspections, or door-yard chipping. ‘‘(III) D
OCUMENTATION .—Communities and local fire districts shall— ‘‘(aa) maintain a record of in-kind contribu-tions that describes— ‘‘(AA) the monetary value of the in-kind con-tributions; and ‘‘(BB) the manner in which the in-kind con-tributions assist in accomplishing program goals and objectives; and ‘‘(bb) document in all requests for Federal funding, and include in the total program budg-et, evidence of the commitment to provide the non-Federal share through in-kind contribu-tions. ‘‘(2) I
NVASIVE SPECIES MANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $45,000,000 shall be made available to the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the Aquatic Invasive Species Program and the watercraft in-spections described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .—The Direc-tor of the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, in coordination with the Assistant Sec-retary, the Planning Agency, the California De-partment of Fish and Wildlife, and the Nevada Department of Wildlife, shall deploy strategies consistent with the Lake Tahoe Aquatic Invasive Species Management Plan to prevent the introduction or spread of aquatic invasive species in the Lake Tahoe region. ‘‘(C) CRITERIA .—The strategies referred to in subparagraph (B) shall provide that— ‘‘(i) combined inspection and decontamination stations be established and operated at not less than 2 locations in the Lake Tahoe region; and ‘‘(ii) watercraft not be allowed to launch in waters of the Lake Tahoe region if the watercraft has not been inspected in accordance with the Lake Tahoe Aquatic Invasive Species Management Plan. ‘‘(D) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Planning Agency may certify State and local agencies to perform the decontamination activities described in sub-paragraph (C)(i) at locations outside the Lake Tahoe Basin if standards at the sites meet or ex-ceed standards for similar sites in the Lake Tahoe Basin established under this paragraph. ‘‘(E) A
PPLICABILITY .—The strategies and cri-teria developed under this paragraph shall apply to all watercraft to be launched on water within the Lake Tahoe region. ‘‘(F) F
EES.—The Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service may collect and spend fees for decontamination only at a level suffi-cient to cover the costs of operation of inspec-tion and decontamination stations under this paragraph. ‘‘(G) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any person that launches, attempts to launch, or facilitates launching of watercraft not in compliance with strategies de-ployed under this paragraph shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $1,000 per violation. ‘‘(ii) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Any penalties as-sessed under this subparagraph shall be sepa-rate from penalties assessed under any other au-thority. ‘‘(H) L
IMITATION .—The strategies and criteria under subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, may be modified if the Secretary of the Interior, in a nondelegable capacity and in consultation with the Planning Agency and State govern-ments, issues a determination that alternative measures will be no less effective at preventing introduction of aquatic invasive species into Lake Tahoe than the strategies and criteria de-veloped under subparagraphs (B) and (C), re-spectively. ‘‘(I) S
UPPLEMENTAL AUTHORITY .—The author-ity under this paragraph is supplemental to all actions taken by non-Federal regulatory au-thorities. ‘‘(J) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this title re-stricts, affects, or amends any other law or the authority of any department, instrumentality, or agency of the United States, or any State or political subdivision thereof, respecting the con-trol of invasive species. ‘‘(3) S
TORMWATER MANAGEMENT , EROSION CON -
TROL, AND TOTAL WATERSHED RESTORATION .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $113,000,000 shall be made available— ‘‘(A) to the Secretary, the Secretary of the In-terior, the Assistant Secretary, or the Adminis-trator for the Federal share of stormwater man-agement and related programs consistent with the adopted Total Maximum Daily Load and near-shore water quality goals; ‘‘(B) for grants by the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator to carry out the programs described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) to the Secretary or the Assistant Sec-retary for the Federal share of the Upper Truck-ee River restoration programs and other water-shed restoration programs identified in the Pri-ority List established under section 5(b); and ‘‘(D) for grants by the Administrator to carry out the programs described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL STATUS SPECIES MANAGEMENT .— Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $20,000,000 shall be made available to the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the Lahontan Cutthroat Trout Re-covery Program.’’. (e) P
ROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .—The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 6 and inserting the following: ‘‘SEC. 6. PROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND AC-COUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made avail-able under section 10(a), not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) P
LANNING AGENCY .—Of the amounts de-scribed in paragraph (1), not less than 50 per-cent shall be made available to the Planning Agency to carry out the program oversight and coordination activities established under sub-section (d). ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary, the Administrator, and the Direc-tors shall, as appropriate and in a timely man-ner, consult with the heads of the Washoe Tribe, applicable Federal, State, regional, and local governmental agencies, and the Lake Tahoe Federal Advisory Committee. ‘‘(c) C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS ; INTERAGENCY  A
GREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary may enter into interagency agreements with non-Federal interests in the Lake Tahoe Basin to use Lake Tahoe Partnership-Miscellaneous General Investigations funds to provide pro-grammatic technical assistance for the Environ-mental Improvement Program. ‘‘(2) L
OCAL COOPERATION AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before providing technical assistance under this section, the Assistant Sec-retary shall enter into a local cooperation agree-ment with a non-Federal interest to provide for the technical assistance. ‘‘(B) C
OMPONENTS .—The agreement entered into under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) describe the nature of the technical assist-ance; ‘‘(ii) describe any legal and institutional structures necessary to ensure the effective long- term viability of the end products by the non- Federal interest; and ‘‘(iii) include cost-sharing provisions in ac-cordance with subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal share of pro-gram costs under each local cooperation agree-ment under this paragraph shall be 65 percent. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM.—The Federal share may be in the form of reimbursements of program costs. ‘‘(iii) C
REDIT .—The non-Federal interest may receive credit toward the non-Federal share for the reasonable costs of related technical activi-ties completed by the non-Federal interest before entering into a local cooperation agreement with the Assistant Secretary under this paragraph. ‘‘(d) E
FFECTIVENESS EVALUATION AND MONI-
TORING .—In carrying out this Act, the Sec-retary, the Administrator, and the Directors, in coordination with the Planning Agency and the States of California and Nevada, shall— ‘‘(1) develop and implement a plan for inte-grated monitoring, assessment, and applied re-search to evaluate the effectiveness of the Envi-ronmental Improvement Program; ‘‘(2) include funds in each program funded under this section for monitoring and assess-ment of results at the program level; and ‘‘(3) use the integrated multiagency perform-ance measures established under this section. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than March 15 of each year, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Chair, the Administrator, the Directors, the Planning Agency, and the States of California and Nevada, consistent with subsection (a), shall submit to Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the status of all Federal, State, local, and private programs authorized under this Act, in-cluding to the maximum extent practicable, for programs that will receive Federal funds under this Act during the current or subsequent fiscal year— ‘‘(A) the program scope; ‘‘(B) the budget for the program; and ‘‘(C) the justification for the program, con-sistent with the criteria established in section 5(b)(2); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7455 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(2) Federal, State, local, and private expend-itures in the preceding fiscal year to implement the Environmental Improvement Program; ‘‘(3) accomplishments in the preceding fiscal year in implementing this Act in accordance with the performance measures and other moni-toring and assessment activities; and ‘‘(4) public education and outreach efforts un-dertaken to implement programs authorized under this Act. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN.—As part of the annual budget of the President, the President shall submit information regarding each Federal agency involved in the Environmental Improve-ment Program (including the Forest Service, the Environmental Protection Agency, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the United States Geological Survey, and the Corps of Engi-neers), including— ‘‘(1) an interagency crosscut budget that dis-plays the proposed budget for use by each Fed-eral agency in carrying out restoration activities relating to the Environmental Improvement Pro-gram for the following fiscal year; ‘‘(2) a detailed accounting of all amounts re-ceived and obligated by Federal agencies to achieve the goals of the Environmental Improve-ment Program during the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) a description of the Federal role in the Environmental Improvement Program, including the specific role of each agency involved in the restoration of the Lake Tahoe Basin.’’. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS ; UPDATES TO  R
ELATED LAWS.— (1) L
AKE TAHOE RESTORATION ACT .—The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended— (A) by striking sections 8 and 9; (B) by redesignating sections 10, 11, and 12 as sections 8, 9, and 10, respectively; and (C) in section 9 (as redesignated by subpara-graph (B)) by inserting ‘‘, Director, or Adminis-trator’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’. (2) T
AHOE REGIONAL PLANNING COMPACT .— Subsection (c) of Article V of the Tahoe Re-gional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3240) is amended in the third sentence by inserting ‘‘and, in so doing, shall ensure that the regional plan reflects changing economic conditions and the economic effect of regulation on commerce’’ after ‘‘maintain the regional plan’’. (3) T
REATMENT UNDER TITLE 49 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Section 5303(r)(2)(C) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and 25 square miles of land area’’ after ‘‘145,000’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and 12 square miles of land area’’ after ‘‘65,000’’. (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106– 506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking sec-tion 10 (as redesignated by subsection (f)(1)(B)) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $415,000,000 for a period of 7 fiscal years beginning the first fiscal year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2016. ‘‘(b) E
FFECT ON OTHER FUNDS.—Amounts au-thorized under this section and any amendments made by this Act— ‘‘(1) shall be in addition to any other amounts made available to the Secretary, the Adminis-trator, or the Directors for expenditure in the Lake Tahoe Basin; and ‘‘(2) shall not reduce allocations for other Re-gions of the Forest Service, the Environmental Protection Agency, or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. ‘‘(c) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in subsection (d) and section 5(d)(1)(D), funds for activities carried out under section 5 shall be available for obligation on a 1- to-1 basis with funding of restoration activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin by the States of Cali-fornia and Nevada. ‘‘(d) RELOCATION COSTS.—Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Secretary shall provide to local utility districts two-thirds of the costs of relocating facilities in connection with— ‘‘(1) environmental restoration programs under sections 5 and 6; and ‘‘(2) erosion control programs under section 2 of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381). ‘‘(e) S
IGNAGE .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, a program provided assistance under this Act shall include appropriate signage at the program site that— ‘‘(1) provides information to the public on— ‘‘(A) the amount of Federal funds being pro-vided to the program; and ‘‘(B) this Act; and ‘‘(2) displays the visual identity mark of the Environmental Improvement Program.’’. (1) L
AND TRANSFERS TO IMPROVE MANAGEMENT  
EFFICIENCIES OF FEDERAL AND STATE LAND .— Section 3(b) of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3384) (commonly known as the ‘‘Santini-Burton Act’’) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) Lands’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF ACQUIRED LAND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Land’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ALIFORNIA CONVEYANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the State of California (acting through the California Tahoe Conser-vancy and the California Department of Parks and Recreation) offers to donate to the United States the non-Federal land described in sub-paragraph (B)(i), the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may accept the offer; and ‘‘(ii) convey to the State of California, subject to valid existing rights and for no consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .— ‘‘(i) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The non-Federal land referred to in subparagraph (A) includes— ‘‘(I) the approximately 1,936 acres of land ad-ministered by the California Tahoe Conservancy and identified on the Maps as ‘Tahoe Conser-vancy to the USFS’; and ‘‘(II) the approximately 183 acres of land ad-ministered by California State Parks and identi-fied on the Maps as ‘Total USFS to California’. ‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL LAND .—The Federal land re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) includes the ap-proximately 1,995 acres of Forest Service land identified on the Maps as ‘U.S. Forest Service to Conservancy and State Parks’. ‘‘(C) C
ONDITIONS .—Any land conveyed under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) be for the purpose of consolidating Fed-eral and State ownerships and improving man-agement efficiencies; ‘‘(ii) not result in any significant changes in the uses of the land; and ‘‘(iii) be subject to the condition that the ap-plicable deed include such terms, restrictions, covenants, conditions, and reservations as the Secretary determines necessary— ‘‘(I) to ensure compliance with this Act; and ‘‘(II) to ensure that the transfer of develop-ment rights associated with the conveyed par-cels shall not be recognized or available for transfer under chapter 51 of the Code of Ordi-nances for the Tahoe Regional Planning Agen-cy. ‘‘(D) C
ONTINUATION OF SPECIAL USE PER -
MITS.—The land conveyance under this para-graph shall be subject to the condition that the State of California accept all special use permits applicable, as of the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, to the land described in subparagraph (B)(ii) for the duration of the special use permits, and subject to the terms and conditions of the special use permits. ‘‘(3) N
EVADA CONVEYANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with this section and on request by the Governor of Ne-vada, the Secretary may transfer the land or in-terests in land described in subparagraph (B) to the State of Nevada without consideration, sub-ject to appropriate deed restrictions to protect the environmental quality and public rec-reational use of the land transferred. ‘‘(B) DESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) includes— ‘‘(i) the approximately 38.68 acres of Forest Service land identified on the map entitled ‘State of Nevada Conveyances’ as ‘Van Sickle Unit USFS Inholding’; and ‘‘(ii) the approximately 92.28 acres of Forest Service land identified on the map entitled ‘State of Nevada Conveyances’ as ‘Lake Tahoe Nevada State Park USFS Inholding’. ‘‘(C) C
ONDITIONS .—Any land conveyed under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) be for the purpose of consolidating Fed-eral and State ownerships and improving man-agement efficiencies; ‘‘(ii) not result in any significant changes in the uses of the land; and ‘‘(iii) be subject to the condition that the ap-plicable deed include such terms, restrictions, covenants, conditions, and reservations as the Secretary determines necessary— ‘‘(I) to ensure compliance with this Act; and ‘‘(II) to ensure that the development rights as-sociated with the conveyed parcels shall not be recognized or available for transfer under sec-tion 90.2 of the Code of Ordinances for the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency. ‘‘(D) C
ONTINUATION OF SPECIAL USE PER -
MITS.—The land conveyance under this para-graph shall be subject to the condition that the State of Nevada accept all special use permits applicable, as of the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, to the land described in subparagraph (B)(ii) for the duration of the special use permits, and subject to the terms and conditions of the special use permits. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION FOR CONVEYANCE OF FOR -
EST SERVICE URBAN LOTS .— ‘‘(A) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY .—Except in the case of land described in paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary of Agriculture may convey any urban lot within the Lake Tahoe Basin under the administrative jurisdiction of the Forest Service. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—A conveyance under subparagraph (A) shall require consideration in an amount equal to the fair market value of the conveyed lot. ‘‘(C) A
VAILABILITY AND USE .—The proceeds from a conveyance under subparagraph (A) shall be retained by the Secretary of Agriculture and used for— ‘‘(i) purchasing inholdings throughout the Lake Tahoe Basin; or ‘‘(ii) providing additional funds to carry out the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) in excess of amounts made available under section 10 of that Act. ‘‘(D) O
BLIGATION LIMIT .—The obligation and expenditure of proceeds retained under this paragraph shall be subject to such fiscal year limitation as may be specified in an Act making appropriations for the Forest Service for a fiscal year. ‘‘(5) R
EVERSION .—If a parcel of land trans-ferred under paragraph (2) or (3) is used in a manner that is inconsistent with the use de-scribed for the parcel of land in paragraph (2) or (3), respectively, the parcel of land, shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a) of the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351), $2,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out the activities under para-graphs (2), (3), and (4). ‘‘(B) O
THER FUNDS .—Of the amounts available to the Secretary under paragraph (1), not less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7456 December 8, 2016 
than 50 percent shall be provided to the Cali-fornia Tahoe Conservancy to facilitate the con-veyance of land described in paragraphs (2) and (3).’’. 
SEC. 3604. TUOLUMNE BAND OF ME-WUK INDIANS. 
(a) F EDERAL LAND.—Subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest (including improvements and appurtenances) of the United States in and to the Federal land described in subsection (b) shall be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians for nongaming pur-poses. (b) L
ANDDESCRIPTION .—The land taken into trust under subsection (a) is the approximately 80 acres of Federal land under the administra-tive jurisdiction of the United States Forest Service, located in Tuolumne County, Cali-fornia, and described as follows: (1) Southwest 1/4 of Southwest 1/4 of Section 2, Township 1 North, Range 16 East. (2) Northeast 1/4 of Northwest 1/4 of Section 11, Township 1 North, Range 16 East of the Mount Diablo Meridian. (c) G
AMING .—Class II and class III gaming (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the In-dian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2703)) shall not be permitted at any time on the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
SEC. 3605. SAN LUIS REY SETTLEMENT AGREE-MENT IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) S ANLUISREYSETTLEMENT AGREEMENT  I
MPLEMENTATION .—The San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act (Public Law 100– 675) is amended by inserting after section 111 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 112. IMPLEMENTATION OF SETTLEMENT. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds and recognizes as follows: ‘‘(1) The City of Escondido, California, the Vista Irrigation District, the San Luis Rey River Indian Water Authority, and the Bands have approved an agreement, dated December 5, 2014, resolving their disputes over the use of certain land and water rights in or near the San Luis Rey River watershed, the terms of which are consistent with this Act. ‘‘(2) The Bands, the San Luis Rey River In-dian Water Authority, the City of Escondido, California, the Vista Irrigation District, and the United States have approved a Settlement Agreement dated January 30, 2015 (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘Settlement Agree-ment’) that conforms to the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(b) A
PPROVAL AND RATIFICATION .—All provi- sions of the Settlement Agreement, including the waivers and releases of the liability of the United States, the provisions regarding allottees, and the provision entitled ‘Effect of Settlement Agreement and Act,’ are hereby approved and ratified. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATIONS .—The Secretary and the Attorney General are authorized to execute, on behalf of the United States, the Settlement Agreement and any amendments approved by the parties as necessary to make the Settlement Agreement consistent with this Act. Such execu-tion shall not constitute a major Federal action under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). The Secretary is further authorized and directed to take all steps that the Secretary may deem necessary or ap-propriate to implement the Settlement Agree-ment and this Act. ‘‘(d) C
ONTINUED FEDERALLY RESERVED AND O
THER WATER RIGHTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including any provisions in this Act, the Bands had, have, and continue to possess federally reserved rights and other water rights held in trust by the United States. ‘‘(2) F
UTURE PROCEEDINGS .—In any pro-ceeding involving the assertion, enforcement, or defense of the rights described in this sub-section, the United States, in its capacity as trustee for any Band, shall not be a required party and any decision by the United States re-garding participation in any such proceeding shall not be subject to judicial review or give rise to any claim for relief against the United States. ‘‘(e) ALLOTTEES .—Congress finds and confirms that the benefits to allottees in the Settlement Agreement, including the remedies and provi-sions requiring that any rights of allottees shall be satisfied from supplemental water and other water available to the Bands or the Indian Water Authority, are equitable and fully satisfy the water rights of the allottees. ‘‘(f) N
OPRECEDENT .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed or interpreted as a precedent for the litigation or settlement of Indian re-served water rights.’’. (b) D
ISBURSEMENT OF FUNDS.—The second sentence of section 105(b)(1) of the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act (Public Law 100–675) is amended by striking the period at the end, and inserting the following: ‘‘, provided that— ‘‘(i) no more than $3,700,000 per year (in prin-cipal, interest or both) may be so allocated; and ‘‘(ii) none of the funds made available by this section shall be available unless the Director of the Office of Management and Budget first cer-tifies in writing to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate that the federal budget will record budgetary outlays from the San Luis Rey Tribal Development Fund of only the monies, not to exceed $3,700,000 annually, that the Secretary of the Treasury, pursuant to this section, allocates and makes available to the Indian Water Au-thority from the trust fund.’’. 
SEC. 3606. TULE RIVER INDIAN TRIBE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), valid, existing rights, and management agree-ments related to easements and rights-of-way, all right, title, and interest (including improve-ments and appurtenances) of the United States in and to the approximately 34 acres of Federal lands generally depicted on the map titled ‘‘Pro-posed Lands to be Held in Trust for the Tule River Tribe’’ and dated May 14, 2015, are hereby held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tule River Indian Tribe. (b) E
ASEMENTS AND RIGHTS -OF-WAY.—For the purposes of subsection (a), valid, existing rights include any easement or right-of-way for which an application is pending with the Bureau of Land Management on the date of the enactment of this Act. If such application is denied upon final action, the valid, existing right related to the application shall cease to exist. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The map referred to in subsection (a) shall be on file and avail-able for public inspection at the office of the California State Director, Bureau of Land Man-agement. (d) C
ONVERSION OF VALID, EXISTING RIGHTS .— (1) C
ONTINUITY OF USE .—Any person claiming in good faith to have valid, existing rights to lands taken into trust by this section may con-tinue to exercise such rights to the same extent that the rights were exercised before the date of the enactment of this Act until the Secretary makes a determination on an application sub-mitted under paragraph (2)(B) or the applica-tion is deemed to be granted under paragraph (3). (2) N
OTICE AND APPLICATION .—Consistent with sections 2800 through 2880 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall notify any person that claims to have valid, existing rights, such as a management agreement, easement, or other right-of-way, to lands taken into trust under subsection (a) that— (A) such lands have been taken into trust; and (B) the person claiming the valid, existing rights has 60 days to submit an application to the Secretary requesting that the valid, existing rights be converted to a long-term easement or other right-of-way. (3) DETERMINATION .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall grant or deny an application sub-mitted under paragraph (2)(B) not later than 180 days after the application is submitted. Such a determination shall be considered a final ac-tion. If the Secretary does not make a deter-mination within 180 days after the application is submitted, the application shall be deemed to be granted. (e) R
ESTRICTION ON GAMING .—Lands taken into trust pursuant to subsection (a) shall not be considered to have been taken into trust for, and shall not be eligible for, class II gaming or class III gaming (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2703)). 
SEC. 3607. MORONGO BAND OF MISSION INDIANS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section, the following definitions apply: (1) B
ANNING .—The term ‘‘Banning’’ means the City of Banning, which is located in Riverside County, California adjacent to the Morongo In-dian Reservation. (2) F
IELDS .—The term ‘‘Fields’’ means Lloyd L. Fields, the owner of record of Parcel A. (3) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map en-titled ‘Morongo Indian Reservation, County of Riverside, State of California Land Exchange Map’, and dated May 22, 2014, which is on file in the Bureau of Land Management State Office in Sacramento, California. (4) P
ARCEL A .—The term ‘‘Parcel A’’ means the approximately 41.15 acres designated on the map as ‘‘Fields lands’’. (5) P
ARCEL B .—The term ‘‘Parcel B’’ means the approximately 41.15 acres designated on the map as ‘‘Morongo lands’’. (6) P
ARCEL C .—The term ‘‘Parcel C’’ means the approximately 1.21 acres designated on the map as ‘‘Banning land’’. (7) P
ARCEL D .—The term ‘‘Parcel D’’ means the approximately 1.76 acres designated on the map as ‘‘Easement to Banning’’. (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (9) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Morongo Band of Mission Indians, a federally recognized Indian tribe. (b) T
RANSFER OF LANDS; TRUST LANDS, EASE-
MENT .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PARCEL A AND PARCEL B AND  
EASEMENT OVER PARCEL D .—Subject to any valid existing rights of any third parties and to legal review and approval of the form and content of any and all instruments of conveyance and poli-cies of title insurance, upon receipt by the Sec-retary of confirmation that Fields has duly exe-cuted and deposited with a mutually acceptable and jointly instructed escrow holder in Cali-fornia a deed conveying clear and unencumbered title to Parcel A to the United States in trust for the exclusive use and benefit of the Tribe, and upon receipt by Fields of con-firmation that the Secretary has duly executed and deposited into escrow with the same mutu-ally acceptable and jointly instructed escrow holder a patent conveying clear and unencumbered title in fee simple to Parcel B to Fields and has duly executed and deposited into escrow with the same mutually acceptable and jointly instructed escrow holder an easement to the City for a public right-of-way over Parcel D, the Secretary shall instruct the escrow holder to simultaneously cause— (A) the patent to Parcel B to be recorded and issued to Fields; (B) the easement over Parcel D to be recorded and issued to the City; and (C) the deed to Parcel A to be delivered to the Secretary, who shall immediately cause said deed to be recorded and held in trust for the Tribe. (2) T
RANSFER OF PARCEL C .—After the simulta-neous transfer of parcels A, B, and D under paragraph (1), upon receipt by the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7457 December 8, 2016 
confirmation that the City has vacated its inter-est in Parcel C pursuant to all applicable State and local laws, the Secretary shall immediately cause Parcel C to be held in trust for the Tribe subject to— (A) any valid existing rights of any third par-ties; and (B) legal review and approval of the form and content of any and all instruments of convey-ance. 
SEC. 3608. CHOCTAW NATION OF OKLAHOMA AND THE CHICKASAW NATION WATER SETTLEMENT. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to permanently resolve and settle those claims to Settlement Area Waters of the Choc-taw Nation of Oklahoma and the Chickasaw Nation as set forth in the Settlement Agreement and this section, including all claims or defenses in and to Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11–927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any future stream adjudication; (2) to approve, ratify, and confirm the Settle-ment Agreement; (3) to authorize and direct the Secretary of the Interior to execute the Settlement Agreement and to perform all obligations of the Secretary of the Interior under the Settlement Agreement and this section; (4) to approve, ratify, and confirm the amend-ed storage contract among the State, the City and the Trust; (5) to authorize and direct the Secretary to approve the amended storage contract for the Corps of Engineers to perform all obligations under the 1974 storage contract, the amended storage contract, and this section; and (6) to authorize all actions necessary for the United States to meet its obligations under the Settlement Agreement, the amended storage con-tract, and this section. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) 1974 
STORAGE CONTRACT .—The term ‘‘1974 storage contract’’ means the contract approved by the Secretary on April 9, 1974, between the Secretary and the Water Conservation Storage Commission of the State of Oklahoma pursuant to section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958, and other applicable Federal law. (2) 2010 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘2010 agree-ment’’ means the agreement entered into among the OWRB and the Trust, dated June 15, 2010, relating to the assignment by the State of the 1974 storage contract and transfer of rights, title, interests, and obligations under that con-tract to the Trust, including the interests of the State in the conservation storage capacity and associated repayment obligations to the United States. (3) A
DMINISTRATIVE SET -ASIDE SUB -
CONTRACTS .—The term ‘‘administrative set-aside subcontracts’’ means the subcontracts the City shall issue for the use of Conservation Storage Capacity in Sardis Lake as provided by section 4 of the amended storage contract. (4) A
LLOTMENT .—The term ‘‘allotment’’ means the land within the Settlement Area held by an allottee subject to a statutory restriction on alienation or held by the United States in trust for the benefit of an allottee. (5) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘allottee’’ means an enrolled member of the Choctaw Nation or cit-izen of the Chickasaw Nation who, or whose es-tate, holds an interest in an allotment. (6) A
MENDED PERMIT APPLICATION .—The term ‘‘amended permit application’’ means the permit application of the City to the OWRB, No. 2007– 17, as amended as provided by the Settlement Agreement. (7) A
MENDED STORAGE CONTRACT TRANSFER  
AGREEMENT ; AMENDED STORAGE CONTRACT .—The terms ‘‘amended storage contract transfer agree-ment’’ and ‘‘amended storage contract’’ mean the 2010 Agreement between the City, the Trust, and the OWRB, as amended, as provided by the Settlement Agreement and this section. (8) ATOKA AND SARDIS CONSERVATION PROJECTS  
FUND .—The term ‘‘Atoka and Sardis Conserva-tion Projects Fund’’ means the Atoka and Sar-dis Conservation Projects Fund established, funded, and managed in accordance with the Settlement Agreement. (9) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means the City of Oklahoma City, or the City and the Trust acting jointly, as applicable. (10) C
ITY PERMIT .—The term ‘‘City permit’’ means any permit issued to the City by the OWRB pursuant to the amended permit applica-tion and consistent with the Settlement Agree-ment. (11) C
ONSERVATION STORAGE CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘conservation storage capacity’’ means the total storage space as stated in the 1974 storage contract in Sardis Lake between elevations 599.0 feet above mean sea level and 542.0 feet above mean sea level, which is estimated to contain 297,200 acre-feet of water after adjustment for sediment deposits, and which may be used for municipal and industrial water supply, fish and wildlife, and recreation. (12) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date on which the Secretary of the Interior publishes in the Fed-eral Register a notice certifying that the condi-tions of subsection (i) have been satisfied. (13) F
UTURE USE STORAGE .—The term ‘‘future use storage’’ means that portion of the con-servation storage capacity that was designated by the 1974 Contract to be utilized for future water use storage and was estimated to contain 155,500 acre feet of water after adjustment for sediment deposits, or 52.322 percent of the con-servation storage capacity. (14) N
ATIONS .—The term ‘‘Nations’’ means, collectively, the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma (‘‘Choctaw Nation’’) and the Chickasaw Nation. (15) O
WRB.—The term ‘‘OWRB’’ means the Oklahoma Water Resources Board. (16) S
ARDIS LAKE .—The term ‘‘Sardis Lake’’ means the reservoir, formerly known as Clayton Lake, whose dam is located in Section 19, Town-ship 2 North, Range 19 East of the Indian Me-ridian, Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, the construction, operation, and maintenance of which was authorized by section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187). (17) S
ETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Set-tlement Agreement’’ means the settlement agree-ment as approved by the Nations, the State, the City, and the Trust effective August 22, 2016, as revised to conform with this section, as applica-ble. (18) S
ETTLEMENT AREA .—The term ‘‘settlement area’’ means— (A) the area lying between— (i) the South Canadian River and Arkansas River to the north; (ii) the Oklahoma–Texas State line to the south; (iii) the Oklahoma–Arkansas State line to the east; and (iv) the 98th Meridian to the west; and (B) the area depicted in Exhibit 1 to the Set-tlement Agreement and generally including the following counties, or portions of, in the State: (i) Atoka. (ii) Bryan. (iii) Carter. (iv) Choctaw. (v) Coal. (vi) Garvin. (vii) Grady. (viii) McClain. (ix) Murray. (x) Haskell. (xi) Hughes. (xii) Jefferson. (xiii) Johnston. (xiv) Latimer. (xv) LeFlore. (xvi) Love. (xvii) Marshall. (xviii) McCurtain. (xix) Pittsburgh. (xx) Pontotoc. (xxi) Pushmataha. (xxii) Stephens. (19) SETTLEMENT AREA WATERS .—The term ‘‘settlement area waters’’ means the waters lo-cated— (A) within the settlement area; and (B) within a basin depicted in Exhibit 10 to the Settlement Agreement, including any of the following basins as denominated in the 2012 Up-date of the Oklahoma Comprehensive Water Plan: (i) Beaver Creek (24, 25, and 26). (ii) Blue (11 and 12). (iii) Clear Boggy (9). (iv) Kiamichi (5 and 6). (v) Lower Arkansas (46 and 47). (vi) Lower Canadian (48, 56, 57, and 58). (vii) Lower Little (2). (viii) Lower Washita (14). (ix) Mountain Fork (4). (x) Middle Washita (15 and 16). (xi) Mud Creek (23). (xii) Muddy Boggy (7 and 8). (xiii) Poteau (44 and 45). (xiv) Red River Mainstem (1, 10, 13, and 21). (xv) Upper Little (3). (xvi) Walnut Bayou (22). (20) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Oklahoma. (21) T
RUST.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Trust’’ means the Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust, formerly known as the Oklahoma City Municipal Im-provement Authority, a public trust established pursuant to State law with the City as the bene-ficiary. (B) R
EFERENCES .—A reference in this section to ‘‘Trust’’ refers to the Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust, acting severally. (22) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ means the United States of America act-ing in its capacity as trustee for the Nations, their respective members, citizens, and allottees, or as specifically stated or limited in any given reference herein, in which case it means the United States of America acting in the capacity as set forth in said reference. (c) A
PPROVAL OF THE SETTLEMENT AGREE-
MENT .— (1) R
ATIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as modified by this section, and to the extent the Settlement Agree-ment does not conflict with this section, the Set-tlement Agreement is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (B) A
MENDMENTS .—If an amendment is exe-cuted to make the Settlement Agreement con-sistent with this section, the amendment is also authorized, ratified and confirmed to the extent the amendment is consistent with this section. (2) E
XECUTION OF SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent the Settlement Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall promptly exe-cute the Settlement Agreement, including all ex-hibits to or parts of the Settlement Agreement requiring the signature of the Secretary of the Interior and any amendments necessary to make the Settlement Agreement consistent with this section. (B) N
OT A MAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .—Execution of the Settlement Agreement by the Secretary of the Interior under this subsection shall not con-stitute a major Federal action under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (d) A
PPROVAL OF THE AMENDED STORAGE CON-
TRACT AND 1974 S TORAGE CONTRACT .— (1) R
ATIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except to the extent any provision of the amended storage contract con-flicts with any provision of this section, the amended storage contract is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (B) 1974 
STORAGE CONTRACT .—To the extent the amended storage contract, as authorized, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7458 December 8, 2016 
ratified, and confirmed, modifies or amends the 1974 storage contract, the modification or amendment to the 1974 storage contract is au-thorized, ratified, and confirmed. (C) A
MENDMENTS .—To the extent an amend-ment is executed to make the amended storage contract consistent with this section, the amend-ment is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (2) A
PPROVAL BY THE SECRETARY .—After the State and the City execute the amended storage contract, the Secretary shall approve the amended storage contract. (3) M
ODIFICATION OF SEPTEMBER 11 , 2009, 
ORDER IN UNITED STATES V . OKLAHOMA WATER  
RESOURCES BOARD , CIV 98 –00521 (N .D. OK).—The Secretary, through counsel, shall cooperate and work with the State to file any motion and pro-posed order to modify or amend the order of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma dated September 11, 2009, necessary to conform the order to the amended storage contract transfer agreement, the Settle-ment Agreement, and this section. (4) C
ONSERVATION STORAGE CAPACITY .—The allocation of the use of the conservation storage capacity in Sardis Lake for administrative set- aside subcontracts, City water supply, and fish and wildlife and recreation as provided by the amended storage contract is authorized, ratified and approved. (5) A
CTIVATION ; WAIVER .— (A) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (i) the earliest possible activation of any in-crement of future use storage in Sardis Lake will not occur until after 2050; and (ii) the obligation to make annual payments for the Sardis future use storage operation, maintenance and replacement costs, capital costs, or interest attributable to Sardis future use storage only arises if, and only to the ex-tent, that an increment of Sardis future use storage is activated by withdrawal or release of water from the future use storage that is au-thorized by the user for a consumptive use of water. (B) W
AIVER OF OBLIGATIONS FOR STORAGE  
THAT IS NOT ACTIVATED .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187), the 1974 storage contract, or any other provision of law, effective as of January 1, 2050— (i) the entirety of any repayment obligations (including interest), relating to that portion of conservation storage capacity allocated by the 1974 storage contract to future use storage in Sardis Lake is waived and shall be considered nonreimbursable; and (ii) any obligation of the State and, on execu-tion and approval of the amended storage con-tract, of the City and the Trust, under the 1974 storage contract regarding capital costs and any operation, maintenance, and replacement costs and interest otherwise attributable to future use storage in Sardis Lake is waived and shall be nonreimbursable, if by January 1, 2050, the right to future use storage is not activated by the withdrawal or release of water from future use storage for an authorized consumptive use of water. (6) C
ONSISTENT WITH AUTHORIZED PURPOSES ; 
NO MAJOR OPERATIONAL CHANGE .— (A) C
ONSISTENT WITH AUTHORIZED PURPOSE .— The amended storage contract, the approval of the Secretary of the amended storage contract, and the waiver of future use storage under paragraph (5)— (i) are deemed consistent with the authorized purposes for Sardis Lake as described in section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187) and do not affect the au-thorized purposes for which the project was au-thorized, surveyed, planned, and constructed; and (ii) shall not constitute a reallocation of stor-age. (B) N
O MAJOR OPERATIONAL CHANGE .—The amended storage contract, the approval of the Secretary of the amended storage contract, and the waiver of future use storage under para-graph (5) shall not constitute a major oper-ational change under section 301(e) of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b(e)). (7) NO FURTHER AUTHORIZATION REQUIRED .— This section shall be considered sufficient and complete authorization, without further study or analysis, for— (A) the Secretary to approve the amended storage contract; and (B) after approval under subparagraph (A), the Corps of Engineers to manage storage in Sardis Lake pursuant to and in accordance with the 1974 storage contract, the amended storage contract, and the Settlement Agreement. (e) S
ETTLEMENT AREAWATERS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) pursuant to the Atoka Agreement as rati-fied by section 29 of the Act of June 28, 1898 (30 Stat. 505, chapter 517) (as modified by the Act of July 1, 1902 (32 Stat. 641, chapter 1362)), the Na-tions issued patents to their respective tribal members and citizens and thereby conveyed to individual Choctaws and Chickasaws, all right, title, and interest in and to land that was pos-sessed by the Nations, other than certain min-eral rights; and (B) when title passed from the Nations to their respective tribal members and citizens, the Na-tions did not convey and those individuals did not receive any right of regulatory or sovereign authority, including with respect to water. (2) P
ERMITTING , ALLOCATION , AND ADMINIS -
TRATION OF SETTLEMENT AREA WATERS PURSUANT  
TO THE SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—Beginning on the enforceability date, settlement area waters shall be permitted, allocated, and administered by the OWRB in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this section. (3) C
HOCTAW NATION AND CHICKASAW NA -
TION.—Beginning on the enforceability date, the Nations shall have the right to use and to de-velop the right to use settlement area waters only in accordance with the Settlement Agree-ment and this section. (4) W
AIVER AND DELEGATION BY NATIONS .—In addition to the waivers under subsection (h), the Nations, on their own behalf, shall perma-nently delegate to the State any regulatory au-thority each Nation may possess over water rights on allotments, which the State shall exer-cise in accordance with the Settlement Agree-ment and this subsection. (5) R
IGHT TO USE WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may use water on an allotment in accordance with the Settle-ment Agreement and this subsection. (B) S
URFACE WATER USE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may divert and use, on the allotment of the allottee, 6 acre-feet per year of surface water per 160 acres, to be used solely for domestic uses on an allotment that constitutes riparian land under applicable State law as of the date of enactment of this Act. (ii) E
FFECT OF STATE LAW .—The use of surface water described in clause (i) shall be subject to all rights and protections of State law, as of the date of enactment of this Act, including all pro-tections against loss for nonuse. (iii) N
O PERMIT REQUIRED .—An allottee may divert water under this subsection without a permit or any other authorization from the OWRB. (C) G
ROUNDWATER USE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may drill wells on the allotment of the allottee to take and use for domestic uses the greater of— (I) 5 acre-feet per year; or (II) any greater quantity allowed under State law. (ii) E
FFECT OF STATE LAW .—The groundwater use described in clause (i) shall be subject to all rights and protections of State law, as of the date of enactment of this Act, including all pro-tections against loss for nonuse. (iii) N
O PERMIT REQUIRED .—An allottee may drill wells and use water under this subsection without a permit or any other authorization from the OWRB. (D) FUTURE CHANGES IN STATE LAW .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If State law changes to limit use of water to a quantity that is less than the applicable quantity specified in subparagraph (B) or (C), as applicable, an allottee shall retain the right to use water in accord with those sub-paragraphs, subject to paragraphs (6)(B)(iv) and (7). (ii) O
PPORTUNITY TO BE HEARD .—Prior to tak-ing any action to limit the use of water by an individual, the OWRB shall provide to the indi-vidual an opportunity to demonstrate that the individual is— (I) an allottee; and (II) using water on the allotment pursuant to and in accordance with the Settlement Agree-ment and this section. (6) A
LLOTTEE OPTIONS FOR ADDITIONAL  
WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To use a quantity of water in excess of the quantities provided under para-graph (5), an allottee shall— (i) file an action under subparagraph (B); or (ii) apply to the OWRB for a permit pursuant to, and in accordance with, State law. (B) D
ETERMINATION IN FEDERAL DISTRICT  
COURT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In lieu of applying to the OWRB for a permit to use more water than is allowed under paragraph (5), an allottee may file an action in the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma for deter-mination of the right to water of the allottee. At least 90 days prior to filing such an action, the allottee shall provide written notice of the suit to the United States and the OWRB. For the United States, notice shall be provided to the Solicitor’s Office, Department of the Interior, Washington D.C., and to the Office of the Re-gional Director of the Muskogee Region, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior. (ii) J
URISDICTION .—For purposes of this sub-section— (I) the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma shall have juris-diction; and (II) as part of the complaint, the allottee shall include certification of the pre-filing notice to the United States and OWRB required by sub-paragraph (B)(i). If such certification is not in-cluded with the complaint, the complaint will be deemed filed 90 days after such certification is complete and filed with the court. Within 60 days after the complaint is filed or deemed filed or within such extended time as the District Court in its discretion may permit, the United States may appear or intervene. After such ap-pearance, intervention or the expiration of the said 60 days or any extension thereof, the pro-ceedings and judgment in such action shall bind the United States and the parties thereto with-out regard to whether the United States elects to appear or intervene in such action. (iii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An allottee filing an ac-tion pursuant to this subparagraph shall— (I) join the OWRB as a party; and (II) publish notice in a newspaper of general circulation within the Settlement Area Hydro-logic Basin for 2 consecutive weeks, with the first publication appearing not later than 30 days after the date on which the action is filed. (iv) D
ETERMINATION FINAL .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), if an allottee elects to have the rights of the allot-tee determined pursuant to this subparagraph, the determination shall be final as to any rights under Federal law and in lieu of any rights to use water on an allotment as provided in para-graph (5). (II) R
ESERVATION OF RIGHTS .—Subclause (I) shall not preclude an allottee from— (aa) applying to the OWRB for water rights pursuant to State law; or (bb) using any rights allowed by State law that do not require a permit from the OWRB. (7) OWRB 
ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCE -
MENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7459 December 8, 2016 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If an allottee exercises any right under paragraph (5) or has rights deter-mined under paragraph (6)(B), the OWRB shall have jurisdiction to administer those rights. (B) C
HALLENGES .—An allottee may challenge OWRB administration of rights determined under this paragraph, in the United States Dis-trict Court for the Western District of Okla-homa. (8) P
RIOR EXISTING STATE LAW RIGHTS .—Water rights held by an allottee as of the enforce-ability date pursuant to a permit issued by the OWRB shall be governed by the terms of that permit and applicable State law (including regu-lations). (f) C
ITY PERMIT FOR APPROPRIATION OF  S
TREAM WATER FROM THE KIAMICHI RIVER.— The City permit shall be processed, evaluated, issued, and administered consistent with and in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this section. (g) S
ETTLEMENT COMMISSION .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Settlement Commission. (2) M
EMBERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Commission shall be comprised of 5 members, appointed as follows: (i) 1 by the Governor of the State. (ii) 1 by the Attorney General of the State. (iii) 1 by the Chief of the Choctaw Nation. (iv) 1 by the Governor of the Chickasaw Na-tion. (v) 1 by agreement of the members described in clauses (i) through (iv). (B) J
OINTLY APPOINTED MEMBER .—If the mem-bers described in clauses (i) through (iv) of sub-paragraph (A) do not agree on a member ap-pointed pursuant to subparagraph (A)(v)— (i) the members shall submit to the Chief Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, a list of not less than 3 persons; and (ii) from the list under clause (i), the Chief Judge shall make the appointment. (C) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The initial ap-pointments to the Settlement Commission shall be made not later than 90 days after the en-forceability date. (3) M
EMBER TERMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Settlement Commission member shall serve at the pleasure of appointing authority. (B) C
OMPENSATION .—A member of the Settle-ment Commission shall serve without compensa-tion, but an appointing authority may reim-burse the member appointed by the entity for costs associated with service on the Settlement Commission. (C) V
ACANCIES .—If a member of the Settlement Commission is removed or resigns, the appoint-ing authority shall appoint the replacement member. (D) J
OINTLY APPOINTED MEMBER .—The mem- ber of the Settlement Commission described in paragraph (2)(A)(v) may be removed or replaced by a majority vote of the Settlement Commission based on a failure of the member to carry out the duties of the member. (4) D
UTIES .—The duties and authority of the Settlement Commission shall be set forth in the Settlement Agreement, and the Settlement Com-mission shall not possess or exercise any duty or authority not stated in the Settlement Agree-ment. (h) W
AIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS .— (1) C
LAIMS BY THE NATIONS AND THE UNITED  
STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR THE NATIONS .—Subject to the retention of rights and claims provided in paragraph (3) and except to the extent that rights are recognized in the Settlement Agree-ment or this section, the Nations, each in its own right and on behalf of itself and its respec-tive citizens and members (but not individuals in their capacities as allottees), and the United States, acting as a trustee for the Nations (but not individuals in their capacities as allottees), shall execute a waiver and release of— (A) all of the following claims asserted or which could have been asserted in any pro-ceeding filed or that could have been filed dur-ing the period ending on the enforceability date, including Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11–927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication, relating to— (i) claims to the ownership of water in the State; (ii) claims to water rights and rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (iii) claims to authority over the allocation and management of water and administration of water rights, including authority over third- party ownership of or rights to use water di-verted or taken from a location within the State and ownership or use of water on allotments by allottees or any other person using water on an allotment with the permission of an allottee; (iv) claims that the State lacks authority over the allocation and management of water and administration of water rights, including au-thority over the ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (v) any other claim relating to the ownership of water, regulation of water, or authorized di-version, storage, or use of water diverted or taken from a location within the State, which claim is based on the status of the Chickasaw Nation’s or the Choctaw Nation’s unique sov-ereign status and rights as defined by Federal law and alleged to arise from treaties to which they are signatories, including but not limited to the Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek, Act of Sept. 30, 1830, 7 Stat. 333, Treaty of Doaksville, Act of Jan. 17, 1837, 11 Stat. 573, and the related March 23, 1842, patent to the Choctaw Nation; and (vi) claims or defenses asserted or which could have been asserted in Chickasaw Nation, Choc-taw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11–927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication; (B) all claims for damages, losses or injuries to water rights or water, or claims of interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water) attributable to any action by the State, the OWRB, or any water user authorized pursuant to State law to take or use water in the State, including the City, that accrued during the pe-riod ending on the enforceability date; (C) all claims and objections relating to the amended permit application, and the City per-mit, including— (i) all claims regarding regulatory control over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to the permit ap-plication and permit; and (ii) all claims for damages, losses or injuries to water rights or rights to use water, or claims of interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water) attributable to the issuance and lawful exercise of the City permit; (D) all claims to regulatory control over the Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 of the City for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (E) all claims that the State lacks regulatory authority over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (F) all claims to damages, losses or injuries to water rights or water, or claims of interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from such damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir, that accrued during the period ending on the enforceability date; (G) all claims and objections relating to the approval by the Secretary of the assignment of the 1974 storage contract pursuant to the amended storage contract; and (H) all claims for damages, losses, or injuries to water rights or water, or claims of inter-ference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land re-sulting from such damages, losses, injuries, in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of rights pursuant to the amended storage con-tract. (2) WAIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS BY THE  
NATIONS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES .—Subject to the retention of rights and claims provided in paragraph (3) and except to the extent that rights are recognized in the Settlement Agree-ment or this section, the Nations are authorized to execute a waiver and release of all claims against the United States (including any agency or employee of the United States) relating to— (A) all of the following claims asserted or which could have been asserted in any pro-ceeding filed or that could have been filed by the United States as a trustee during the period ending on the enforceability date, including Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11–927 (W.D. Ok.) or OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any gen-eral stream adjudication, relating to— (i) claims to the ownership of water in the State; (ii) claims to water rights and rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (iii) claims to authority over the allocation and management of water and administration of water rights, including authority over third- party ownership of or rights to use water di-verted or taken from a location within the State and ownership or use of water on allotments by allottees or any other person using water on an allotment with the permission of an allottee; (iv) claims that the State lacks authority over the allocation and management of water and administration of water rights, including au-thority over the ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (v) any other claim relating to the ownership of water, regulation of water, or authorized di-version, storage, or use of water diverted or taken from a location within the State, which claim is based on the status of the Chickasaw Nation’s or the Choctaw Nation’s unique sov-ereign status and rights as defined by Federal law and alleged to arise from treaties to which they are signatories, including but not limited to the Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek, Act of Sept. 30, 1830, 7 Stat. 333, Treaty of Doaksville, Act of Jan. 17, 1837, 11 Stat. 573, and the related March 23, 1842, patent to the Choctaw Nation; and (vi) claims or defenses asserted or which could have been asserted in Chickasaw Nation, Choc-taw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11–927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication; (B) all claims for damages, losses or injuries to water rights or water, or claims of interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water) attributable to any action by the State, the OWRB, or any water user authorized pursuant to State law to take or use water in the State, including the City, that accrued during the pe-riod ending on the enforceability date; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7460 December 8, 2016 
(C) all claims and objections relating to the amended permit application, and the City per-mit, including— (i) all claims regarding regulatory control over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to the permit ap-plication and permit; and (ii) all claims for damages, losses or injuries to water rights or rights to use water, or claims of interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water) attributable to the issuance and lawful exercise of the City permit; (D) all claims to regulatory control over the Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (E) all claims that the State lacks regulatory authority over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (F) all claims to damages, losses or injuries to water rights or water, or claims of interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir, that accrued during the period ending on the enforceability date; (G) all claims and objections relating to the approval by the Secretary of the assignment of the 1974 storage contract pursuant to the amended storage contract; (H) all claims relating to litigation brought by the United States prior to the enforceability date of the water rights of the Nations in the State; and (I) all claims relating to the negotiation, exe-cution, or adoption of the Settlement Agreement (including exhibits) or this section. (3) R
ETENTION AND RESERVATION OF CLAIMS BY  
NATIONS AND THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the waiver and releases of claims authorized under para-graphs (1) and (2), the Nations and the United States, acting as trustee, shall retain— (i) all claims for enforcement of the Settlement Agreement and this section; (ii) all rights to use and protect any water right of the Nations recognized by or established pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, includ-ing the right to assert claims for injuries relat-ing to the rights and the right to participate in any general stream adjudication, including any inter se proceeding; (iii) all claims under— (I) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), including for damages to natural resources; (II) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (III) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (IV) any regulations implementing the Acts described in items (I) through (III); (iv) all claims relating to damage, loss, or in-jury resulting from an unauthorized diversion, use, or storage of water, including damages, losses, or injuries to land or nonwater natural resources associated with any hunting, fishing, gathering, or cultural right; and (v) all rights, remedies, privileges, immunities, and powers not specifically waived and released pursuant to this section or the Settlement Agree-ment. (B) A
GREEMENT .— (i) IN GENERAL .—As provided in the Settlement Agreement, the Chickasaw Nation shall convey an easement to the City, which easement shall be as described and depicted in Exhibit 15 to the Settlement Agreement. (ii) A
PPLICATION .—The Chickasaw Nation and the City shall cooperate and coordinate on the submission of an application for approval by the Secretary of the Interior of the conveyance under clause (i), in accordance with applicable Federal law. (iii) R
ECORDING .—On approval by the Sec-retary of the Interior of the conveyance of the easement under this clause, the City shall record the easement. (iv) C
ONSIDERATION .—In exchange for convey-ance of the easement under clause (i), the City shall pay to the Chickasaw Nation the value of past unauthorized use and consideration for fu-ture use of the land burdened by the easement, based on an appraisal secured by the City and Nations and approved by the Secretary of the Interior. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF WAIVER AND RE -
LEASES .—The waivers and releases under this subsection take effect on the enforceability date. (5) T
OLLING OF CLAIMS .—Each applicable pe-riod of limitation and time-based equitable de-fense relating to a claim described in this sub-section shall be tolled during the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the earlier of the enforceability date or the expiration date under subsection (i)(2). (i) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Agreement shall take effect and be enforceable on the date on which the Secretary of the Interior publishes in the Federal Register a certification that— (A) to the extent the Settlement Agreement conflicts with this section, the Settlement Agree-ment has been amended to conform with this section; (B) the Settlement Agreement, as amended, has been executed by the Secretary of the Inte-rior, the Nations, the Governor of the State, the OWRB, the City, and the Trust; (C) to the extent the amended storage contract conflicts with this section, the amended storage contract has been amended to conform with this section; (D) the amended storage contract, as amended to conform with this section, has been— (i) executed by the State, the City, and the Trust; and (ii) approved by the Secretary; (E) an order has been entered in United States v. Oklahoma Water Resources Board, Civ. 98–C– 521–E with any modifications to the order dated September 11, 2009, as provided in the Settlement Agreement; (F) orders of dismissal have been entered in Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., Civ 11–297 (W.D. Ok.) and OWRB v. United States, et al. Civ 12–275 (W.D. Ok.) as provided in the Settlement Agreement; (G) the OWRB has issued the City Permit; (H) the final documentation of the Kiamichi Basin hydrologic model is on file at the Okla-homa City offices of the OWRB; and (I) the Atoka and Sardis Conservation Projects Fund has been funded as provided in the Settlement Agreement. (2) E
XPIRATION DATE .—If the Secretary of the Interior fails to publish a statement of findings under paragraph (1) by not later than Sep-tember 30, 2020, or such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Secretary of the Interior, the Nations, the State, the City, and the Trust under paragraph (4), the following shall apply: (A) This section, except for this subsection and any provisions of this section that are nec-essary to carry out this subsection (but only for purposes of carrying out this subsection) are not effective beginning on September 30, 2020, or the alternative date. (B) The waivers and release of claims, and the limited waivers of sovereign immunity, shall not become effective. (C) The Settlement Agreement shall be null and void, except for this paragraph and any provisions of the Settlement Agreement that are necessary to carry out this paragraph. (D) Except with respect to this paragraph, the State, the Nations, the City, the Trust, and the United States shall not be bound by any obliga-tions or benefit from any rights recognized under the Settlement Agreement. (E) If the City permit has been issued, the per-mit shall be null and void, except that the City may resubmit to the OWRB, and the OWRB shall be considered to have accepted, OWRB permit application No. 2007–017 without having waived the original application priority date and appropriative quantities. (F) If the amended storage contract has been executed or approved, the contract shall be null and void, and the 2010 agreement shall be con-sidered to be in force and effect as between the State and the Trust. (G) If the Atoka and Sardis Conservation Projects Fund has been established and funded, the funds shall be returned to the respective funding parties with any accrued interest. (3) NO PREJUDICE .—The occurrence of the ex-piration date under paragraph (2) shall not in any way prejudice— (A) any argument or suit that the Nations may bring to contest— (i) the pursuit by the City of OWRB permit application No. 2007–017, or a modified version; or (ii) the 2010 agreement; (B) any argument, defense, or suit the State may bring or assert with regard to the claims of the Nations to water or over water in the settle-ment area; or (C) any argument, defense or suit the City may bring or assert— (i) with regard to the claims of the Nations to water or over water in the settlement area relat-ing to OWRB permit application No. 2007–017, or a modified version; or (ii) to contest the 2010 agreement. (4) E
XTENSION .—The expiration date under paragraph (2) may be extended in writing if the Nations, the State, the OWRB, the United States, and the City agree that an extension is warranted. (j) J
URISDICTION , WAIVERS OF IMMUNITY FOR  I
NTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— (1) J
URISDICTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .— (i) E
XCLUSIVE JURISDICTION .—The United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma shall have exclusive jurisdiction for all purposes and for all causes of action relating to the interpretation and enforcement of the Set-tlement Agreement, the amended storage con-tract, or interpretation or enforcement of this section, including all actions filed by an allottee pursuant to subsection (e)(6)(B). (ii) R
IGHT TO BRING ACTION .—The Choctaw Nation, the Chickasaw Nation, the State, the City, the Trust, and the United States shall each have the right to bring an action pursuant to this section. (iii) N
O ACTION IN OTHER COURTS .—No action may be brought in any other Federal, Tribal, or State court or administrative forum for any pur-pose relating to the Settlement Agreement, amended storage contract, or this section. (iv) N
O MONETARY JUDGMENT .—Nothing in this section authorizes any money judgment or otherwise allows the payment of funds by the United States, the Nations, the State (including the OWRB), the City, or the Trust. (B) N
OTICE AND CONFERENCE .—An entity seek-ing to interpret or enforce the Settlement Agree-ment shall comply with the following: (i) Any party asserting noncompliance or seeking interpretation of the Settlement Agree-ment or this section shall first serve written no-tice on the party alleged to be in breach of the Settlement Agreement or violation of this sec-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7461 December 8, 2016 
(ii) The notice under clause (i) shall identify the specific provision of the Settlement Agree-ment or this section alleged to have been vio-lated or in dispute and shall specify in detail the contention of the party asserting the claim and any factual basis for the claim. (iii) Representatives of the party alleging a breach or violation and the party alleged to be in breach or violation shall meet not later than 30 days after receipt of notice under clause (i) in an effort to resolve the dispute. (iv) If the matter is not resolved to the satis-faction of the party alleging breach not later than 90 days after the original notice under clause (i), the party may take any appropriate enforcement action consistent with the Settle-ment Agreement and this subsection. (2) L
IMITED WAIVERS OF SOVEREIGN IMMU -
NITY.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The United States and the Nations may be joined in an action filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. (B) U
NITED STATES IMMUNITY .—Any claim by the United States to sovereign immunity from suit is irrevocably waived for any action brought by the State, the Chickasaw Nation, the Choctaw Nation, the City, or the Trust in the Western District of Oklahoma relating to inter-pretation or enforcement of the Settlement Agreement or this section, including of the ap-pellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Supreme Court of the United States. (C) C
HICKASAW NATION IMMUNITY .—For the exclusive benefit of the State (including the OWRB), the City, the Trust, the Choctaw Na-tion, and the United States, the sovereign immu-nity of the Chickasaw Nation from suit is waived solely for any action brought in the Western District of Oklahoma relating to inter-pretation or enforcement of the Settlement Agreement or this section, if the action is brought by the State or the OWRB, the City, the Trust, the Choctaw Nation, or the United States, including the appellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Supreme Court of the United States. (D) C
HOCTAW NATION IMMUNITY .—For the ex-clusive benefit of the State (including of the OWRB), the City, the Trust, the Chickasaw Na-tion, and the United States, the Choctaw Nation shall expressly and irrevocably consent to a suit and waive sovereign immunity from a suit solely for any action brought in the Western District of Oklahoma relating to interpretation or en-forcement of the Settlement Agreement or this section, if the action is brought by the State, the OWRB, the City, the Trust, the Chickasaw Na-tion, or the United States, including the appel-late jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Supreme Court of the United States. (k) D
ISCLAIMER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Agreement applies only to the claims and rights of the Na-tions. (2) N
O PRECEDENT .—Nothing in this section or the Settlement Agreement shall be construed in any way to quantify, establish, or serve as precedent regarding the land and water rights, claims, or entitlements to water of any American Indian Tribe other than the Nations, including any other American Indian Tribe in the State. (3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in the Settlement Agreement— (A) affects the ability of the United States, acting as sovereign, to take actions authorized by law, including any laws related to health, safety, or the environment, including— (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (ii) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (iii) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (iv) any regulations implementing the Acts de-scribed in this section; (B) affects the ability of the United States to raise defenses based on 43 U.S.C. 666(a); and (C) affects any rights, claims, or defenses the United States may have with respect to the use of water on Federal lands in the Settlement Area that are not trust lands or Allotments. Subtitle G—Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement SEC. 3701. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act’’. 
SEC. 3702. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this subtitle are— (1) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final set-tlement of claims to water rights in the State of Montana for— (A) the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet In-dian Reservation; and (B) the United States, for the benefit of the Tribe and allottees; (2) to authorize, ratify, and confirm the water rights compact entered into by the Tribe and the State, to the extent that the Compact is con-sistent with this subtitle; (3) to authorize and direct the Secretary of the Interior— (A) to execute the Compact; and (B) to take any other action necessary to carry out the Compact in accordance with this subtitle; and (4) to authorize funds necessary for the imple-mentation of the Compact and this subtitle. 
SEC. 3703. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘allottee’’ means any individual who holds a beneficial real prop-erty interest in an allotment of Indian land that is— (A) located within the Reservation; and (B) held in trust by the United States. (2) B
IRCH CREEK AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Birch Creek Agreement’’ means— (A) the agreement between the Tribe and the State regarding Birch Creek water use dated January 31, 2008 (as amended on February 13, 2009); and (B) any amendment or exhibit (including ex-hibit amendments) to that agreement that is exe-cuted in accordance with this subtitle. (3) B
LACKFEET IRRIGATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Blackfeet Irrigation Project’’ means the irrigation project authorized by the matter under the heading ‘‘Montana’’ of title II of the Act of March 1, 1907 (34 Stat. 1035, chapter 2285), and administered by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (4) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘‘Compact’’ means— (A) the Blackfeet-Montana water rights com-pact dated April 15, 2009, as contained in section 85–20–1501 of the Montana Code Annotated (2015); and (B) any amendment or exhibit (including ex-hibit amendments) to the Compact that is exe-cuted to make the Compact consistent with this subtitle. (5) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date described in section 3720(f). (6) L
AKE ELWELL .—The term ‘‘Lake Elwell’’ means the water impounded on the Marias River in the State by Tiber Dam, a feature of the Lower Marias Unit of the Pick-Sloan Mis-souri River Basin Program authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665). (7) M
ILK RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘‘Milk River Basin’’ means the North Fork, Middle Fork, South Fork, and main stem of the Milk River and tributaries, from the headwaters to the con-fluence with the Missouri River. (8) M
ILK RIVER PROJECT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Milk River Project’’ means the Bureau of Reclamation project conditionally approved by the Secretary on March 14, 1903, pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), commencing at Lake Sherburne Reservoir and providing water to a point approximately 6 miles east of Nashua, Montana. (B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Milk River Project’’ includes— (i) the St. Mary Unit; (ii) the Fresno Dam and Reservoir; and (iii) the Dodson pumping unit. (9) M
ILK RIVER PROJECT WATER RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘Milk River Project water rights’’ means the water rights held by the Bureau of Reclama-tion on behalf of the Milk River Project, as fi-nally adjudicated by the Montana Water Court. (10) M
ILK RIVER WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘Milk River water right’’ means the portion of the Tribal water rights described in article III.F of the Compact and this subtitle. (11) M
ISSOURI RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘‘Mis-souri River Basin’’ means the hydrologic basin of the Missouri River (including tributaries). (12) MR&I 
SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘MR&I Sys-tem’’ means the intake, treatment, pumping, storage, pipelines, appurtenant items, and any other feature of the system, as generally de-scribed in the document entitled ‘‘Blackfeet Re-gional Water System’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated June 2010, and modified by DOWL HKM, as set out in the addendum to the report dated March 2013. (13) OM&R.—The term ‘‘OM&R’’ means— (A) any recurring or ongoing activity associ-ated with the day-to-day operation of a project; (B) any activity relating to scheduled or un-scheduled maintenance of a project; and (C) any activity relating to replacing a feature of a project. (14) R
ESERVATION .—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ means the Blackfeet Indian Reservation of Mon-tana, as— (A) established by the Treaty of October 17, 1855 (11 Stat. 657); and (B) modified by— (i) the Executive order of July 5, 1873 (relating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (ii) the Act of April 15, 1874 (18 Stat. 28, chap-ter 96); (iii) the Executive order of August 19, 1874 (re-lating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (iv) the Executive order of April 13, 1875 (re-lating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (v) the Executive order of July 13, 1880 (relat-ing to the Blackfeet Reserve); (vi) the Agreement with the Blackfeet, ratified by the Act of May 1, 1888 (25 Stat. 113, chapter 213); and (vii) the Agreement with the Blackfeet, rati-fied by the Act of June 10, 1896 (29 Stat. 353, chapter 398). (15) S
T. MARY RIVER WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘St. Mary River water right’’ means that por-tion of the Tribal water rights described in arti-cle III.G.1.a.i. of the Compact and this subtitle. (16) S
T. MARY UNIT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘St. Mary Unit’’ means the St. Mary Storage Unit of the Milk River Project authorized by Congress on March 25, 1905. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘St. Mary Unit’’ includes— (i) Sherburne Dam and Reservoir; (ii) Swift Current Creek Dike; (iii) Lower St. Mary Lake; (iv) St. Mary Canal Diversion Dam; and (v) St. Mary Canal and appurtenances. (17) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (18) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Montana. (19) S
WIFTCURRENT CREEK BANK STABILIZATION  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project’’ means the project to miti-gate the physical and environmental problems associated with the St. Mary Unit from Sherburne Dam to the St. Mary River, as de-scribed in the report entitled ‘‘Boulder/ Swiftcurrent Creek Stabilization Project, Phase II Investigations Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 2012. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7462 December 8, 2016 
(20) T RIBAL WATER RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘Tribal water rights’’ means the water rights of the Tribe described in article III of the Compact and this subtitle, including— (A) the Lake Elwell allocation provided to the Tribe under section 3709; and (B) the instream flow water rights described in section 3719. (21) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reserva-tion of Montana. 
SEC. 3704. RATIFICATION OF COMPACT. 
(a) R ATIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As modified by this subtitle, the Compact is authorized, ratified, and con-firmed. (2) A
MENDMENTS .—Any amendment to the Compact is authorized, ratified, and confirmed, to the extent that such amendment is executed to make the Compact consistent with this sub-title. (b) E
XECUTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Com-pact does not conflict with this subtitle, the Sec-retary shall execute the Compact, including all exhibits to, or parts of, the Compact requiring the signature of the Secretary. (2) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Nothing in this subtitle precludes the Secretary from approving any modification to an appendix or exhibit to the Compact that is consistent with this subtitle, to the extent that the modification does not other-wise require congressional approval under sec-tion 2116 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177) or any other applicable provision of Federal law. (c) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the Com-pact and this subtitle, the Secretary shall com-ply with all applicable provisions of— (A) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (B) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (C) all other applicable environmental laws and regulations. (2) E
FFECT OF EXECUTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The execution of the Com-pact by the Secretary under this section shall not constitute a major Federal action for pur-poses of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall carry out all Federal compliance activities necessary to implement the Compact and this subtitle. 
SEC. 3705. MILK RIVER WATER RIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With respect to the Milk River water right, the Tribe— (1) may continue the historical uses and the uses in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) except as provided in article III.F.1.d of the Compact, shall not develop new uses until the date on which— (A) the Tribe has entered into the agreement described in subsection (c); or (B) the Secretary has established the terms and conditions described in subsection (e). (b) W
ATER RIGHTS ARISING UNDER STATE L
AW.—With respect to any water rights arising under State law in the Milk River Basin owned or acquired by the Tribe, the Tribe— (1) may continue any use in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) shall not change any use until the date on which— (A) the Tribe has entered into the agreement described in subsection (c); or (B) the Secretary has established the terms and conditions described in subsection (e). (c) T
RIBAL AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Commissioner of Reclamation and the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community shall enter into an agreement to provide for the exercise of their respective water rights on the respective reservations of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community in the Milk River. (2) CONSIDERATIONS .—The agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall take into consid-eration— (A) the equal priority dates of the 2 Indian tribes; (B) the water supplies of the Milk River; and (C) historical, current, and future uses identi-fied by each Indian tribe. (d) S
ECRETARIAL DETERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the agreement described in subsection (c) is submitted to the Secretary, the Secretary shall review and approve or dis-approve the agreement. (2) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall approve the agreement if the Secretary finds that the agreement— (A) equitably accommodates the interests of each Indian tribe in the Milk River; (B) adequately considers the factors described in subsection (c)(2); and (C) is otherwise in accordance with applicable law. (3) D
EADLINE EXTENSION .—The deadline to re-view the agreement described in paragraph (1) may be extended by the Secretary after con-sultation with the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community. (e) S
ECRETARIAL DECISION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community do not, by 3 years after the Secretary certifies under section 3720(f)(5) that the Tribal membership has ap-proved the Compact and this subtitle, enter into an agreement approved under subsection d(2), the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, shall establish, after consultation with the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community, terms and conditions that reflect the considerations described in subsection (c)(2) by which the re-spective water rights of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community in the Milk River may be exercised. (2) C
ONSIDERATION AS FINAL AGENCY ACTION .— The establishment by the Secretary of terms and conditions under paragraph (1) shall be consid-ered to be a final agency action for purposes of review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. (3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—An action for judicial review pursuant to this section shall be brought by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of notification of the establishment of the terms and conditions under this subsection. (4) I
NCORPORATION INTO DECREES .—The agree-ment under subsection (c), or the decision of the Secretary under this subsection, shall be filed with the Montana Water Court, or the district court with jurisdiction, for incorporation into the final decrees of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community. (5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The agreement under subsection (c) and a decision of the Secretary under this subsection— (A) shall be effective immediately; and (B) may not be modified absent— (i) the approval of the Secretary; and (ii) the consent of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community. (f) U
SE OF FUNDS.—The Secretary shall dis-tribute equally the funds made available under section 3718(a)(2)(C)(ii) to the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community to use to reach an agreement under this section, including for technical analyses and legal and other related efforts. 
SEC. 3706. WATER DELIVERY THROUGH MILK RIVER PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation, shall carry out the activities authorized under this section with respect to the St. Mary River water right. (b) T
REATMENT .—Notwithstanding article IV.D.4 of the Compact, any responsibility of the United States with respect to the St. Mary River water right shall be limited to, and fulfilled pur-suant to— (1) subsection (c) of this section; and (2) subsection (b)(3) of section 3716 and sub-section (a)(1)(C) of section 3718. (c) WATER DELIVERY CONTRACT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enforceability date, the Secretary shall enter into a water delivery contract with the Tribe for the delivery of not greater than 5,000 acre-feet per year of the St. Mary River water right through Milk River Project facilities to the Tribe or another entity specified by the Tribe. (2) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The contract under paragraph (1) shall establish the terms and conditions for the water deliveries described in paragraph (1) in accordance with the Com-pact and this subtitle. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The water delivery con-tract under paragraph (1) shall include provi-sions requiring that— (A) the contract shall be without limit as to term; (B) the Tribe, and not the United States, shall collect, and shall be entitled to, all consider-ation due to the Tribe under any lease, con-tract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursuant to subsection (f); (C) the United States shall have no obligation to monitor, administer, or account for— (i) any funds received by the Tribe as consid-eration under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursuant to subsection (f); or (ii) the expenditure of such funds; (D) if water deliveries under the contract are interrupted for an extended period of time be-cause of damage to, or a reduction in the capac-ity of, St. Mary Unit facilities, the rights of the Tribe shall be treated in the same manner as the rights of other contractors receiving water deliv-eries through the Milk River Project with re-spect to the water delivered under this section; (E) deliveries of water under this section shall be— (i) limited to not greater than 5,000 acre-feet of water in any 1 year; (ii) consistent with operations of the Milk River Project and without additional costs to the Bureau of Reclamation, including OM&R costs; and (iii) without additional cost to the Milk River Project water users; and (F) the Tribe shall be required to pay OM&R for water delivered under this section. (d) S
HORTAGE SHARING OR REDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The 5,000 acre-feet per year of water delivered under paragraph (3)(E)(i) of subsection (c) shall not be subject to shortage sharing or reduction, except as provided in paragraph (3)(D) of that subsection. (2) N
O INJURY TO MILK RIVER PROJECT WATER  
USERS .—Notwithstanding article IV.D.4 of the Compact, any reduction in the Milk River Project water supply caused by the delivery of water under subsection (c) shall not constitute injury to Milk River Project water users. (e) S
UBSEQUENT CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the studies au-thorized by section 3707(c)(1), the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclamation, and in cooperation with the Tribe, shall identify alternatives to provide to the Tribe water from the St. Mary River water right in quantities greater than the 5,000 acre-feet per year of water described in subsection (c)(3)(E)(i). (2) C
ONTRACT FOR WATER DELIVERY .—If the Secretary determines under paragraph (1) that more than 5,000 acre-feet per year of the St. Mary River water right can be delivered to the Tribe, the Secretary shall offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with the Tribe for the delivery of that water, subject to the requirements of sub-section (c)(3) (except subsection (c)(3)(E)(i)) and this subsection. (3) T
REATMENT .—Any delivery of water under this subsection shall be subject to reduction in the same manner as for Milk River Project con-tract holders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7463 December 8, 2016 
(f) S UBCONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may enter into any subcontract for the delivery of water under this section to a third party, in accordance with section 3715(e). (2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH OTHER LAW .—All sub- contracts described in paragraph (1) shall com-ply with— (A) this subtitle; (B) the Compact; (C) the tribal water code; and (D) other applicable law. (3) N
O LIABILITY .—The Secretary shall not be liable to any party, including the Tribe, for any term of, or any loss or other detriment resulting from, a lease, contract, or other agreement en-tered into pursuant to this subsection. (g) E
FFECT OF PROVISIONS .—Nothing in this section— (1) precludes the Tribe from taking the water described in subsection (c)(3)(E)(i), or any addi-tional water provided under subsection (e), from the direct flow of the St. Mary River; or (2) modifies the quantity of the Tribal water rights described in article III.G.1. of the Com-pact. (h) O
THER RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding the re-quirements of article III.G.1.d of the Compact, after satisfaction of all water rights under State law for use of St. Mary River water, including the Milk River Project water rights, the Tribe shall have the right to the remaining portion of the share of the United States in the St. Mary River under the International Boundary Waters Treaty of 1909 (36 Stat. 2448) for any tribally au-thorized use or need consistent with this sub-title. 
SEC. 3707. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION ACTIVITIES TO IMPROVE WATER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) M ILKRIVER PROJECT PURPOSES .—The pur- poses of the Milk River Project shall include— (1) irrigation; (2) flood control; (3) the protection of fish and wildlife; (4) recreation; (5) the provision of municipal, rural, and in-dustrial water supply; and (6) hydroelectric power generation. (b) U
SE OF MILKRIVER PROJECT FACILITIES  
FOR THE BENEFIT OF TRIBE.—The use of Milk River Project facilities to transport water for the Tribe pursuant to subsections (c) and (e) of sec-tion 3706, together with any use by the Tribe of that water in accordance with this subtitle— (1) shall be considered to be an authorized purpose of the Milk River Project; and (2) shall not change the priority date of any Tribal water rights. (c) S
T. MARYRIVER STUDIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Tribe and the State, shall conduct— (A) an appraisal study— (i) to develop a plan for the management and development of water supplies in the St. Mary River Basin and Milk River Basin, including the St. Mary River and Milk River water supplies for the Tribe and the Milk River water supplies for the Fort Belknap Indian Community; and (ii) to identify alternatives to develop addi-tional water of the St. Mary River for the Tribe; and (B) a feasibility study— (i) using the information resulting from the appraisal study conducted under subparagraph (A) and such other information as is relevant, to evaluate the feasibility of— (I) alternatives for the rehabilitation of the St. Mary Diversion Dam and Canal; and (II) increased storage in Fresno Dam and Res-ervoir; and (ii) to create a cost allocation study that is based on the authorized purposes described in subsections (a) and (b). (2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—On request of the Tribe, the Secretary shall enter into a coop-erative agreement with the Tribe with respect to the portion of the appraisal study described in paragraph (1)(A). (3) COSTS NONREIMBURSABLE .—The cost of the studies under this subsection shall not be— (A) considered to be a cost of the Milk River Project; or (B) reimbursable in accordance with the rec-lamation laws. (d) S
WIFTCURRENT CREEK BANK STABILIZA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation, shall carry out appropriate activities concerning the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project, including— (A) a review of the final project design; and (B) value engineering analyses. (2) M
ODIFICATION OF FINAL DESIGN .—Prior to beginning construction activities for the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project, on the basis of the review conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes, if any, to the final design— (A) to ensure compliance with applicable in-dustry standards; (B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project; and (C) to ensure that the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project may be constructed using only the amounts made available under section 3718. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA .—At the request of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out the Swiftcurrent Bank Stabilization Project. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs in-curred under this section. (f) M
ILKRIVER PROJECT RIGHTS -OF-WAY AND  E
ASEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Tribe shall grant the United States a right-of-way on Reservation land owned by the Tribe for all uses by the Milk River Project (permissive or otherwise) in existence as of De-cember 31, 2015, including all facilities, flowage easements, and access easements necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Milk River Project. (2) A
GREEMENT REGARDING EXISTING USES .— The Tribe and the Secretary shall enter into an agreement for a process to determine the loca-tion, nature, and extent of the existing uses ref-erenced in this subsection. The agreement shall require that— (A) a panel of three individuals determine the location, nature, and extent of existing uses necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Milk River Project (the ‘‘Panel Determina-tion’’), with the Tribe appointing one represent-ative of the Tribe, the Secretary appointing one representative of the Secretary, and those two representatives jointly appointing a third indi-vidual; (B) if the Panel Determination is unanimous, the Tribe grant a right-of-way to the United States for the existing uses identified in the Panel Determination in accordance with appli-cable law without additional compensation; (C) if the Panel Determination is not unani-mous— (i) the Secretary adopt the Panel Determina-tion with any amendments the Secretary reason-ably determines necessary to correct any clear error (the ‘‘Interior Determination’’), provided that if any portion of the Panel Determination is unanimous, the Secretary will not amend that portion; and (ii) the Tribe grant a right-of-way to the United States for the existing uses identified in the Interior Determination in accordance with applicable law without additional compensa-tion, with the agreement providing for the tim-ing of the grant to take into consideration the possibility of review under paragraph (5). (3) EFFECT .—Determinations made under this subsection— (A) do not address title as between the United States and the Tribe; and (B) do not apply to any new use of Reserva-tion land by the United States for the Milk River Project after December 31, 2015. (4) I
NTERIOR DETERMINATION AS FINAL AGENCY  
ACTION .—Any determination by the Secretary under paragraph (2)(C) shall be considered to be a final agency action for purposes of review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. (5) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—An action for judicial review pursuant to this section shall be brought by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of notification of the Interior Deter-mination. (g) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obligations incurred by the Secretary, prior to any adjust-ment provided for in section 3718, shall not ex-ceed— (1) $3,800,000 to carry out subsection (c); (2) $20,700,000 to carry out subsection (d); and (3) $3,100,000 to carry out subsection (f). 
SEC. 3708. ST. MARY CANAL HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION. 
(a) B UREAU OF RECLAMATION JURISDICTION .— Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Reclamation shall have exclusive jurisdiction to authorize the de-velopment of hydropower on the St. Mary Unit. (b) R
IGHTS OF TRIBE.— (1) E
XCLUSIVE RIGHT OF TRIBE .—Subject to paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Tribe shall have the exclu-sive right to develop and market hydroelectric power of the St. Mary Unit. (2) L
IMITATIONS .—The exclusive right de-scribed in paragraph (1)— (A) shall expire on the date that is 15 years after the date of enactment of an Act appro-priating funds for rehabilitation of the St. Mary Unit; but (B) may be extended by the Secretary at the request of the Tribe. (3) OM&R 
COSTS .—Effective beginning on the date that is 10 years after the date on which the Tribe begins marketing hydroelectric power gen-erated from the St. Mary Unit to any third party, the Tribe shall make annual payments for OM&R costs attributable to the direct use of any facilities by the Tribe for hydroelectric power generation, in amounts determined in ac-cordance with the guidelines and methods of the Bureau of Reclamation for assessing OM&R charges. (c) B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION COOPERATION .— The Commissioner of Reclamation shall cooper-ate with the Tribe in the development of any hydroelectric power generation project under this section. (d) A
GREEMENT .—Before construction of a hy-droelectric power generation project under this section, the Tribe shall enter into an agreement with the Commissioner of Reclamation that in-cludes provisions— (1) requiring that— (A) the design, construction, and operation of the project shall be consistent with the Bureau of Reclamation guidelines and methods for hy-droelectric power development at Bureau facili-ties, as appropriate; and (B) the hydroelectric power generation project will not impair the efficiencies of the Milk River Project for authorized purposes; (2) regarding construction and operating cri-teria and emergency procedures; and (3) under which any modification proposed by the Tribe to a facility owned by the Bureau of Reclamation shall be subject to review and ap-proval by the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (e) U
SE OF HYDROELECTRIC POWER BY  T
RIBE.—Any hydroelectric power generated in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7464 December 8, 2016 
accordance with this section shall be used or marketed by the Tribe. (f) R
EVENUES .—The Tribe shall collect and re-tain any revenues from the sale of hydroelectric power generated by a project under this section. (g) L
IABILITY OF UNITED STATES .—The United States shall have no obligation to monitor, ad-minister, or account for— (1) any revenues received by the Tribe under this section; or (2) the expenditure of those revenues. (h) P
REFERENCE .—During any period for which the exclusive right of the Tribe described in subsection (b)(1) is not in effect, the Tribe shall have a preference to develop hydropower on the St. Mary Unit facilities, in accordance with Bureau of Reclamation guidelines and methods for hydroelectric power development at Bureau facilities. 
SEC. 3709. STORAGE ALLOCATION FROM LAKE ELWELL. 
(a)(1) S TORAGE ALLOCATION TO TRIBE.—The Secretary shall allocate to the Tribe 45,000 acre- feet per year of water stored in Lake Elwell for use by the Tribe for any beneficial purpose on or off the Reservation, under a water right held by the United States and managed by the Bu-reau of Reclamation, as measured at the outlet works of Tiber Dam or through direct pumping from Lake Elwell. (2) R
EDUCTION .—Up to 10,000 acre-feet per year of water allocated to the Tribe pursuant to paragraph (1) will be subject to an acre-foot for acre-foot reduction if depletions from the Tribal water rights above Lake Elwell exceed 88,000 acre-feet per year of water because of New De-velopment (as defined in article II.37 of the Compact). (b) T
REATMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The allocation to the Tribe under subsection (a) shall be considered to be part of the Tribal water rights. (2) P
RIORITY DATE .—The priority date of the allocation to the Tribe under subsection (a) shall be the priority date of the Lake Elwell water right held by the Bureau of Reclamation. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Tribe shall admin-ister the water allocated under subsection (a) in accordance with the Compact and this subtitle. (c) A
LLOCATION AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiving an allocation under this section, the Tribe shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary to establish the terms and conditions of the alloca-tion, in accordance with the Compact and this subtitle. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The agreement under para-graph (1) shall include provisions establishing that— (A) the agreement shall be without limit as to term; (B) the Tribe, and not the United States, shall be entitled to all consideration due to the Tribe under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursuant to subsection (d); (C) the United States shall have no obligation to monitor, administer, or account for— (i) any funds received by the Tribe as consid-eration under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursuant to subsection (d); or (ii) the expenditure of those funds; (D) if the capacity or function of Lake Elwell facilities are significantly reduced, or are antici-pated to be significantly reduced, for an ex-tended period of time, the Tribe shall have the same rights as other storage contractors with re-spect to the allocation under this section; (E) the costs associated with the construction of the storage facilities at Tiber Dam allocable to the Tribe shall be nonreimbursable; (F) no water service capital charge shall be due or payable for any water allocated to the Tribe pursuant to this section or the allocation agreement, regardless of whether that water is delivered for use by the Tribe or under a lease, contract, or by agreement entered into by the Tribe pursuant to subsection (d); (G) the Tribe shall not be required to make payments to the United States for any water al-located to the Tribe under this subtitle or the al-location agreement, except for each acre-foot of stored water leased or transferred for industrial purposes as described in subparagraph (H); (H) for each acre-foot of stored water leased or transferred by the Tribe for industrial pur-poses— (i) the Tribe shall pay annually to the United States an amount necessary to cover the propor-tional share of the annual OM&R costs allo-cable to the quantity of water leased or trans-ferred by the Tribe for industrial purposes; and (ii) the annual payments of the Tribe shall be reviewed and adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect the actual OM&R costs for Tiber Dam; and (I) the adjustment process identified in sub-section (a)(2) will be based on specific enumer-ated provisions. (d) AGREEMENTS BY TRIBE.—The Tribe may use, lease, contract, exchange, or enter into other agreements for use of the water allocated to the Tribe under subsection (a), if— (1) the use of water that is the subject of such an agreement occurs within the Missouri River Basin; and (2) the agreement does not permanently alien-ate any portion of the water allocated to the Tribe under subsection (a). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The allocation under subsection (a) takes effect on the enforceability date. (f) N
OCARRYOVER STORAGE .—The allocation under subsection (a) shall not be increased by any year-to-year carryover storage. (g) D
EVELOPMENT AND DELIVERY COSTS.—The United States shall not be required to pay the cost of developing or delivering any water allo-cated under this section. 
SEC. 3710. IRRIGATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation and in accord-ance with subsection (c), shall carry out the fol-lowing actions relating to the Blackfeet Irriga-tion Project: (1) Deferred maintenance. (2) Dam safety improvements for Four Horns Dam. (3) Rehabilitation and enhancement of the Four Horns Feeder Canal, Dam, and Reservoir. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with respect to any activities carried out under this section. (c) S
COPE OF DEFERRED MAINTENANCE ACTIVI -
TIES AND FOUR HORNS DAMSAFETY IMPROVE -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the conditions de-scribed in paragraph (2), the scope of the de-ferred maintenance activities and Four Horns Dam safety improvements shall be as generally described in— (A) the document entitled ‘‘Engineering Eval-uation and Condition Assessment, Blackfeet Ir-rigation Project’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated August 2007; and (B) the provisions relating to Four Horns Re-habilitated Dam of the document entitled ‘‘Four Horns Dam Enlarged Appraisal Evaluation De-sign Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated April 2007. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to in paragraph (1) are that, before commencing con-struction activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed rehabili-tation or improvement; (B) perform value engineering analyses; (C) perform appropriate Federal environ-mental compliance activities; and (D) ensure that the deferred maintenance ac-tivities and dam safety improvements may be constructed using only the amounts made avail-able under section 3718. (d) S
COPE OF REHABILITATION AND ENHANCE -
MENT OF FOURHORNS FEEDER CANAL, DAM, AND R
ESERVOIR .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The scope of the rehabilita-tion and improvements shall be as generally de-scribed in the document entitled ‘‘Four Horns Feeder Canal Rehabilitation with Export’’, pre-pared by DOWL HKM, and dated April 2013, subject to the condition that, before commencing construction activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed rehabili-tation or improvement; (B) perform value engineering analyses; (C) perform appropriate Federal environ-mental compliance activities; and (D) ensure that the rehabilitation and im-provements may be constructed using only the amounts made available under section 3718. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The activities carried out by the Secretary under this subsection shall in-clude— (A) the rehabilitation or improvement of the Four Horns feeder canal system to a capacity of not fewer than 360 cubic feet per second; (B) the rehabilitation or improvement of the outlet works of Four Horns Dam and Reservoir to deliver not less than 15,000 acre-feet of water per year, in accordance with subparagraph (C); and (C) construction of facilities to deliver not less than 15,000 acre-feet of water per year from Four Horns Dam and Reservoir, to a point on or near Birch Creek to be designated by the Tribe and the State for delivery of water to the water delivery system of the Pondera County Canal and Reservoir Company on Birch Creek, in ac-cordance with the Birch Creek Agreement. (3) N
EGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appro-priate changes to the final design of any activ-ity under this subsection to ensure that the final design meets applicable industry standards. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obligations incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section, prior to any adjustment provided for in section 3718, shall not exceed $54,900,000, of which— (1) $40,900,000 shall be allocated to carry out the activities described in subsection (c); and (2) $14,000,000 shall be allocated to carry out the activities described in subsection (d)(2). (f) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (g) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTION .—No part of the project under subsection (d) shall be com-menced until the State has made available $20,000,000 to carry out the activities described in subsection (d)(2). (h) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under subsection (m), subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total project costs for each project. (i) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activities re-lating to the projects described in this section re-sults in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Sec-retary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 3707(d), 3711, 3712, or 3713; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Blackfeet OM&R Trust Account. (j) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE OF BIRCH CREEK DE-
LIVERY FACILITIES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall transfer to the Tribe, at no cost, title in and to the facilities constructed under subsection (d)(2)(C). (k) O
WNERSHIP , O PERATION , AND MAINTE -
NANCE .—On transfer to the Tribe of title under subsection (j), the Tribe shall— (1) be responsible for OM&R in accordance with the Birch Creek Agreement; and (2) enter into an agreement with the Bureau of Indian Affairs regarding the operation of the facilities described in that subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7465 December 8, 2016 
(l) L IABILITY OF UNITED STATES .—The United States shall have no obligation or responsibility with respect the facilities described in subsection (d)(2)(C). (m) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Sec-retary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. (n) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— (1) alters any applicable law (including regu-lations) under which the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs collects assessments or carries out Black-feet Irrigation Project OM&R; or (2) impacts the availability of amounts made available under subsection (a)(1)(B) of section 3718. 
SEC. 3711. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF MR&I SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation, shall plan, design, and construct the water diversion and delivery features of the MR&I System in accord-ance with 1 or more agreements between the Sec-retary and the Tribe. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with respect to any activity to design and construct the water diversion and delivery features of the MR&I System. (c) S
COPE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The scope of the design and construction under this section shall be as gen-erally described in the document entitled ‘‘Blackfeet Regional Water System’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, dated June 2010, and modified by DOWL HKM in the addendum to the report dated March 2013, subject to the condition that, before commencing final design and construc-tion activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed rehabili-tation and construction; (B) perform value engineering analyses; and (C) perform appropriate Federal compliance activities. (2) N
EGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appro-priate changes, if any, to the final design— (A) to ensure that the final design meets ap-plicable industry standards; (B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of the de-livery of MR&I System water; and (C) to ensure that the MR&I System may be constructed using only the amounts made avail-able under section 3718. (d) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obligations incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section, prior to any adjustment provided for in section 3718, shall not exceed $76,200,000. (f) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTION .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—Before completion of the final design of the MR&I System required by subsection (c), the Secretary shall consult with the Tribe, the State, and other affected non- Federal parties to discuss the possibility of re-ceiving non-Federal contributions for the cost of the MR&I System. (2) N
EGOTIATIONS .—If, based on the extent to which non-Federal parties are expected to use the MR&I System, a non-Federal contribution to the MR&I System is determined by the parties described in paragraph (1) to be appropriate, the Secretary shall initiate negotiations for an agreement regarding the means by which the contributions shall be provided. (g) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to the MR&I System and all facilities rehabilitated or con-structed under this section shall be held by the Tribe. (h) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs in-curred under this section. (i) OM&R COSTS.—The Federal Government shall have no obligation to pay for the OM&R costs for any facility rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (j) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activities re-lating to the projects described in this section re-sults in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Sec-retary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 3707(d), 3710, 3712, or 3713; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Blackfeet OM&R Trust Account. (k) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Sec-retary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. 
SEC. 3712. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF WATER STORAGE AND IRRIGATION FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation, shall plan, design, and construct 1 or more facilities to store water and support irrigation on the Reservation in accordance with 1 or more agreements be-tween the Secretary and the Tribe. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with respect to any activity to design and construct the irri-gation development and water storage facilities described in subsection (c). (c) S
COPE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The scope of the design and construction under this section shall be as gen-erally described in the document entitled ‘‘Blackfeet Water Storage, Development, and Project Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 13, 2013, as modified and agreed to by the Secretary and the Tribe, subject to the condition that, before commencing final design and construction activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed con-struction; (B) perform value engineering analyses; and (C) perform appropriate Federal compliance activities. (2) M
ODIFICATION .—The Secretary may modify the scope of construction for the projects de-scribed in the document referred to in para-graph (1), if— (A) the modified project is— (i) similar in purpose to the proposed projects; and (ii) consistent with the purposes of this sub-title; and (B) the Secretary has consulted with the Tribe regarding any modification. (3) N
EGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appro-priate changes, if any, to the final design— (A) to ensure that the final design meets ap-plicable industry standards; (B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of any construction; and (C) to ensure that the projects may be con-structed using only the amounts made available under section 3718. (d) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obligations incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section, prior to any adjustment provided for in section 3718, shall not exceed $87,300,000. (f) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to all facilities rehabilitated or constructed under this section shall be held by the Tribe, except that title to the Birch Creek Unit of the Blackfeet Indian Ir-rigation Project shall remain with the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (g) ADMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs in-curred under this section. (h) OM&R C
OSTS.—The Federal Government shall have no obligation to pay for the OM&R costs for the facilities rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (i) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activities re-lating to the projects described in this section re-sults in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Sec-retary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 3707(d), 3710, 3711, or 3713; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Blackfeet OM&R Trust Account. (j) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Sec-retary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. 
SEC. 3713. BLACKFEET WATER, STORAGE, AND DE-VELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) S
COPE.—The scope of the construction under this section shall be as generally de-scribed in the document entitled ‘‘Blackfeet Water Storage, Development, and Project Re-port’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 13, 2013, as modified and agreed to by the Secretary and the Tribe. (2) M
ODIFICATION .—The Tribe may modify the scope of the projects described in the document referred to in paragraph (1) if— (A) the modified project is— (i) similar to the proposed project; and (ii) consistent with the purposes of this sub-title; and (B) the modification is approved by the Sec-retary. (b) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (c) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obligations incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section, prior to any adjustment provided for in section 3718, shall not exceed $91,000,000. (d) OM&R C
OSTS.—The Federal Government shall have no obligation to pay for the OM&R costs for the facilities rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (e) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to any facility constructed under this section shall be held by the Tribe. 
SEC. 3714. EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) T RIBAL EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS -OF-WAY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On request of the Secretary, the Tribe shall grant, at no cost to the United States, such easements and rights-of-way over tribal land as are necessary for the construction of the projects authorized by sections 3710 and 3711. (2) J
URISDICTION .—An easement or right-of- way granted by the Tribe pursuant to para-graph (1) shall not affect in any respect the civil or criminal jurisdiction of the Tribe over the easement or right-of-way. (b) L
ANDOWNER EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS -OF- W
AY.—In partial consideration for the construc-tion activities authorized by section 3711, and as a condition of receiving service from the MR&I System, a landowner shall grant, at no cost to the United States or the Tribe, such easements and rights-of-way over the land of the land-owner as may be necessary for the construction of the MR&I System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7466 December 8, 2016 
(c) L AND ACQUIRED BY UNITED STATES OR  T
RIBE.—Any land acquired within the bound-aries of the Reservation by the United States on behalf of the Tribe, or by the Tribe on behalf of the Tribe, in connection with achieving the pur-poses of this subtitle shall be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe. 
SEC. 3715. TRIBAL WATER RIGHTS. 
(a) C ONFIRMATION OF TRIBAL WATER R
IGHTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribal water rights are ratified, confirmed, and declared to be valid. (2) U
SE.—Any use of the Tribal water rights shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Compact and this subtitle. (3) C
ONFLICT .—In the event of a conflict be-tween the Compact and this subtitle, the provi-sions of this subtitle shall control. (b) I
NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of Congress to provide to each allottee benefits that are equivalent to, or exceed, the benefits the allottees possess on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, taking into consider-ation— (1) the potential risks, cost, and time delay as-sociated with litigation that would be resolved by the Compact and this subtitle; (2) the availability of funding under this sub-title and from other sources; (3) the availability of water from the Tribal water rights; and (4) the applicability of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), and this sub-title to protect the interests of allottees. (c) T
RUST STATUS OF TRIBAL WATER RIGHTS .— The Tribal water rights— (1) shall be held in trust by the United States for the use and benefit of the Tribe and the allottees in accordance with this subtitle; and (2) shall not be subject to forfeiture or aban-donment. (d) A
LLOTTEES .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY OF ACT OF FEBRUARY 8 , 
1887.—The provisions of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), relating to the use of water for irrigation purposes, shall apply to the Tribal water rights. (2) E
NTITLEMENT TO WATER .—Any entitlement to water of an allottee under Federal law shall be satisfied from the Tribal water rights. (3) A
LLOCATIONS .—An allottee shall be enti-tled to a just and equitable allocation of water for irrigation purposes. (4) C
LAIMS .— (A) E
XHAUSTION OF REMEDIES .—Before assert-ing any claim against the United States under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or any other applicable law, an al-lottee shall exhaust remedies available under the tribal water code or other applicable tribal law. (B) A
CTION FOR RELIEF .—After the exhaustion of all remedies available under the tribal water code or other applicable tribal law, an allottee may seek relief under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or other appli-cable law. (5) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall have the authority to protect the rights of allottees in accordance with this section. (e) A
UTHORITY OF TRIBE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe shall have the au-thority to allocate, distribute, and lease the Tribal water rights for any use on the Reserva-tion in accordance with the Compact, this sub-title, and applicable Federal law. (2) O
FF-RESERVATION USE .—The Tribe may al-locate, distribute, and lease the Tribal water rights for off-Reservation use in accordance with the Compact, subject to the approval of the Secretary. (3) L
AND LEASES BY ALLOTTEES .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1), an allottee may lease any interest in land held by the allottee, to-gether with any water right determined to be appurtenant to the interest in land, in accord-ance with the tribal water code. (f) TRIBAL WATER CODE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding article IV.C.1. of the Compact, not later than 4 years after the date on which the Tribe ratifies the Compact in accordance with this subtitle, the Tribe shall enact a tribal water code that pro-vides for— (A) the management, regulation, and govern-ance of all uses of the Tribal water rights in ac-cordance with the Compact and this subtitle; and (B) establishment by the Tribe of conditions, permit requirements, and other requirements for the allocation, distribution, or use of the Tribal water rights in accordance with the Compact and this subtitle. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Subject to the approval of the Secretary, the tribal water code shall pro-vide— (A) that use of water by allottees shall be sat-isfied with water from the Tribal water rights; (B) a process by which an allottee may re-quest that the Tribe provide water for irrigation use in accordance with this subtitle, including the provision of water under any allottee lease under section 4 of the Act of June 25, 1910 (25 U.S.C. 403); (C) a due process system for the consideration and determination by the Tribe of any request by an allottee (or a successor in interest to an allottee) for an allocation of water for irrigation purposes on allotted land, including a process for— (i) appeal and adjudication of any denied or disputed distribution of water; and (ii) resolution of any contested administrative decision; and (D) a requirement that any allottee asserting a claim relating to the enforcement of rights of the allottee under the tribal water code, or to the quantity of water allocated to land of the allottee, shall exhaust all remedies available to the allottee under tribal law before initiating an action against the United States or petitioning the Secretary pursuant to subsection (d)(4)(B). (3) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—During the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which a tribal water code de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) is enacted, the Secretary shall administer, with respect to the rights of allottees, the Tribal water rights in ac-cordance with this subtitle. (B) A
PPROVAL .—The tribal water code de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not be valid unless— (i) the provisions of the tribal water code re-quired by paragraph (2) are approved by the Secretary; and (ii) each amendment to the tribal water code that affects a right of an allottee is approved by the Secretary. (C) A
PPROVAL PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall approve or disapprove the tribal water code or an amendment to the tribal water code not later than 180 days after the date on which the tribal water code or amendment is submitted to the Secretary. (ii) E
XTENSION .—The deadline described in clause (i) may be extended by the Secretary after consultation with the Tribe. (g) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) N
O ALIENATION .—The Tribe shall not per-manently alienate any portion of the Tribal water rights. (2) P
URCHASES OR GRANTS OF LAND FROM INDI -
ANS.—An authorization provided by this subtitle for the allocation, distribution, leasing, or other arrangement entered into pursuant to this sub-title shall be considered to satisfy any require-ment for authorization of the action by treaty or convention imposed by section 2116 of the Re-vised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177). (3) P
ROHIBITION ON FORFEITURE .—The non- use of all or any portion of the Tribal water rights by a lessee or contractor shall not result in the forfeiture, abandonment, relinquishment, or other loss of all or any portion of the Tribal water rights. (h) EFFECT .—Except as otherwise expressly provided in this section, nothing in this sub-title— (1) authorizes any action by an allottee against any individual or entity, or against the Tribe, under Federal, State, tribal, or local law; or (2) alters or affects the status of any action brought pursuant to section 1491(a) of title 28, United States Code. 
SEC. 3716. BLACKFEET SETTLEMENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), to be managed, invested, and distrib-uted by the Secretary and to remain available until expended, consisting of the amounts de-posited in the Trust Fund under subsection (c), together with any interest earned on those amounts, for the purpose of carrying out this subtitle. (b) A
CCOUNTS .—The Secretary shall establish in the Trust Fund the following accounts: (1) The Administration and Energy Account. (2) The OM&R Account. (3) The St. Mary Account. (4) The Blackfeet Water, Storage, and Devel-opment Projects Account. (c) D
EPOSITS .—The Secretary shall deposit in the Trust Fund— (1) in the Administration and Energy Ac-count, the amount made available pursuant to section 3718(a)(1)(A); (2) in the OM&R Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 3718(a)(1)(B); (3) in the St. Mary Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 3718(a)(1)(C); and (4) in the Blackfeet Water, Storage, and De-velopment Projects Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 3718(a)(1)(D). (d) M
ANAGEMENT AND INTEREST .— (1) M
ANAGEMENT .—The Secretary shall man-age, invest, and distribute all amounts in the Trust Fund in a manner that is consistent with the investment authority of the Secretary under— (A) the first section of the Act of June 24, 1938 (25 U.S.C. 162a); (B) the American Indian Trust Fund Manage-ment Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.); and (C) this section. (2) I
NTEREST .—In addition to the deposits under subsection (c), any interest credited to amounts unexpended in the Trust Fund are au-thorized to be appropriated to be used in accord-ance with the uses described in subsection (h). (e) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated to, and deposited in, the Trust Fund, including any investment earnings, shall be made available to the Tribe by the Secretary beginning on the en-forceability date. (2) F
UNDING FOR TRIBAL IMPLEMENTATION AC -
TIVITIES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), on approval pursuant to this subtitle and the Com-pact by a referendum vote of a majority of votes cast by members of the Tribe on the day of the vote, as certified by the Secretary and the Tribe and subject to the availability of appropriations, of the amounts in the Administration and En-ergy Account, $4,800,000 shall be made available to the Tribe for the implementation of this sub-title. (f) W
ITHDRAWALS UNDER AIFRMRA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may withdraw any portion of the funds in the Trust Fund on approval by the Secretary of a tribal manage-ment plan submitted by the Tribe in accordance with the American Indian Trust Fund Manage-ment Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the require-ments under the American Indian Trust Fund 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7467 December 8, 2016 
Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the tribal management plan under paragraph (1) shall require that the Tribe shall spend all amounts withdrawn from the Trust Fund in accordance with this subtitle. (B) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial and administrative actions as the Secretary determines to be necessary to en-force the tribal management plan to ensure that amounts withdrawn by the Tribe from the Trust Fund under this subsection are used in accord-ance with this subtitle. (g) W
ITHDRAWALS UNDER EXPENDITURE  P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may submit to the Secretary a request to withdraw funds from the Trust Fund pursuant to an approved expendi-ture plan. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to with-draw funds under an expenditure plan under paragraph (1), the Tribe shall submit to the Sec-retary for approval an expenditure plan for any portion of the Trust Fund that the Tribe elects to withdraw pursuant to this subsection, subject to the condition that the funds shall be used for the purposes described in this subtitle. (3) I
NCLUSIONS .—An expenditure plan under this subsection shall include a description of the manner and purpose for which the amounts pro-posed to be withdrawn from the Trust Fund will be used by the Tribe, in accordance with sub-section (h). (4) A
PPROVAL .—On receipt of an expenditure plan under this subsection, the Secretary shall approve the plan, if the Secretary determines that the plan— (A) is reasonable; and (B) is consistent with, and will be used for, the purposes of this subtitle. (5) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial and administrative actions as the Secretary determines to be necessary to en-force an expenditure plan to ensure that amounts disbursed under this subsection are used in accordance with this subtitle. (h) U
SES.—Amounts from the Trust Fund shall be used by the Tribe for the following pur-poses: (1) The Administration and Energy Account shall be used for administration of the Tribal water rights and energy development projects under this subtitle and the Compact. (2) The OM&R Account shall be used to assist the Tribe in paying OM&R costs. (3) The St. Mary Account shall be distributed pursuant to an expenditure plan approved under subsection (g), subject to the conditions that— (A) during the period for which the amount is available and held by the Secretary, $500,000 shall be distributed to the Tribe annually as compensation for the deferral of the St. Mary water right; and (B) any additional amounts deposited in the account may be withdrawn and used by the Tribe to pay OM&R costs or other expenses for 1 or more projects to benefit the Tribe, as ap-proved by the Secretary, subject to the require-ment that the Secretary shall not approve an ex-penditure plan under this paragraph unless the Tribe provides a resolution of the tribal coun-cil— (i) approving the withdrawal of the funds from the account; and (ii) acknowledging that the Secretary will not be able to distribute funds under subparagraph (A) indefinitely if the principal funds in the ac-count are reduced. (4) The Blackfeet Water, Storage, and Devel-opment Projects Account shall be used to carry out section 3713. (i) L
IABILITY .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall not be liable for the expenditure or investment of any amounts with-drawn from the Trust Fund by the Tribe under subsection (f) or (g). (j) N
OPERCAPITA DISTRIBUTIONS .—No por- tion of the Trust Fund shall be distributed on a per capita basis to any member of the Tribe. (k) DEPOSIT OF FUNDS.—On request by the Tribe, the Secretary may deposit amounts from an account described in paragraph (1), (2), or (4) of subsection (b) to any other account the Secretary determines to be appropriate. 
SEC. 3717. BLACKFEET WATER SETTLEMENT IM-PLEMENTATION FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a nontrust, interest-bearing account, to be known as the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Imple-mentation Fund’’), to be managed and distrib-uted by the Secretary, for use by the Secretary for carrying out this subtitle. (b) A
CCOUNTS .—The Secretary shall establish in the Implementation Fund the following ac-counts: (1) The MR&I System, Irrigation, and Water Storage Account. (2) The Blackfeet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Im-provements Account. (3) The St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Fund. (c) D
EPOSITS .—The Secretary shall deposit in the Implementation Fund— (1) in the MR&I System, Irrigation, and Water Storage Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 3718(a)(2)(A); (2) in the Blackfeet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Im-provements Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 3718(a)(2)(B); and (3) in the St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Fund, the amount made available pursuant to section 3718(a)(2)(C). (d) U
SES.— (1) MR&I 
SYSTEM , IRRIGATION , AND WATER  
STORAGE ACCOUNT .—The MR&I System, Irriga-tion, and Water Storage Account shall be used to carry out sections 3711 and 3712. (2) B
LACKFEET IRRIGATION PROJECT DEFERRED  
MAINTENANCE AND FOUR HORNS DAM SAFETY IM -
PROVEMENTS ACCOUNT .—The Blackfeet Irriga-tion Project Deferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account shall be used to carry out section 3710. (3) S
T. MARY /MILK WATER MANAGEMENT AND  
ACTIVITIES ACCOUNT .—The St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Account shall be used to carry out sections 3705 and 3707. (e) M
ANAGEMENT .—Amounts in the Implemen-tation Fund shall not be available to the Sec-retary for expenditure until the enforceability date. (f) I
NTEREST .—In addition to the deposits under subsection (c), any interest credited to amounts unexpended in the Implementation Fund are authorized to be appropriated to be used in accordance with the uses described in subsection (d). 
SEC. 3718. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary— (1) as adjusted on appropriation to reflect changes since April 2010 in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers West Urban 50,000 to 1,500,000 index for the amount appro-priated— (A) for deposit in the Administration and En-ergy Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund established under section 3716(b)(1), $28,900,000; (B) for deposit in the OM&R Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund established under section 3716(b)(2), $27,760,000; (C) for deposit in the St. Mary Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund established under section 3716(b)(3), $27,800,000; (D) for deposit in the Blackfeet Water, Stor-age, and Development Projects Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund established under section 3716(b)(4), $91,000,000; and (E) the amount of interest credited to the un-expended amounts of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund; and (2) as adjusted annually to reflect changes since April 2010 in the Bureau of Reclamation Construction Cost Trends Index applicable to the types of construction involved— (A) for deposit in the MR&I System, Irriga-tion, and Water Storage Account of the Black-feet Water Settlement Implementation Fund es-tablished under section 3717(b)(1), $163,500,000; (B) for deposit in the Blackfeet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance, Four Horns Dam Safety, and Rehabilitation and Enhancement of the Four Horns Feeder Canal, Dam, and Res-ervoir Improvements Account of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund estab-lished under section 3717(b)(2), $54,900,000, of which— (i) $40,900,000 shall be made available for ac-tivities and projects under section 3710(c); and (ii) $14,000,000 shall be made available for ac-tivities and projects under section 3710(d)(2); (C) for deposit in the St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Account of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund established under section 3717(b)(3), $28,100,000, of which— (i) $27,600,000 shall be allocated in accordance with section 3707(g); and (ii) $500,000 shall be used to carry out section 3705; and (D) the amount of interest credited to the un-expended amounts of the Blackfeet Water Settle-ment Implementation Fund. (b) ADJUSTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The adjustment of the amounts authorized to be appropriated pursu-ant to subsection (a)(1) shall occur each time an amount is appropriated for an account and shall add to, or subtract from, as applicable, the total amount authorized. (2) R
EPETITION .—The adjustment process under this subsection shall be repeated for each subsequent amount appropriated until the amount authorized, as adjusted, has been ap-propriated. (3) T
REATMENT .—The amount of an adjust-ment may be considered— (A) to be authorized as of the date on which congressional action occurs; and (B) in determining the amount authorized to be appropriated. 
SEC. 3719. WATER RIGHTS IN LEWIS AND CLARK NATIONAL FOREST AND GLACIER NATIONAL PARK. 
The instream flow water rights of the Tribe on land within the Lewis and Clark National For-est and Glacier National Park— (1) are confirmed; and (2) shall be as described in the document enti-tled ‘‘Stipulation to Address Claims by and for the Benefit of the Blackfeet Indian Tribe to Water Rights in the Lewis & Clark National Forest and Glacier National Park’’ and as fi-nally decreed by the Montana Water Court, or, if the Montana Water Court is found to lack ju-risdiction, by the United States district court with jurisdiction. 
SEC. 3720. WAIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) W
AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY TRIBE  
AND UNITED STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR TRIBE .— Subject to the reservation of rights and reten-tion of claims under subsection (c), as consider-ation for recognition of the Tribal water rights and other benefits as described in the Compact and this subtitle, the Tribe, acting on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe (but not any member of the Tribe as an allottee), and the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe and the members of the Tribe (but not any mem-ber of the Tribe as an allottee), shall execute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the State that the Tribe, or the United States acting as trustee for the Tribe, asserted or could have asserted in any proceeding, includ-ing a State stream adjudication, on or before the enforceability date, except to the extent that such rights are recognized in the Compact and this subtitle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7468 December 8, 2016 
(2) W AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY UNITED  
STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR ALLOTTEES .—Subject to the reservation of rights and the retention of claims under subsection (c), as consideration for recognition of the Tribal water rights and other benefits as described in the Compact and this subtitle, the United States, acting as trustee for allottees, shall execute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Reserva-tion that the United States, acting as trustee for the allottees, asserted or could have asserted in any proceeding, including a State stream adju-dication, on or before the enforceability date, except to the extent that such rights are recog-nized in the Compact and this subtitle. (3) W
AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY TRIBE  
AGAINST UNITED STATES .—Subject to the reserva-tion of rights and retention of claims under sub-section (d), the Tribe, acting on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe (but not any member of the Tribe as an allottee), shall exe-cute a waiver and release of all claims against the United States (including any agency or em-ployee of the United States)— (A) relating to— (i) water rights within the State that the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe, asserted or could have asserted in any pro-ceeding, including a stream adjudication in the State, except to the extent that such rights are recognized as Tribal water rights under this subtitle; (ii) damage, loss, or injury to water, water rights, land, or natural resources due to loss of water or water rights (including damages, losses, or injuries to hunting, fishing, gathering, or cultural rights due to loss of water or water rights, claims relating to interference with, di-version, or taking of water, or claims relating to failure to protect, acquire, replace, or develop water, water rights, or water infrastructure) within the State that first accrued at any time on or before the enforceability date; (iii) a failure to establish or provide a munic-ipal rural or industrial water delivery system on the Reservation; (iv) a failure to provide for operation or main-tenance, or deferred maintenance, for the Blackfeet Irrigation Project or any other irriga-tion system or irrigation project on the Reserva-tion; (v) the litigation of claims relating to the water rights of the Tribe in the State; and (vi) the negotiation, execution, or adoption of the Compact (including exhibits) or this subtitle; (B) reserved in subsections (b) through (d) of section 3706 of the settlement for the case styled Blackfeet Tribe v. United States, No. 02–127L (Fed. Cl. 2012); and (C) that first accrued at any time on or before the enforceability date— (i) arising from the taking or acquisition of the land of the Tribe or resources for the con-struction of the features of the St. Mary Unit of the Milk River Project; (ii) relating to the construction, operation, and maintenance of the St. Mary Unit of the Milk River Project, including Sherburne Dam, St. Mary Diversion Dam, St. Mary Canal and associated infrastructure, and the management of flows in Swiftcurrent Creek, including the di-version of Swiftcurrent Creek into Lower St. Mary Lake; (iii) relating to the construction, operation, and management of Lower Two Medicine Dam and Reservoir and Four Horns Dam and Res-ervoir, including any claim relating to the fail-ure to provide dam safety improvements for Four Horns Reservoir; or (iv) relating to the allocation of waters of the Milk River and St. Mary River (including tribu-taries) between the United States and Canada pursuant to the International Boundary Waters Treaty of 1909 (36 Stat. 2448). (b) E
FFECTIVENESS .—The waivers and releases under subsection (a) shall take effect on the en-forceability date. (c) W
ITHDRAWAL OF OBJECTIONS .—The Tribe shall withdraw all objections to the water rights claims filed by the United States for the benefit of the Milk River Project, except objections to those claims consolidated for adjudication with-in Basin 40J, within 14 days of the certification under subsection (f)(5) that the Tribal member-ship has approved the Compact and this sub-title. (1) Prior to withdrawal of the objections, the Tribe may seek leave of the Montana Water Court for a right to reinstate the objections in the event the conditions of enforceability in sub-section (f)(1) through (8) are not satisfied by the date of expiration described in section 3723 of this subtitle. (2) If the conditions of enforceability in sub-section (f)(1) through (8) are satisfied, and any authority the Montana Water Court may have granted the Tribe to reinstate objections de-scribed in this section has not yet expired, the Tribe shall notify the Montana Water Court and the United States in writing that it will not ex-ercise any such authority. (d) RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND RETENTION  
OFCLAIMS .—Notwithstanding the waivers and releases under subsection (a), the Tribe, acting on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe, and the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe and allottees, shall retain— (1) all claims relating to— (A) enforcement of, or claims accruing after the enforceability date relating to water rights recognized under, the Compact, any final de-cree, or this subtitle; (B) activities affecting the quality of water, including any claim under— (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), including damages to natural resources; (ii) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (iii) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’); and (iv) any regulations implementing the Acts de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iii); or (C) damage, loss, or injury to land or natural resources that are not due to loss of water or water rights (including hunting, fishing, gath-ering, or cultural rights); (2) all rights to use and protect water rights acquired after the date of enactment of this Act; and (3) all rights, remedies, privileges, immunities, and powers not specifically waived and released pursuant to this subtitle or the Compact. (e) E
FFECT OF COMPACT AND SUBTITLE .— Nothing in the Compact or this subtitle— (1) affects the ability of the United States, act-ing as a sovereign, to take any action author-ized by law (including any law relating to health, safety, or the environment), including— (A) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (B) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (C) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’); and (D) any regulations implementing the Acts de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (C); (2) affects the ability of the United States to act as trustee for any other Indian tribe or allot-tee of any other Indian tribe; (3) confers jurisdiction on any State court— (A) to interpret Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environment; (B) to determine the duties of the United States or any other party pursuant to a Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environ-ment; or (C) to conduct judicial review of a Federal agency action; (4) waives any claim of a member of the Tribe in an individual capacity that does not derive from a right of the Tribe; (5) revives any claim waived by the Tribe in the case styled Blackfeet Tribe v. United States, No. 02–127L (Fed. Cl. 2012); or (6) revives any claim released by an allottee or a tribal member in the settlement for the case styled Cobell v. Salazar, No. 1:96CV01285–JR (D.D.C. 2012). (f) ENFORCEABILITY DATE.—The enforceability date shall be the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Register a statement of findings that— (1)(A) the Montana Water Court has approved the Compact, and that decision has become final and nonappealable; or (B) if the Montana Water Court is found to lack jurisdiction, the appropriate United States district court has approved the Compact, and that decision has become final and nonappeal-able; (2) all amounts authorized under section 3718(a) have been appropriated; (3) the agreements required by sections 3706(c), 3707(f), and 3709(c) have been executed; (4) the State has appropriated and paid into an interest-bearing escrow account any pay-ments due as of the date of enactment of this Act to the Tribe under the Compact, the Birch Creek Agreement, and this subtitle; (5) the members of the Tribe have voted to ap-prove this subtitle and the Compact by a major-ity of votes cast on the day of the vote, as cer-tified by the Secretary and the Tribe; (6) the Secretary has fulfilled the requirements of section 3709(a); (7) the agreement or terms and conditions re-ferred to in section 3705 are executed and final; and (8) the waivers and releases described in sub-section (a) have been executed by the Tribe and the Secretary. (g) T
OLLING OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each applicable period of limitation and time-based equitable defense re-lating to a claim described in this section shall be tolled during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which the amounts made available to carry out this subtitle are transferred to the Sec-retary. (2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection revives any claim or tolls any period of limitation or time-based equitable defense that expired before the date of enactment of this Act. (h) E
XPIRATION .—If all appropriations au-thorized by this subtitle have not been made available to the Secretary by January 21, 2026, or such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Tribe and the Secretary, the waivers and re-leases described in this section shall— (1) expire; and (2) have no further force or effect. (i) V
OIDING OF WAIVERS .—If the waivers and releases described in this section are void under subsection (h)— (1) the approval of the United States of the Compact under section 3704 shall no longer be effective; (2) any unexpended Federal funds appro-priated or made available to carry out the ac-tivities authorized by this subtitle, together with any interest earned on those funds, and any water rights or contracts to use water and title to other property acquired or constructed with Federal funds appropriated or made available to carry out the activities authorized under this subtitle shall be returned to the Federal Govern-ment, unless otherwise agreed to by the Tribe and the United States and approved by Con-gress; and (3) except for Federal funds used to acquire or develop property that is returned to the Federal Government under paragraph (2), the United States shall be entitled to offset any Federal funds appropriated or made available to carry out the activities authorized under this subtitle that were expended or withdrawn, together with any interest accrued, against any claims against the United States relating to water rights in the State asserted by the Tribe or any user of the Tribal water rights or in any future settlement of the water rights of the Tribe or an allottee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7469 December 8, 2016 
SEC. 3721. SATISFACTION OF CLAIMS. 
(a) T RIBAL CLAIMS .—The benefits realized by the Tribe under this subtitle shall be in complete replacement of, complete substitution for, and full satisfaction of all— (1) claims of the Tribe against the United States waived and released pursuant to section 3720(a); and (2) objections withdrawn pursuant to section 3720(c). (b) A
LLOTTEE CLAIMS .—The benefits realized by the allottees under this subtitle shall be in complete replacement of, complete substitution for, and full satisfaction of— (1) all claims waived and released pursuant to section 3720(a)(2); and (2) any claim of an allottee against the United States similar in nature to a claim described in section 3720(a)(2) that the allottee asserted or could have asserted. 
SEC. 3722. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) W AIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—Except as provided in subsections (a) through (c) of sec-tion 208 of the Department of Justice Appropria-tion Act, 1953 (43 U.S.C. 666), nothing in this subtitle waives the sovereign immunity of the United States. (b) O
THER TRIBES NOTADVERSELY AF-
FECTED .—Nothing in this subtitle quantifies or diminishes any land or water right, or any claim or entitlement to land or water, of an Indian tribe, band, or community other than the Tribe. (c) L
IMITATION ON CLAIMS FOR REIMBURSE -
MENT .—With respect to any Indian-owned land located within the Reservation— (1) the United States shall not submit against that land any claim for reimbursement of the cost to the United States of carrying out this subtitle or the Compact; and (2) no assessment of that land shall be made regarding that cost. (d) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY OF UNITED  S
TATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The United States has no ob-ligation— (A) to monitor, administer, or account for, in any manner, any funds provided to the Tribe by the State; or (B) to review or approve any expenditure of those funds. (2) I
NDEMNITY .—The Tribe shall indemnify the United States, and hold the United States harm-less, with respect to all claims (including claims for takings or breach of trust) arising from the receipt or expenditure of amounts described in this subsection. (e) E
FFECT ON CURRENT LAW.—Nothing in this section affects any provision of law (including regulations) in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act with respect to preenforcement review of any Federal environ-mental enforcement action. (f) E
FFECT ON RECLAMATION LAWS.—The ac- tivities carried out by the Commissioner of Rec-lamation under this subtitle shall not establish a precedent or impact the authority provided under any other provision of the reclamation laws, including— (1) the Reclamation Rural Water Supply Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 2401 et seq.); and (2) the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 991). (g) I
RRIGATION EFFICIENCY IN UPPER BIRCH C
REEK DRAINAGE .—Any activity carried out by the Tribe in the Upper Birch Creek Drainage (as defined in article II.50 of the Compact) using funds made available to carry out this subtitle shall achieve an irrigation efficiency of not less than 50 percent. (h) B
IRCH CREEK AGREEMENT APPROVAL .— The Birch Creek Agreement is approved to the extent that the Birch Creek Agreement requires approval under section 2116 of the Revised Stat-utes (25 U.S.C. 177). (i) L
IMITATION ON EFFECT .—Nothing in this subtitle or the Compact— (1) makes an allocation or apportionment of water between or among States; or (2) addresses or implies whether, how, or to what extent the Tribal water rights, or any por-tion of the Tribal water rights, should be ac-counted for as part of, or otherwise charged against, an allocation or apportionment of water made to a State in an interstate allocation or apportionment. SEC. 3723. EXPIRATION ON FAILURE TO MEET EN-FORCEABILITY DATE. 
If the Secretary fails to publish a statement of findings under section 3720(f) by not later than January 21, 2025, or such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Tribe and the Secretary, after reasonable notice to the State, as applica-ble— (1) this subtitle expires effective on the later of— (A) January 22, 2025; and (B) the day after such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Tribe and the Secretary; (2) any action taken by the Secretary and any contract or agreement entered into pursuant to this subtitle shall be void; (3) any amounts made available under section 3718, together with any interest on those amounts, that remain unexpended shall imme-diately revert to the general fund of the Treas-ury, except for any funds made available under section 3716(e)(2) if the Montana Water Court denies the Tribe’s request to reinstate the objec-tions in section 3720(c); and (4) the United States shall be entitled to offset against any claims asserted by the Tribe against the United States relating to water rights— (A) any funds expended or withdrawn from the amounts made available pursuant to this subtitle; and (B) any funds made available to carry out the activities authorized by this subtitle from other authorized sources, except for any funds pro-vided under section 3716(e)(2) if the Montana Water court denies the Tribe’s request to rein-state the objections in section 3720(c). 
SEC. 3724. ANTIDEFICIENCY. 
The United States shall not be liable for any failure to carry out any obligation or activity authorized by this subtitle (including any obli-gation or activity under the Compact) if— (1) adequate appropriations are not provided expressly by Congress to carry out the purposes of this subtitle; or (2) there are not enough monies available to carry out the purposes of this subtitle in the Reclamation Water Settlements Fund estab-lished under section 10501(a) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 407(a)). Subtitle H—Water Desalination 
SEC. 3801. REAUTHORIZATION OF WATER DESALI-NATION ACT OF 1996. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF RESEARCH AND STUD-
IES.—Section 3 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) development of metrics to analyze the costs and benefits of desalination relative to other sources of water (including costs and ben-efits related to associated infrastructure, energy use, environmental impacts, and diversification of water supplies); and ‘‘(9) development of design and siting speci-fications that avoid or minimize, adverse eco-nomic and environmental impacts.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
RIORITIZATION .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall prioritize funding for research— ‘‘(1) to reduce energy consumption and lower the cost of desalination, including chloride con-trol; ‘‘(2) to reduce the environmental impacts of seawater desalination and develop technology and strategies to minimize those impacts; ‘‘(3) to improve existing reverse osmosis and membrane technology; ‘‘(4) to carry out basic and applied research on next generation desalination technologies, including improved energy recovery systems and renewable energy-powered desalination systems that could significantly reduce desalination costs; ‘‘(5) to develop portable or modular desalina-tion units capable of providing temporary emer-gency water supplies for domestic or military de-ployment purposes; and ‘‘(6) to develop and promote innovative desali-nation technologies, including chloride control, identified by the Secretary.’’. (b) DESALINATION DEMONSTRATION AND DE-
VELOPMENT .—Section 4 of the Water Desalina-tion Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
RIORITIZATION .—In carrying out dem-onstration and development activities under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize projects— ‘‘(1) for the benefit of drought-stricken States and communities; ‘‘(2) for the benefit of States that have author-ized funding for research and development of desalination technologies and projects; ‘‘(3) that can reduce reliance on imported water supplies that have an impact on species listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(4) that demonstrably leverage the experience of international partners with considerable ex-pertise in desalination, such as the State of Israel. ‘‘(d) W
ATER PRODUCTION .—The Secretary shall provide, as part of the annual budget sub-mission to Congress, an estimate of how much water has been produced and delivered in the past fiscal year using processes and facilities de-veloped or demonstrated using assistance pro-vided under sections 3 and 4. This submission shall include, to the extent practicable, avail-able information on a detailed water accounting by process and facility and the cost per acre foot of water produced and delivered.’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 8 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—Section 9 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In car-rying out’’ in the first sentence and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9. CONSULTATION AND COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) C ONSULTATION .—In carrying out’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The authorization’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) O
THER DESALINATION PROGRAMS .—The authorization’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) (as des-ignated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL DESALINA -
TION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—The White House Office of Science and Technology Policy shall develop a coordinated strategic plan that— ‘‘(1) establishes priorities for future Federal investments in desalination; ‘‘(2) coordinates the activities of Federal agen-cies involved in desalination, including the Bu-reau of Reclamation, the Corps of Engineers, the United States Army Tank Automotive Re-search, Development and Engineering Center, the National Science Foundation, the Office of Naval Research of the Department of Defense, the National Laboratories of the Department of Energy, the United States Geological Survey, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7470 December 8, 2016 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion; ‘‘(3) strengthens research and development co-operation with international partners, such as the State of Israel, in the area of desalination technology; and ‘‘(4) promotes public-private partnerships to develop a framework for assessing needs for, and to optimize siting and design of, future ocean desalination projects.’’. Subtitle I—Amendments to the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act of 1990 
SEC. 3901. AMENDMENTS TO THE GREAT LAKES FISH AND WILDLIFE RESTORATION ACT OF 1990. 
(a) R EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, wherever in this section an amendment is expressed in terms of an amend-ment to a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a sec-tion or other provision of the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 941 et seq.). (b) F
INDINGS .—The Act is amended by striking section 1002 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1002. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds that— ‘‘(1) the Great Lakes have fish and wildlife communities that are structurally and function-ally changing; ‘‘(2) successful fish and wildlife management focuses on the lakes as ecosystems, and effective management requires the coordination and inte-gration of efforts of many partners; ‘‘(3) additional actions and better coordina-tion are needed to protect and effectively man-age the fish and wildlife resources, and the habitats on which the resources depend, in the Great Lakes Basin; and ‘‘(4) this Act allows Federal agencies, States, and Indian tribes to work in an effective part-nership by providing the funding for restoration work.’’. (c) I
DENTIFICATION , REVIEW , AND IMPLEMEN -
TATION OF PROPOSALS AND REGIONAL  P
ROJECTS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROPOSALS AND RE -
GIONAL PROJECTS .—Section 1005(b)(2)(B) (16 U.S.C. 941c(b)(2)(B)) is amended— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) the strategic action plan of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative; and ‘‘(viii) each applicable State wildlife action plan.’’. (2) R
EVIEW OF PROPOSALS .—Section 1005(c)(2)(C) (16 U.S.C. 941c(c)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘Great Lakes Coordinator of the’’. (3) C
OST SHARING .—Section 1005(e) (16 U.S.C. 941c(e)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (4), not less than 25 percent of the cost of implementing a proposal’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—Except as pro-vided in paragraphs (3) and (5) and subject to paragraph (2), not less than 25 percent of the cost of implementing a proposal or regional project’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
IME PERIOD FOR PROVIDING MATCH .— The non-Federal share of the cost of imple-menting a proposal or regional project required under subparagraph (A) may be provided at any time during the 2-year period preceding January 1 of the year in which the Director receives the application for the proposal or regional project.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and (C) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(2) AUTHORIZED SOURCES OF NON -FEDERAL  
SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may deter-mine the non-Federal share under paragraph (1) by taking into account— ‘‘(i) the appraised value of land or a conserva-tion easement as described in subparagraph (B); or ‘‘(ii) as described in subparagraph (C), the costs associated with— ‘‘(I) securing a conservation easement; and ‘‘(II) restoration or enhancement of the con-servation easement. ‘‘(B) A
PPRAISAL OF CONSERVATION EASE -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The value of a conservation easement may be used to satisfy the non-Federal share of the cost of implementing a proposal or regional project required under paragraph (1)(A) if the Director determines that the con-servation easement— ‘‘(I) meets the requirements of subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(II) is acquired before the end of the grant period of the proposal or regional project; ‘‘(III) is held in perpetuity for the conserva-tion purposes of the programs of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service related to the Great Lakes Basin, as described in section 1006, by an accredited land trust or conservancy or a Federal, State, or tribal agency; ‘‘(IV) is connected either physically or through a conservation planning process to the proposal or regional project; and ‘‘(V) is appraised in accordance with clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
PPRAISAL .—With respect to the ap-praisal of a conservation easement described in clause (i)— ‘‘(I) the appraisal valuation date shall be not later than 1 year after the price of the conserva-tion easement was set under a contract; and ‘‘(II) the appraisal shall— ‘‘(aa) conform to the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP); and ‘‘(bb) be completed by a Federal- or State-cer-tified appraiser. ‘‘(C) C
OSTS OF SECURING CONSERVATION EASE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—All costs associated with se-curing a conservation easement and restoration or enhancement of that conservation easement may be used to satisfy the non-Federal share of the cost of implementing a proposal or regional project required under paragraph (1)(A) if the activities and expenses associated with securing the conservation easement and restoration or enhancement of that conservation easement meet the requirements of subparagraph (B)(i). ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The costs referred to in clause (i) may include cash, in-kind contribu-tions, and indirect costs. ‘‘(iii) E
XCLUSION .—The costs referred to in clause (i) may not be costs associated with miti-gation or litigation (other than costs associated with the Natural Resource Damage Assessment program).’’. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF OFFICES .—Section 1007 (16 U.S.C. 941e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ISHERY RESOURCES ’’ and inserting ‘‘F ISH AND  W
ILDLIFE CONSERVATION ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Fishery Resources’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Fish and Wild-life Conservation’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ISHERY RESOURCES ’’ and inserting ‘‘F ISH AND  W
ILDLIFE CONSERVATION ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Fishery Resources’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Fish and Wild-life Conservation’’; (3) by striking subsection (a); and (4) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. (e) R
EPORTS .—Section 1008 (16 U.S.C. 941f) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; and (B) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Action Plan based on’’ after ‘‘in support of’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) CONTINUED MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT  
OFSTUDY FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Director— ‘‘(1) shall continue to monitor the status, and the assessment, management, and restoration needs, of the fish and wildlife resources of the Great Lakes Basin; and ‘‘(2) may reassess and update, as necessary, the findings and recommendations of the Re-port.’’. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 1009 (16 U.S.C. 941g) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$14,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$4,600,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$700,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the activi-ties of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 1007’’ and inserting ‘‘the activities of the Upper Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Conservation Of-fices and the Lower Great Lakes Fish and Wild-life Conservation Office under section 1007’’. (g) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR FED-
ERAL ACQUISITION OF INTERESTS IN LAND.—Sec- tion 1009 (16 U.S.C. 941g) is further amended— (1) by inserting before the sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR FED-
ERAL ACQUISITION OF INTERESTS IN LAND.—No funds appropriated or used to carry out this Act may be used for acquisition by the Federal Gov-ernment of any interest in land.’’. (h) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 8 of the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act of 2006 (16 U.S.C. 941 note; Public Law 109– 326) is repealed. Subtitle J—California Water 
SEC. 4001. OPERATIONS AND REVIEWS. 
(a) W ATER SUPPLIES .—The Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce shall pro-vide the maximum quantity of water supplies practicable to Central Valley Project agricul-tural, municipal and industrial contractors, water service or repayment contractors, water rights settlement contractors, exchange contrac-tors, refuge contractors, and State Water Project contractors, by approving, in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws (including regulations), operations or temporary projects to provide additional water supplies as quickly as possible, based on available information. (b) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce shall, consistent with ap-plicable laws (including regulations)— (1)(A) in close coordination with the Cali-fornia Department of Water Resources and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, im-plement a pilot project to test and evaluate the ability to operate the Delta cross-channel gates daily or as otherwise may be appropriate to keep them open to the greatest extent practicable to protect out-migrating salmonids, manage salinities in the interior Delta and any other water quality issues, and maximize Central Val-ley Project and State Water Project pumping, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7471 December 8, 2016 
subject to the condition that the pilot project shall be designed and implemented consistent with operational criteria and monitoring criteria required by the California State Water Re-sources Control Board; and (B) design, implement, and evaluate such real- time monitoring capabilities to enable effective real-time operations of the cross channel in order efficiently to meet the objectives described in subparagraph (A); (2) with respect to the operation of the Delta cross-channel gates described in paragraph (1), collect data on the impact of that operation on— (A) species listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (B) water quality; and (C) water supply benefits; (3) collaborate with the California Department of Water Resources to install a deflection barrier at Georgiana Slough and the Delta Cross Chan-nel Gate to protect migrating salmonids, con-sistent with knowledge gained from activities carried out during 2014 and 2015; (4) upon completion of the pilot project in paragraph (1), submit to the Senate Committees on Energy and Natural Resources and Environ-ment and Public Works and the House Com-mittee on Natural Resources a written notice and explanation on the extent to which the gates are able to remain open and the pilot project achieves all the goals set forth in para-graphs (1) through (3); (5) implement turbidity control strategies that may allow for increased water deliveries while avoiding jeopardy to adult Delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus); (6) in a timely manner, evaluate any proposal to increase flow in the San Joaquin River through a voluntary sale, transfer, or exchange of water from an agency with rights to divert water from the San Joaquin River or its tribu-taries; (7) adopt a 1:1 inflow to export ratio for the increment of increased flow, as measured as a 3- day running average at Vernalis during the pe-riod from April 1 through May 31, that results from the voluntary sale, transfer, or exchange, unless the Secretary of the Interior and Sec-retary of Commerce determine in writing that a 1:1 inflow to export ratio for that increment of increased flow will cause additional adverse ef-fects on listed salmonid species beyond the range of the effects anticipated to occur to the listed salmonid species for the duration of the salmonid biological opinion using the best sci-entific and commercial data available; and sub-ject to the condition that any individual sale, transfer, or exchange using a 1:1 inflow to ex-port ratio adopted under the authority of this section may only proceed if— (A) the Secretary of the Interior determines that the environmental effects of the proposed sale, transfer, or exchange are consistent with effects permitted under applicable law (includ-ing the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.), and the Por-ter-Cologne Water Quality Control Act (Cali-fornia Water Code 13000 et seq.)); (B) Delta conditions are suitable to allow movement of the acquired, transferred, or ex-changed water through the Delta consistent with existing Central Valley Project and State Water Project permitted water rights and the re-quirements of subsection (a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act; and (C) such voluntary sale, transfer, or exchange of water results in flow that is in addition to flow that otherwise would occur in the absence of the voluntary sale, transfer, or exchange; (8)(A) issue all necessary permit decisions dur-ing emergency consultation under the authority of the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce not later than 60 days after receiving a completed application by the State to place and use temporary barriers or operable gates in Delta channels to improve water quantity and quality for State Water Project and Central Val-ley Project south-of-Delta water contractors and other water users, which barriers or gates shall provide benefits for species protection and in- Delta water user water quality, provided that they are designed so that, if practicable, formal consultations under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) are not nec-essary; and (B) take longer to issue the permit decisions in subparagraph (A) only if the Secretary deter-mines in writing that an Environmental Impact Statement is needed for the proposal to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (9) allow and facilitate, consistent with exist-ing priorities, water transfers through the C.W. ‘‘Bill’’ Jones Pumping Plant or the Harvey O. Banks Pumping Plant from April 1 to November 30; (10) require the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Commissioner of Reclamation to— (A) determine if a written transfer proposal is complete within 30 days after the date of sub-mission of the proposal. If the contracting dis-trict or agency or the Secretary determines that the proposal is incomplete, the district or agency or the Secretary shall state with specificity what must be added to or revised for the proposal to be complete; (B) complete all requirements under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. et seq.) necessary to make final permit decisions on water transfer requests in the State, not later than 45 days after receiv-ing a completed request; (C) take longer to issue the permit decisions in subparagraph (B) only if the Secretary deter-mines in writing that an Environmental Impact Statement is needed for the proposal to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. et seq.), or that the application is incomplete pursuant to subparagraph (A); and (D) approve any water transfer request de-scribed in subparagraph (A) to maximize the quantity of water supplies on the condition that actions associated with the water transfer are consistent with— (i) existing Central Valley Project and State Water Project permitted water rights and the re-quirements of section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Cen-tral Valley Project Improvement Act; and (ii) all other applicable laws and regulations; (11) in coordination with the Secretary of Ag-riculture, enter into an agreement with the Na-tional Academy of Sciences to conduct a com-prehensive study, to be completed not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-title, on the effectiveness and environmental im-pacts of salt cedar biological control efforts on increasing water supplies and improving ripar-ian habitats of the Colorado River and its prin-cipal tributaries, in the State of California and elsewhere; (12) pursuant to the research and adaptive management procedures of the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion use all available scientific tools to identify any changes to the real-time operations of Bureau of Reclamation, State, and local water projects that could result in the availability of addi-tional water supplies; and (13) determine whether alternative operational or other management measures would meet ap-plicable regulatory requirements for listed spe-cies while maximizing water supplies and water supply reliability; and (14) continue to vary the averaging period of the Delta Export/Inflow ratio, to the extent con-sistent with any applicable State Water Re-sources Control Board orders under decision D– 1641, to operate to a (A) ratio using a 3-day averaging period on the rising limb of a Delta inflow hydrograph; and (B) 14-day averaging period on the falling limb of the Delta inflow hydrograph. (c) O
THER AGENCIES .—To the extent that a Federal agency other than the Department of the Interior and the Department of Commerce has a role in approving projects described in subsections (a) and (b), this section shall apply to the Federal agency. (d) A
CCELERATED PROJECT DECISION AND ELE-
VATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On request of the Governor of California, the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce shall use the expedited procedures under this subsection to make final decisions relating to Federal or federally ap-proved projects or operational changes proposed pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) to provide additional water supplies or otherwise address emergency drought conditions. (2) R
EQUEST FOR RESOLUTION .—Not later than 7 days after receiving a request of the Governor of California, the Secretaries referred to in para-graph (1), or the head of another Federal agen-cy responsible for carrying out a review of a project, as applicable, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall convene a final project decision meet-ing with the heads of all relevant Federal agen-cies to decide whether to approve a project to provide emergency water supplies or otherwise address emergency drought condition. (3) N
OTIFICATION .—Upon receipt of a request for a meeting under this subsection, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall notify the heads of all relevant Federal agencies of the request, in-cluding a description of the project to be re-viewed and the date for the meeting. (4) D
ECISION .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which a meeting is requested under paragraph (2), the head of the relevant Federal agency shall issue a final decision on the project. (2) M
EETING CONVENED BY SECRETARY .—The Secretary of the Interior may convene a final project decision meeting under this subsection at any time, at the discretion of the Secretary, re-gardless of whether a meeting is requested under paragraph (2). (3) L
IMITATION .—The expedited procedures under this subsection apply only to— (A) proposed new Federal projects or oper-ational changes pursuant to subsection (a) or (b); and (B) the extent they are consistent with appli-cable laws (including regulations). (e) O
PERATIONS PLAN.—The Secretaries of Commerce and the Interior, in consultation with appropriate State officials, shall develop an op-erations plan that is consistent with the provi-sions of this subtitle and other applicable Fed-eral and State laws, including provisions that are intended to provide additional water sup-plies that could be of assistance during the cur-rent drought. 
SEC. 4002. SCIENTIFICALLY SUPPORTED IMPLE-MENTATION OF OMR FLOW REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In implementing the provi-sions of the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall manage reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers at the most negative reverse flow rate allowed under the applicable biological opinion to maxi-mize water supplies for the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, unless that management of reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers to maximize water supplies would cause additional adverse effects on the listed fish spe-cies beyond the range of effects anticipated to occur to the listed fish species for the duration of the applicable biological opinion, or would be inconsistent with applicable State law require-ments, including water quality, salinity control, and compliance with State Water Resources Control Board Order D–1641 or a successor order. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—If the Secretary of the Interior or Secretary of Commerce determines to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7472 December 8, 2016 
manage rates of pumping at the C.W. ‘‘Bill’’ Jones and the Harvey O. Banks pumping plants in the southern Delta to achieve a reverse OMR flow rate less negative than the most negative reverse flow rate prescribed by the applicable bi-ological opinion, the Secretary shall— (1) document in writing any significant facts regarding real-time conditions relevant to the determinations of OMR reverse flow rates, in-cluding— (A) targeted real-time fish monitoring in the Old River pursuant to this section, including as it pertains to the smelt biological opinion moni-toring of Delta smelt in the vicinity of Station 902; (B) near-term forecasts with available salvage models under prevailing conditions of the effects on the listed species of OMR flow at the most negative reverse flow rate prescribed by the bio-logical opinion; and (C) any requirements under applicable State law; and (2) explain in writing why any decision to manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than the most negative reverse flow rate pre-scribed by the biological opinion is necessary to avoid additional adverse effects on the listed fish species beyond the range of effects antici-pated to occur to the listed fish species for the duration of the applicable biological opinion, after considering relevant factors such as— (A) the distribution of the listed species throughout the Delta; (B) the potential effects of high entrainment risk on subsequent species abundance; (C) the water temperature; (D) other significant factors relevant to the determination, as required by applicable Federal or State laws; (E) turbidity; and (F) whether any alternative measures could have a substantially lesser water supply impact. (c) L
EVEL OF DETAIL REQUIRED .—The anal- yses and documentation required by this section shall be comparable to the depth and complexity as is appropriate for real time decision-making. This section shall not be interpreted to require a level of administrative findings and documenta-tion that could impede the execution of effective real time adaptive management. (d) F
IRST SEDIMENT FLUSH.—During the first flush of sediment out of the Delta in each water year, and provided that such determination is based upon objective evidence, notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall manage OMR flow pursuant to the provi-sions of the smelt biological opinion that pro-tects adult Delta smelt from the first flush if re-quired to do so by the smelt biological opinion. (e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Commerce are author-ized to implement subsection (a) consistent with the results of monitoring through Early Warn-ing Surveys to make real time operational deci-sions consistent with the current applicable bio-logical opinion. (f) C
ALCULATION OF REVERSE FLOW IN  OMR.—Within 180 days of the enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary of the Interior is directed, in consultation with the California Department of Water Resources, and consistent with the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid bio-logical opinion, to review, modify, and imple-ment, if appropriate, the method used to cal-culate reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers, for implementation of the reasonable and pru-dent alternatives in the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding biological opinions. 
SEC. 4003. TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL FLEXI-BILITY FOR STORM EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Nothing in this subtitle authorizes addi-tional adverse effects on listed species beyond the range of the effects anticipated to occur to the listed species for the duration of the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opin-ion, using the best scientific and commercial data available. (2) When consistent with the environmental protection mandate in paragraph (1) while maximizing water supplies for Central Valley Project and State Water Project contractors, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, through an operations plan, shall evaluate and may authorize the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, combined, to operate at levels that result in OMR flows more negative than the most negative reverse flow rate prescribed by the applicable biological opinion (based on United States Geological Sur-vey gauges on Old and Middle Rivers) daily av-erage as described in subsections (b) and (c) to capture peak flows during storm-related events. (b) FACTORS TO BECONSIDERED .—In deter- mining additional adverse effects on any listed fish species beyond the range of effects antici-pated to occur to the listed fish species for the duration of the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion, using the best sci-entific and commercial data available, the Sec-retaries of the Interior and Commerce may con-sider factors including: (1) The degree to which the Delta outflow index indicates a higher level of flow available for diversion. (2) Relevant physical parameters including projected inflows, turbidity, salinities, and tidal cycles. (3) The real-time distribution of listed species. (c) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTIONS .— (1) S
TATE LAW .—The actions of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce under this section shall be consistent with appli-cable regulatory requirements under State law. (2) F
IRST SEDIMENT FLUSH .—During the first flush of sediment out of the Delta in each water year, and provided that such determination is based upon objective evidence, the Secretary of the Interior shall manage OMR flow pursuant to the portion of the smelt biological opinion that protects adult Delta smelt from the first flush if required to do so by the smelt biological opinion. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF OPINION .—This section shall not affect the application of the salmonid biological opinion from April 1 to May 31, unless the Secretary of Commerce finds that some or all of such applicable requirements may be adjusted during this time period to provide emergency water supply relief without resulting in addi-tional adverse effects on listed salmonid species beyond the range of the effects anticipated to occur to the listed salmonid species for the dura-tion of the salmonid biological opinion using the best scientific and commercial data available. In addition to any other actions to benefit water supply, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall consider allowing through-Delta water transfers to occur during this period if they can be accomplished con-sistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act and other ap-plicable law. Water transfers solely or exclu-sively through the State Water Project are not required to be consistent with subsection (a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improve-ment Act. (4) M
ONITORING .—During operations under this section, the Commissioner of Reclamation, in coordination with the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, National Marine Fisheries Service, and California Department of Fish and Wildlife, shall undertake expanded monitoring programs and other data gathering to improve the effi-ciency of operations for listed species protections and Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supply to ensure incidental take levels are not exceeded, and to identify potential negative impacts, if any. (d) E
FFECT OF HIGHOUTFLOWS .—When exer-cising their authorities to capture peak flows pursuant to subsection (c), the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall not count such days toward the 5-day and 14- day running averages of tidally filtered daily Old and Middle River flow requirements under the smelt biological opinion and salmonid bio-logical opinion, unless doing so is required to avoid additional adverse effects on listed fish species beyond those anticipated to occur through implementation of the smelt biological opinion and salmonid biological opinion using the best scientific and commercial data avail-able. (e) LEVEL OF DETAIL REQUIRED FOR ANAL-
YSIS.—In articulating the determinations re-quired under this section, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall fully satisfy the requirements herein but shall not be expected to provide a greater level of sup-porting detail for the analysis than feasible to provide within the short timeframe permitted for timely real-time decisionmaking in response to changing conditions in the Delta. 
SEC. 4004. CONSULTATION ON COORDINATED OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) R ESOLUTION OF WATER RESOURCE  I
SSUES .—In furtherance of the policy established by section 2(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973, that Federal agencies shall cooperate with State and local agencies to resolve water resource issues in concert with conservation of endangered species, in any consultation or re-consultation on the coordinated operations of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, the Secretaries of the Interior and Com-merce shall ensure that any public water agency that contracts for the delivery of water from the Central Valley Project or the State Water Project that so requests shall— (1) have routine and continuing opportunities to discuss and submit information to the action agency for consideration during the develop-ment of any biological assessment; (2) be informed by the action agency of the schedule for preparation of a biological assess-ment; (3) be informed by the consulting agency, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service, of the schedule for preparation of the biological opinion at such time as the biological assessment is submitted to the consulting agency by the action agency; (4) receive a copy of any draft biological opin-ion and have the opportunity to review that document and provide comment to the con-sulting agency through the action agency, which comments will be afforded due consider-ation during the consultation; (5) have the opportunity to confer with the action agency and applicant, if any, about rea-sonable and prudent alternatives prior to the action agency or applicant identifying one or more reasonable and prudent alternatives for consideration by the consulting agency; and (6) where the consulting agency suggests a reasonable and prudent alternative be in-formed— (A) how each component of the alternative will contribute to avoiding jeopardy or adverse modification of critical habitat and the scientific data or information that supports each compo-nent of the alternative; and (B) why other proposed alternative actions that would have fewer adverse water supply and economic impacts are inadequate to avoid jeopardy or adverse modification of critical habitat. (b) I
NPUT.—When consultation is ongoing, the Secretaries of the Interior and Commerce shall regularly solicit input from and report their progress to the Collaborative Adaptive Manage-ment Team and the Collaborative Science and Adaptive Management Program policy group. The Collaborative Adaptive Management Team and the Collaborative Science and Adaptive Management Program policy group may provide the Secretaries with recommendations to im-prove the effects analysis and Federal agency determinations. The Secretaries shall give due consideration to the recommendations when de-veloping the Biological Assessment and Biologi-cal Opinion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7473 December 8, 2016 
(c) M EETINGS .—The Secretaries shall establish a quarterly stakeholder meeting during any con-sultation or reconsultation for the purpose of providing updates on the development of the Bi-ological Assessment and Biological Opinion. The quarterly stakeholder meeting shall be open to stakeholders identified by the Secretaries rep-resenting a broad range of interests including environmental, recreational and commercial fishing, agricultural, municipal, Delta, and other regional interests, and including stake-holders that are not state or local agencies. (d) C
LARIFICATION .—Neither subsection (b) or (c) of this section may be used to meet the re-quirements of subsection (a). (e) N
ON-APPLICABILITY OF FACA.—For the purposes of subsection (b), the Collaborative Adaptive Management Team, the Collaborative Science and Adaptive Management Program policy group, and any recommendations made to the Secretaries, are exempt from the Federal Ad-visory Committee Act. 
SEC. 4005. PROTECTIONS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply only to sections 4001 through 4006. (b) O
FFSET FOR STATE WATER PROJECT .— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION IMPACTS .—The Secretary of the Interior shall confer with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in connection with the implementation of the applicable provi-sions of this subtitle on potential impacts to any consistency determination for operations of the State Water Project issued pursuant to Cali-fornia Fish and Game Code section 2080.1. (2) A
DDITIONAL YIELD .—If, as a result of the application of the applicable provisions of this subtitle, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife— (A) determines that operations of the State Water Project are inconsistent with the consist-ency determinations issued pursuant to Cali-fornia Fish and Game Code section 2080.1 for operations of the State Water Project; or (B) requires take authorization under Cali-fornia Fish and Game Code section 2081 for op-eration of the State Water Project; in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as compared with the water supply available under the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion; and as a result, Central Valley Project yield is greater than it otherwise would have been, then that additional yield shall be made available to the State Water Project for delivery to State Water Project con-tractors to offset that reduced water supply, provided that if it is necessary to reduce water supplies for any Central Valley Project author-ized uses or contractors to make available to the State Water Project that additional yield, such reductions shall be applied proportionately to those uses or contractors that benefit from that increased yield. (3) N
OTIFICATION RELATED TO ENVIRONMENTAL  
PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce shall— (A) notify the Director of the California De-partment of Fish and Wildlife regarding any changes in the manner in which the smelt bio-logical opinion or the salmonid biological opin-ion is implemented; and (B) confirm that those changes are consistent with the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (4) S
AVINGS .—Nothing in the applicable provi-sions of this subtitle shall have any effect on the application of the California Endangered Spe-cies Act (California Fish and Game Code sec-tions 2050 through 2116). (c) A
REA OF ORIGIN AND WATER RIGHTS PRO-
TECTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, in carrying out the mandates of the applicable provisions of this subtitle, shall take no action that— (A) diminishes, impairs, or otherwise affects in any manner any area of origin, watershed of or-igin, county of origin, or any other water rights protection, including rights to water appro-priated before December 19, 1914, provided under State law; (B) limits, expands or otherwise affects the application of section 10505, 10505.5, 11128, 11460, 11461, 11462, 11463 or 12200 through 12220 of the California Water Code or any other provi-sion of State water rights law, without respect to whether such a provision is specifically re-ferred to in this section; or (C) diminishes, impairs, or otherwise affects in any manner any water rights or water rights priorities under applicable law. (2) EFFECT OF ACT .— (A) Nothing in the applicable provisions of this subtitle affects or modifies any obligation of the Secretary of the Interior under section 8 of the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 390, chapter 1093). (B) Nothing in the applicable provisions of this subtitle diminishes, impairs, or otherwise affects in any manner any Project purposes or priorities for the allocation, delivery or use of water under applicable law, including the Project purposes and priorities established under section 3402 and section 3406 of the Cen-tral Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706). (d) N
OREDIRECTED ADVERSE IMPACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce shall not carry out any specific action authorized under the appli-cable provisions of this subtitle that would di-rectly or through State agency action indirectly result in the involuntary reduction of water supply to an individual, district, or agency that has in effect a contract for water with the State Water Project or the Central Valley Project, in-cluding Settlement and Exchange contracts, ref-uge contracts, and Friant Division contracts, as compared to the water supply that would be provided in the absence of action under this subtitle, and nothing in this section is intended to modify, amend or affect any of the rights and obligations of the parties to such contracts. (2) A
CTION ON DETERMINATION .—If, after ex-ploring all options, the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Commerce makes a final de-termination that a proposed action under the applicable provisions of this subtitle cannot be carried out in accordance with paragraph (1), that Secretary— (A) shall document that determination in writing for that action, including a statement of the facts relied on, and an explanation of the basis, for the decision; and (B) is subject to applicable law, including the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (e) A
LLOCATIONS FOR SACRAMENTO VALLEY  W
ATER SERVICE CONTRACTORS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) E
XISTING CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT AGRI -
CULTURAL WATER SERVICE CONTRACTOR WITHIN  
THE SACRAMENTO RIVER WATERSHED .—The term ‘‘existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed’’ means any water service con-tractor within the Shasta, Trinity, or Sac-ramento River division of the Central Valley Project that has in effect a water service con-tract on the date of enactment of this subtitle that provides water for irrigation. (B) Y
EAR TERMS .—The terms ‘‘Above Normal’’, ‘‘Below Normal’’, ‘‘Dry’’, and ‘‘Wet’’, with re-spect to a year, have the meanings given those terms in the Sacramento Valley Water Year Type (40–30–30) Index. (2) A
LLOCATIONS OF WATER .— (A) A
LLOCATIONS .—Subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary of the Interior shall make every reasonable effort in the operation of the Central Valley Project to allocate water provided for ir-rigation purposes to each existing Central Val-ley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed in ac-cordance with the following: (i) Not less than 100 percent of the contract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed in a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (ii) Not less than 100 percent of the contract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service Contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed in an ‘‘Above Nor-mal’’ year. (iii) Not less than 100 percent of the contract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed in a ‘‘Below Nor-mal’’ year that is preceded by an ‘‘Above Nor-mal’’ or ‘‘Wet’’ year. (iv) Not less than 50 percent of the contract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed in a ‘‘Dry’’ year that is preceded by a ‘‘Below Normal’’, ‘‘Above Normal’’, or ‘‘Wet’’ year. (v) In any other year not identified in any of clauses (i) through (iv), not less than twice the allocation percentage to south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractors, up to 100 percent. (B) EFFECT OF CLAUSE .—In the event of anom-alous circumstances, nothing in clause (A)(v) precludes an allocation to an existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractor within the Sacramento River Watershed that is greater than twice the allocation per-centage to a south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor. (3) P
ROTECTION OF ENVIRONMENT , MUNICIPAL  
AND INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES , AND OTHER CONTRAC -
TORS.— (A) E
NVIRONMENT .—Nothing in paragraph (2) shall adversely affect any protections for the en-vironment, including— (i) the obligation of the Secretary of the Inte-rior to make water available to managed wet-lands pursuant to section 3406(d) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4722); or (ii) any obligation— (I) of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce under the smelt biologi-cal opinion, the salmonid biological opinion, or any other applicable biological opinion; includ-ing the Shasta Dam cold water pool require-ments as set forth in the salmonid biological opinion or any other applicable State or Federal law (including regulations); or (II) under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. et seq.), the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706), or any other applicable State or Federal law (including regulations). (B) M
UNICIPAL AND INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES .— Nothing in paragraph (2) shall— (i) modify any provision of a water service contract that addresses municipal or industrial water shortage policies of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce; (ii) affect or limit the authority of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce to adopt or modify municipal and indus-trial water shortage policies; (iii) affect or limit the authority of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce to implement a municipal or industrial water shortage policy; (iv) constrain, govern, or affect, directly or in-directly, the operations of the American River division of the Central Valley Project or any de-liveries from that division or a unit or facility of that division; or (v) affects any allocation to a Central Valley Project municipal or industrial water service contractor by increasing or decreasing alloca-tions to the contractor, as compared to the allo-cation the contractor would have received ab-sent paragraph (2). (C) O
THER CONTRACTORS .—Nothing in para-graph (2) shall— (i) affect the priority of any individual or en-tity with a Sacramento River settlement contract over water service or repayment contractors; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7474 December 8, 2016 
(ii) affect the obligation of the United States to make a substitute supply of water available to the San Joaquin River exchange contractors; (iii) affect the allocation of water to Friant di-vision contractors of the Central Valley Project; (iv) result in the involuntary reduction in contract water allocations to individuals or enti-ties with contracts to receive water from the Friant division; (v) result in the involuntary reduction in water allocations to refuge contractors; or (vi) authorize any actions inconsistent with State water rights law. 
SEC. 4006. NEW MELONES RESERVOIR. 
The Commissioner is directed to work with local water and irrigation districts in the Stanislaus River Basin to ascertain the water storage made available by the Draft Plan of Op-erations in New Melones Reservoir (DRPO) for water conservation programs, conjunctive use projects, water transfers, rescheduled project water and other projects to maximize water stor-age and ensure the beneficial use of the water resources in the Stanislaus River Basin. All such programs and projects shall be imple-mented according to all applicable laws and reg-ulations. The source of water for any such stor-age program at New Melones Reservoir shall be made available under a valid water right, con-sistent with the State water transfer guidelines and any other applicable State water law. The Commissioner shall inform the Congress within 18 months setting forth the amount of storage made available by the DRPO that has been put to use under this program, including proposals received by the Commissioner from interested parties for the purpose of this section. 
SEC. 4007. STORAGE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: (1) F
EDERALLY OWNED STORAGE PROJECT .—The term ‘‘federally owned storage project’’ means any project involving a surface water storage facility in a Reclamation State— (A) to which the United States holds title; and (B) that was authorized to be constructed, op-erated, and maintained pursuant to the rec-lamation laws. (2) S
TATE-LED STORAGE PROJECT .—The term ‘‘State-led storage project’’ means any project in a Reclamation State that— (A) involves a groundwater or surface water storage facility constructed, operated, and maintained by any State, department of a State, subdivision of a State, or public agency orga-nized pursuant to State law; and (B) provides a benefit in meeting any obliga-tion under Federal law (including regulations). (b) F
EDERALLY OWNED STORAGE PROJECTS .— (1) A
GREEMENTS .—On the request of any State, any department, agency, or subdivision of a State, or any public agency organized pursu-ant to State law, the Secretary of the Interior may negotiate and enter into an agreement on behalf of the United States for the design, study, and construction or expansion of any federally owned storage project in accordance with this section. (2) F
EDERAL COST SHARE .—Subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, the Secretary of the Interior may participate in a federally owned storage project in an amount equal to not more than 50 percent of the total cost of the fed-erally owned storage project. (3) C
OMMENCEMENT .—The construction of a federally owned storage project that is the sub-ject of an agreement under this subsection shall not commence until the Secretary of the Inte-rior— (A) determines that the proposed federally owned storage project is feasible in accordance with the reclamation laws; (B) secures an agreement providing upfront funding as is necessary to pay the non-Federal share of the capital costs; and (C) determines that, in return for the Federal cost-share investment in the federally owned storage project, at least a proportionate share of the project benefits are Federal benefits, includ-ing water supplies dedicated to specific purposes such as environmental enhancement and wild-life refuges. (4) ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS .—In participating in a federally owned storage project under this subsection, the Secretary of the Interior shall comply with all applicable environmental laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (c) S
TATE-LEDSTORAGE PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the requirements of this subsection, the Secretary of the Interior may participate in a State-led storage project in an amount equal to not more than 25 percent of the total cost of the State-led storage project. (2) R
EQUEST BY GOVERNOR .—Participation by the Secretary of the Interior in a State-led stor-age project under this subsection shall not occur unless— (A) the participation has been requested by the Governor of the State in which the State-led storage project is located; (B) the State or local sponsor determines, and the Secretary of the Interior concurs, that— (i) the State-led storage project is technically and financially feasible and provides a Federal benefit in accordance with the reclamation laws; (ii) sufficient non-Federal funding is available to complete the State-led storage project; and (iii) the State-led storage project sponsors are financially solvent; (C) the Secretary of the Interior determines that, in return for the Federal cost-share invest-ment in the State-led storage project, at least a proportional share of the project benefits are the Federal benefits, including water supplies dedi-cated to specific purposes such as environmental enhancement and wildlife refuges; and (D) the Secretary of the Interior submits to Congress a written notification of these deter-minations within 30 days of making such deter-minations. (3) E
NVIRONMENTAL LAWS .—When partici-pating in a State-led storage project under this subsection, the Secretary shall comply with all applicable environmental laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (4) I
NFORMATION .—When participating in a State-led storage project under this subsection, the Secretary of the Interior— (A) may rely on reports prepared by the spon-sor of the State-led storage project, including feasibility (or equivalent) studies, environmental analyses, and other pertinent reports and anal-yses; but (B) shall retain responsibility for making the independent determinations described in para-graph (2). (d) A
UTHORITY TOPROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of the Interior may provide financial assistance under this subtitle to carry out projects within any Reclamation State. (e) R
IGHTS TOUSECAPACITY .—Subject to com-pliance with State water rights laws, the right to use the capacity of a federally owned storage project or State-led storage project for which the Secretary of the Interior has entered into an agreement under this subsection shall be allo-cated in such manner as may be mutually agreed to by the Secretary of the Interior and each other party to the agreement. (f) C
OMPLIANCE WITH CALIFORNIA WATER B
OND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The provision of Federal funding for construction of a State-led storage project in the State of California shall be subject to the condition that the California Water Com-mission shall determine that the State-led stor-age project is consistent with the California Water Quality, Supply, and Infrastructure Im-provement Act, approved by California voters on November 4, 2014. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—This subsection expires on the date on which State bond funds available under the Act referred to in paragraph (1) are expended. (g) PARTNERSHIP AND AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the Interior, acting through the Com-missioner, may partner or enter into an agree-ment regarding the water storage projects iden-tified in section 103(d)(1) of the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act (Public Law 108–361; 118 Stat. 1688) with local joint powers authorities formed pursuant to State law by irrigation districts and other local water districts and local governments within the applicable hydrologic region, to ad-vance those projects. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) $335,000,000 of funding in section 4011(e) is authorized to remain available until expended. (2) Projects can only receive funding if en-acted appropriations legislation designates funding to them by name, after the Secretary recommends specific projects for funding pursu-ant to this section and transmits such rec-ommendations to the appropriate committees of Congress. (i) S
UNSET .—This section shall apply only to federally owned storage projects and State-led storage projects that the Secretary of the Inte-rior determines to be feasible before January 1, 2021. (j) C
ONSISTENCY WITHSTATE LAW.—Nothing in this section preempts or modifies any obliga-tion of the United States to act in conformance with applicable State law. (k) C
ALFED AUTHORIZATION .—Title I of Public Law 108–361 (the Calfed Bay-Delta Authoriza-tion Act) (118 Stat. 1681; 123 Stat. 2860; 128 Stat. 164; 128 Stat. 2312) (as amended by section 207 of Public Law 114–113) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 4008. LOSSES CAUSED BY THE CONSTRUC-TION AND OPERATION OF STORAGE PROJECTS. 
(a) M ARINAS , R ECREATIONAL FACILITIES , O
THER BUSINESSES .—If in constructing any new or modified water storage project included in section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1684), the Bureau of Reclamation destroys or otherwise adversely affects any existing ma-rina, recreational facility, or other water-de-pendent business when constructing or oper-ating a new or modified water storage project, the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture, acting through the Bureau and the Forest Serv-ice shall— (1) provide compensation otherwise required by law; and (2) provide the owner of the affected marina, recreational facility, or other water-dependent business under mutually agreeable terms and conditions with the right of first refusal to con-struct and operate a replacement marina, rec-reational facility, or other water-dependent business, as the case may be, on United States land associated with the new or modified water storage project. (b) H
YDROELECTRIC PROJECTS .—If in con-structing any new or modified water storage project included in section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108-361 (118 Stat. 1684), the Bureau of Rec-lamation reduces or eliminates the capacity or generation of any existing non-Federal hydro-electric project by inundation or otherwise, the Secretary of the Interior shall, subject to the re-quirements and limitations of this section— (1) provide compensation otherwise required by law; (2) provide the owner of the affected hydro-electric project under mutually agreeable terms and conditions with a right of first refusal to construct, operate, and maintain replacement hydroelectric generating facilities at such new or modified water storage project on Federal land associated with the new or modified water storage project or on private land owned by the affected hydroelectric project owner; (3) provide compensation for the construction of any water conveyance facilities as are nec-essary to convey water to any new powerhouse constructed by such owner in association with such new hydroelectric generating facilities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7475 December 8, 2016 
(4) provide for paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) at a cost not to exceed the estimated value of the actual impacts to any existing non-Federal hy-droelectric project, including impacts to its ca-pacity and energy value, and as estimated for the associated feasibility study, including addi-tional planning, environmental, design, con-struction, and operations and maintenance costs for existing and replacement facilities; and (5) ensure that action taken under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) shall not directly or indi-rectly increase the costs to recipients of power marketed by the Western Area Power Adminis-tration, nor decrease the value of such power. (c) E
XISTING LICENSEE .—The owner of any project affected under subsection (b)(2) shall be deemed the existing licensee, in accordance with section 15(a) of the Act of June 10, 1920 (16 U.S.C. 808(a)), for any replacement project to be constructed within the proximate geographic area of the affected project. (d) C
OSTALLOCATION .— (1) C
OMPENSATION .—Any compensation under this section shall be a project cost allocated sole-ly to the direct beneficiaries of the new or modi-fied water project constructed under this sec-tion. (2) R
EPLACEMENT COSTS .—The costs of the re-placement project, and any compensation, shall be— (A) treated as a stand-alone project and shall not be financially integrated in any other project; and (B) allocated in accordance with mutually agreeable terms between the Secretary and project beneficiaries. (e) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall only apply to federally owned water storage projects whether authorized under section 4007 or some other authority. (f) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section af-fects the ability of landowners or Indian tribes to seek compensation or any other remedy other-wise provided by law. (g) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—No action taken under this section shall directly or indirectly increase the costs to recipients of power marketed by the Western Area Power Administration, nor de-crease the value of such power. 
SEC. 4009. OTHER WATER SUPPLY PROJECTS. 
(a) W ATER DESALINATION ACTAMENDMENTS .— Section 4 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the requirements of this subsection, the Secretary of the Interior may participate in an eligible desalination project in an amount equal to not more than 25 percent of the total cost of the eligible desalina-tion project. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE DESALINATION PROJECT .—The term ‘eligible desalination project’ means any project in a Reclamation State, that— ‘‘(i) involves an ocean or brackish water de-salination facility either constructed, operated and maintained; or sponsored by any State, de-partment of a State, subdivision of a State or public agency organized pursuant to a State law; and ‘‘(ii) provides a Federal benefit in accordance with the reclamation laws (including regula-tions). ‘‘(C) S
TATE ROLE .—Participation by the Sec-retary of the Interior in an eligible desalination project under this subsection shall not occur un-less— ‘‘(i) the project is included in a state-approved plan or federal participation has been requested by the Governor of the State in which the eligi-ble desalination project is located; and ‘‘(ii) the State or local sponsor determines, and the Secretary of the Interior concurs, that— ‘‘(I) the eligible desalination project is tech-nically and financially feasible and provides a Federal benefit in accordance with the reclama-tion laws; ‘‘(II) sufficient non-Federal funding is avail-able to complete the eligible desalination project; and ‘‘(III) the eligible desalination project spon-sors are financially solvent; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary of the Interior submits to Congress a written notification of these deter-minations within 30 days of making such deter-minations. ‘‘(D) ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS .—When partici-pating in an eligible desalination project under this subsection, the Secretary shall comply with all applicable environmental laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(E) I
NFORMATION .—When participating in an eligible desalination project under this sub-section, the Secretary of the Interior— ‘‘(i) may rely on reports prepared by the spon-sor of the eligible desalination project, including feasibility (or equivalent) studies, environmental analyses, and other pertinent reports and anal-yses; but ‘‘(ii) shall retain responsibility for making the independent determinations described in sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(F) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(i) $30,000,000 of funding is authorized to re-main available until expended; and ‘‘(ii) Projects can only receive funding if en-acted appropriations legislation designates funding to them by name, after the Secretary recommends specific projects for funding pursu-ant to this subsection and transmits such rec-ommendations to the appropriate committees of Congress.’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEWWATER RECYCLING  
ANDREUSE PROJECTS .—Section 1602 of the Rec-lamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act (title XVI of Public Law 102– 575; 43 U.S.C. 390h et. seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEWWATER RECY-
CLING AND REUSE PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION TO THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Non-Federal interests may submit proposals for projects eligible to be au-thorized pursuant to this section in the form of completed feasibility studies to the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—A project shall be considered eligible for consideration under this section if the project reclaims and reuses— ‘‘(i) municipal, industrial, domestic, or agri-cultural wastewater; or ‘‘(ii) impaired ground or surface waters. ‘‘(C) G
UIDELINES .—Within 60 days of the en-actment of this Act the Secretary shall issue guidelines for feasibility studies for water recy-cling and reuse projects to provide sufficient in-formation for the formulation of the studies. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW BY THE SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary shall review each feasibility study re-ceived under paragraph (1)(A) for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) determining whether the study, and the process under which the study was developed, each comply with Federal laws and regulations applicable to feasibility studies of water recy-cling and reuse projects; and ‘‘(B) the project is technically and financially feasible and provides a Federal benefit in ac-cordance with the reclamation laws. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of a feasibility study received under paragraph (1)(A), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that describes— ‘‘(A) the results of the Secretary’s review of the study under paragraph (2), including a de-termination of whether the project is feasible; ‘‘(B) any recommendations the Secretary may have concerning the plan or design of the project; and ‘‘(C) any conditions the Secretary may require for construction of the project. ‘‘(4) ELIGIBILITY FOR FUNDING .—The non-Fed-eral project sponsor of any project determined by the Secretary to be feasible under paragraph (3)(A) shall be eligible to apply to the Secretary for funding for the Federal share of the costs of planning, designing and constructing the project pursuant to subsection (f). ‘‘(f) C
OMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM FOR THE  F
UNDING OF WATER RECYCLING AND REUSE P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a competitive grant program under which the non-Federal project sponsor of any project determined by the Secretary to be fea-sible under subsection (e)(3)(A) shall be eligible to apply for funding for the planning, design, and construction of the project, subject to sub-section (g)(2). ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—When funding projects under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give funding priority to projects that meet one or more of the criteria listed in paragraph (3) and are located in an area that— ‘‘(A) has been identified by the United States Drought Monitor as experiencing severe, ex-treme, or exceptional drought at any time in the 4-year period before such funds are made avail-able; or ‘‘(B) was designated as a disaster area by a State during the 4-year period before such funds are made available. ‘‘(3) C
RITERIA .—The project criteria referred to in paragraph (2) are the following: ‘‘(A) Projects that are likely to provide a more reliable water supply for States and local gov-ernments. ‘‘(B) Projects that are likely to increase the water management flexibility and reduce im-pacts on environmental resources from projects operated by Federal and State agencies. ‘‘(C) Projects that are regional in nature. ‘‘(D) Projects with multiple stakeholders. ‘‘(E) Projects that provide multiple benefits, including water supply reliability, eco-system benefits, groundwater management and en-hancements, and water quality improvements. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Interior an additional $50,000,000 to remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) Projects can only receive funding if en-acted appropriations legislation designates funding to them by name, after the Secretary recommends specific projects for funding pursu-ant to subsection (f) and transmits such rec-ommendations to the appropriate committees of Congress.’’. (d) F
UNDING .—Section 9504 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 10364) is amended in subsection (e) by striking ‘‘$350,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$450,000,000’’ on the condition that of that amount, $50,000,000 of it is used to carry out section 206 of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriation Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113–235). 
SEC. 4010. ACTIONS TO BENEFIT THREATENED AND ENDANGERED SPECIES AND OTHER WILDLIFE. 
(a) I NCREASED REAL-TIMEMONITORING AND  U
PDATED SCIENCE .— (1) S
MELT BIOLOGICAL OPINION .—The Director shall use the best scientific and commercial data available to implement, continuously evaluate, and refine or amend, as appropriate, the reason-able and prudent alternative described in the smelt biological opinion. (2) I
NCREASED MONITORING TO INFORM REAL - 
TIME OPERATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior shall conduct additional surveys, on an an-nual basis at the appropriate time of year based on environmental conditions, in collaboration with interested stakeholders regarding the science of the Delta in general, and to enhance real time decisionmaking in particular, working 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7476 December 8, 2016 
in close coordination with relevant State au-thorities. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary of the Interior shall use— (i) the most appropriate and accurate survey methods available for the detection of Delta smelt to determine the extent to which adult Delta smelt are distributed in relation to certain levels of turbidity or other environmental factors that may influence salvage rate; (ii) results from appropriate surveys for the detection of Delta smelt to determine how the Central Valley Project and State Water Project may be operated more efficiently to maximize fish and water supply benefits; and (iii) science-based recommendations developed by any of the persons or entities described in paragraph (4)(B) to inform the agencies’ real- time decisions. (C) W
INTER MONITORING .—During the period between December 1 and March 31, if suspended sediment loads enter the Delta from the Sac-ramento River, and the suspended sediment loads appear likely to raise turbidity levels in the Old River north of the export pumps from values below 12 Nephelometric Turbidity Units (NTUs) to values above 12 NTUs, the Secretary of the Interior shall— (i) conduct daily monitoring using appropriate survey methods at locations including the vicin-ity of Station 902 to determine the extent to which adult Delta smelt are moving with tur-bidity toward the export pumps; and (ii) use results from the monitoring under sub-paragraph (A) to determine how increased trawling can inform daily real-time Central Val-ley Project and State Water Project operations to maximize fish and water supply benefits. (3) P
ERIODIC REVIEW OF MONITORING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary of the Interior shall— (A) evaluate whether the monitoring program under paragraph (2), combined with other moni-toring programs for the Delta, is providing suffi-cient data to inform Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations to maximize the water supply for fish and water supply benefits; and (B) determine whether the monitoring efforts should be changed in the short or long term to provide more useful data. (4) D
ELTA SMELT DISTRIBUTION STUDY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 15, 2021, the Secretary of the Interior shall— (i) complete studies, to be initiated by not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subtitle, designed— (I) to understand the location and determine the abundance and distribution of Delta smelt throughout the range of the Delta smelt; and (II) to determine potential methods to mini-mize the effects of Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations on the Delta smelt; (ii) based on the best available science, if ap-propriate and practicable, implement new tar-geted sampling and monitoring of Delta smelt in order to maximize fish and water supply benefits prior to completion of the study under clause (i); (iii) to the maximum extent practicable, use new technologies to allow for better tracking of Delta smelt, such as acoustic tagging, optical recognition during trawls, and fish detection using residual deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA); and (iv) if new sampling and monitoring is not im-plemented under clause (ii), provide a detailed explanation of the determination of the Sec-retary of the Interior that no change is war-ranted. (B) C
ONSULTATION .—In determining the scope of the studies under this subsection, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall consult with— (i) Central Valley Project and State Water Project water contractors and public water agencies; (ii) other public water agencies; (iii) the California Department of Fish and Wildlife and the California Department of Water Resources; and (iv) nongovernmental organizations. (b) ACTIONS TO BENEFIT ENDANGERED FISH P
OPULATIONS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) minimizing or eliminating stressors to fish populations and their habitat in an efficient and structured manner is a key aspect of a fish recovery strategy; (B) functioning, diverse, and interconnected habitats are necessary for a species to be viable; and (C) providing for increased fish habitat may not only allow for a more robust fish recovery, but also reduce impacts to water supplies. (2) A
CTIONS FOR BENEFIT OF ENDANGERED SPE -
CIES.—There is authorized to be appropriated the following amounts: (A) $15,000,000 for the Secretary of Commerce, through the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, to carry out the following activities in accordance with the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.): (i) Gravel and rearing area additions and habitat restoration to the Sacramento River to benefit Chinook salmon and steelhead trout. (ii) Scientifically improved and increased real- time monitoring to inform real-time operations of Shasta and related Central Valley Project fa-cilities, and alternative methods, models, and equipment to improve temperature modeling and related forecasted information for purposes of predicting impacts to salmon and salmon habi-tat as a result of water management at Shasta. (iii) Methods to improve the Delta salvage sys-tems, including alternative methods to redeposit salvaged salmon smolts and other fish from the Delta in a manner that reduces predation losses. (B) $3,000,000 for the Secretary of the Interior to conduct the Delta smelt distribution study referenced in subsection (a)(4). (3) C
OMMENCEMENT .—If the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration determines that a proposed activity is feasible and beneficial for protecting and recov-ering a fish population, the Administrator shall commence implementation of the activity by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—The Administrator shall take such steps as are necessary to partner with, and coordinate the efforts of, the Depart-ment of the Interior, the Department of Com-merce, and other relevant Federal departments and agencies to ensure that all Federal reviews, analyses, opinions, statements, permits, licenses, and other approvals or decisions required under Federal law are completed on an expeditious basis, consistent with Federal law. (5) C
ONSERVATION FISH HATCHERIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secre-taries of the Interior and Commerce, in coordi-nation with the Director of the California De-partment of Fish and Wildlife, shall develop and implement as necessary the expanded use of conservation hatchery programs to enhance, supplement, and rebuild Delta smelt and Endan-gered Species Act-listed fish species under the smelt and salmonid biological opinions. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The conservation hatch-ery programs established under paragraph (1) and the associated hatchery and genetic man-agement plans shall be designed— (i) to benefit, enhance, support, and otherwise recover naturally spawning fish species to the point where the measures provided under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) are no longer necessary; and (ii) to minimize adverse effects to Central Val-ley Project and State Water Project operations. (C) P
RIORITY ; COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—In implementing this section, the Secretaries of the Interior and Commerce— (i) shall give priority to existing and prospec-tive hatchery programs and facilities within the Delta and the riverine tributaries thereto; and (ii) may enter into cooperative agreements for the operation of conservation hatchery pro-grams with States, Indian tribes, and other non-governmental entities for the benefit, enhance-ment, and support of naturally spawning fish species. (6) ACQUISITION OF LAND , WATER , OR INTER -
ESTS FROM WILLING SELLERS FOR ENVIRON -
MENTAL PURPOSES IN CALIFORNIA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior is authorized to acquire by purchase, lease, donation, or otherwise, land, water, or interests in land or water from willing sellers in Cali-fornia— (i) to benefit listed or candidate species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or the California Endangered Spe-cies Act (California Fish and Game Code sec-tions 2050 through 2116); (ii) to meet requirements of, or otherwise pro-vide water quality benefits under, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) or the Porter Cologne Water Quality Con-trol Act (division 7 of the California Water Code); or (iii) for protection and enhancement of the en-vironment, as determined by the Secretary of the Interior. (B) S
TATE PARTICIPATION .—In implementing this section, the Secretary of the Interior is au-thorized to participate with the State of Cali-fornia or otherwise hold such interests identified in subparagraph (A) in joint ownership with the State of California based on a cost share deemed appropriate by the Secretary. (C) T
REATMENT .—Any expenditures under this subsection shall be nonreimbursable and non-returnable to the United States. (7) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF THE FISHERIES RES -
TORATION AND IRRIGATION MITIGATION ACT OF  
2000.— (A) Section 10(a) of the Fisheries Restoration and Irrigation Mitigation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 777 note; Public Law 106–502) is amended by striking ‘‘$25 million for each of fiscal years 2009 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$15 million through 2021’’; and (B) Section 2 of the Fisheries Restoration and Irrigation Mitigation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 777 note; Public Law 106–502) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Montana, and Idaho’’ and inserting ‘‘Montana, Idaho, and California’’. (c) A
CTIONS TO BENEFIT REFUGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to funding under section 3407 of the Central Valley Project Im-provement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4726), there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Interior $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 for the accel-eration and completion of water infrastructure and conveyance facilities necessary to achieve full water deliveries to Central Valley wildlife refuges and habitat areas pursuant to section 3406(d) of that Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4722). (2) C
OST SHARING .— (A) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of carrying out an activity described in this section shall be not more than 50 percent. (B) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share of the cost of carrying out an activity de-scribed in this section— (i) shall be not less than 50 percent; and (ii) may be provided in cash or in kind. (d) N
ON-FEDERAL PROGRAM TO PROTECT NA-
TIVE ANADROMOUS FISH IN STANISLAUS RIVER.— (1) D
EFINITION OF DISTRICT .—In this section, the term ‘‘district’’ means— (A) the Oakdale Irrigation District of the State of California; and (B) the South San Joaquin Irrigation District of the State of California. (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Com-merce, acting through the Assistant Adminis-trator of the National Marine Fisheries Service, and the districts shall jointly establish and con-duct a nonnative predator research and pilot fish removal program to study the effects of re-moving from the Stanislaus River— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7477 December 8, 2016 
(A) nonnative striped bass, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, black bass; and (B) other nonnative predator fish species. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The program under this section shall— (A) be scientifically based, with research ques-tions determined jointly by— (i) National Marine Fisheries Service sci-entists; and (ii) technical experts of the districts; (B) include methods to quantify by, among other things, evaluating the number of juvenile anadromous fish that migrate past the rotary screw trap located at Caswell— (i) the number and size of predator fish re-moved each year; and (ii) the impact of the removal on— (I) the overall abundance of predator fish in the Stanislaus River; and (II) the populations of juvenile anadromous fish in the Stanislaus River; (C) among other methods, consider using wire fyke trapping, portable resistance board weirs, and boat electrofishing; and (D) be implemented as quickly as practicable after the date of issuance of all necessary sci-entific research permits. (4) M
ANAGEMENT .—The management of the program shall be the joint responsibility of the Assistant Administrator and the districts, which shall— (A) work collaboratively to ensure the per-formance of the program; and (B) discuss and agree on, among other things— (i) qualified scientists to lead the program; (ii) research questions; (iii) experimental design; (iv) changes in the structure, management, personnel, techniques, strategy, data collection and access, reporting, and conduct of the pro-gram; and (v) the need for independent peer review. (5) C
ONDUCT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For each applicable cal-endar year, the districts, on agreement of the Assistant Administrator, may elect to conduct the program under this section using— (i) the personnel of the Assistant Adminis-trator or districts; (ii) qualified private contractors hired by the districts; (iii) personnel of, on loan to, or otherwise as-signed to the National Marine Fisheries Service; or (iv) a combination of the individuals described in clauses (i) through (iii). (B) P
ARTICIPATION BY NATIONAL MARINE FISH -
ERIES SERVICE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the districts elect to con-duct the program using district personnel or qualified private contractors hired under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A), the Assistant Ad-ministrator may assign an employee of, on loan to, or otherwise assigned to the National Marine Fisheries Service, to be present for all activities performed in the field to ensure compliance with paragraph (4). (ii) C
OSTS.—The districts shall pay the cost of participation by the employee under clause (i), in accordance with paragraph (6). (C) T
IMING OF ELECTION .—The districts shall notify the Assistant Administrator of an election under subparagraph (A) by not later than Octo-ber 15 of the calendar year preceding the cal-endar year for which the election applies. (6) F
UNDING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The districts shall be re-sponsible for 100 percent of the cost of the pro-gram. (B) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary of Commerce may accept and use contributions of funds from the districts to carry out activities under the program. (C) E
STIMATION OF COST .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1 of each year of the program, the Secretary of Com-merce shall submit to the districts an estimate of the cost to be incurred by the National Marine Fisheries Service for the program during the fol-lowing calendar year, if any, including the cost of any data collection and posting under para-graph (7). (ii) FAILURE TO FUND .—If an amount equal to the estimate of the Secretary of Commerce is not provided through contributions pursuant to sub-paragraph (B) before December 31 of that cal-endar year— (I) the Secretary shall have no obligation to conduct the program activities otherwise sched-uled for the following calendar year until the amount is contributed by the districts; and (II) the districts may not conduct any aspect of the program until the amount is contributed by the districts. (D) A
CCOUNTING .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 1 of each year, the Secretary of Commerce shall pro-vide to the districts an accounting of the costs incurred by the Secretary for the program dur-ing the preceding calendar year. (ii) E
XCESS AMOUNTS .—If the amount contrib-uted by the districts pursuant to subparagraph (B) for a calendar year was greater than the costs incurred by the Secretary of Commerce during that year, the Secretary shall— (I) apply the excess amounts to the cost of ac-tivities to be performed by the Secretary under the program, if any, during the following cal-endar year; or (II) if no such activities are to be performed, repay the excess amounts to the districts. (7) P
UBLICATION AND EVALUATION OF DATA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—All data generated through the program, including by any private consult-ants, shall be routinely provided to the Assist-ant Administrator. (B) I
NTERNET .—Not later than the 15th day of each month of the program, the Assistant Ad-ministrator shall publish on the Internet website of the National Marine Fisheries Service a tab-ular summary of the raw data collected under the program during the preceding month. (C) R
EPORT .—On completion of the program, the Assistant Administrator shall prepare a final report evaluating the effectiveness of the program, including recommendations for future research and removal work. (8) C
ONSISTENCY WITH LAW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The programs in this section and subsection (e) are found to be consistent with the requirements of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706). (B) L
IMITATION .—No provision, plan, or defi-nition under that Act, including section 3406(b)(1) of that Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4714), shall be used— (i) to prohibit the implementation of the pro-grams in this subsection and subsection (e); or (ii) to prevent the accomplishment of the goals of the programs. (e) P
ILOT PROJECTS TO IMPLEMENT CALFED I
NVASIVE SPECIES PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2018, the Secretary of the Interior, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of Commerce, the Direc-tor of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, and other relevant agencies and inter-ested parties, shall establish and carry out pilot projects to implement the invasive species con-trol program under section 103(d)(6)(A)(iv) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1690). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot projects under this section shall— (A) seek to reduce invasive aquatic vegetation (such as water hyacinth), predators, and other competitors that contribute to the decline of na-tive listed pelagic and anadromous species that occupy the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers and their tributaries and the Delta; and (B) remove, reduce, or control the effects of species including Asiatic clams, silversides, gobies, Brazilian water weed, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, striped bass, crappie, bluegill, white and channel catfish, zebra and quagga mussels, and brown bullheads. (3) EMERGENCY ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .—To expedite environmentally beneficial programs in this subtitle for the conservation of threatened and endangered species, the Secretaries of the Interior and Commerce shall consult with the Council on Environmental Quality in accord-ance with section 1506.11 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), to develop alternative arrangements to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for those programs. (f) C
OLLABORATIVE PROCESSES .—Notwith- standing the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) and applicable Federal acquisi-tions and contracting authorities, the Secre-taries of the Interior and Commerce may use the collaborative processes under the Collaborative Science Adaptive Management Program to enter into contracts with specific individuals or orga-nizations directly or in conjunction with appro-priate State agencies. (g) T
HE‘‘SAVEOURSALMON ACT’’.— (1) T
REATMENT OF STRIPED BASS .— (A) A
NADROMOUS FISH .—Section 3403(a) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575) is amended by striking ‘‘striped bass,’’ after ‘‘stocks of salmon (including steelhead),’’. (B) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE RESTORATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 3406(b) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575) is amended by— (i) striking paragraphs (14) and (18); (ii) redesignating paragraphs (15) through (17) as paragraphs (14) through (16), respectively; and (iii) redesignating paragraphs (19) through (23) as paragraphs (17) through (21), respec-tively. (2) C
ONFORMING CHANGES .—Section 3407(a) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575) is amended by striking ‘‘(10)–(18), and (20)–(22)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(10)–(16), and (18)–(20)’’. 
SEC. 4011. OFFSETS AND WATER STORAGE AC-COUNT. 
(a) P REPAYMENT OF CERTAIN REPAYMENT CON-
TRACTS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND CON-
TRACTORS OF FEDERALLY DEVELOPED WATER S
UPPLIES .— (1) C
ONVERSION AND PREPAYMENT OF CON -
TRACTS .—Upon request of the contractor, the Secretary of the Interior shall convert any water service contract in effect on the date of enact-ment of this subtitle and between the United States and a water users’ association to allow for prepayment of the repayment contract pur-suant to paragraph (2) under mutually agree-able terms and conditions. The manner of con-version under this paragraph shall be as fol-lows: (A) Water service contracts that were entered into under section (e) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1196), to be converted under this section shall be converted to repayment con-tracts under section 9(d) of that Act (53 Stat. 1195). (B) Water service contracts that were entered under subsection (c)(2) of section 9 of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1194), to be converted under this section shall be converted to a con-tract under subsection (c)(1) of section 9 of that Act (53 Stat. 1195). (2) P
REPAYMENT .—Except for those repayment contracts under which the contractor has pre-viously negotiated for prepayment, all repay-ment contracts under section 9(d) of that Act (53 Stat. 1195) in effect on the date of enactment of this subtitle at the request of the contractor, and all contracts converted pursuant to para-graph (1)(A) shall— (A) provide for the repayment, either in lump sum or by accelerated prepayment, of the re-maining construction costs identified in water project specific irrigation rate repayment sched-ules, as adjusted to reflect payment not reflected in such schedules, and properly assignable for ultimate return by the contractor, or if made in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7478 December 8, 2016 
approximately equal installments, no later than 3 years after the effective date of the repayment contract, such amount to be discounted by 
1⁄2 the Treasury rate. An estimate of the remaining construction costs, as adjusted, shall be pro-vided by the Secretary to the contractor no later than 90 days following receipt of request of the contractor; (B) require that construction costs or other capitalized costs incurred after the effective date of the contract or not reflected in the rate schedule referenced in subparagraph (A), and properly assignable to such contractor shall be repaid in not more than 5 years after notifica-tion of the allocation if such amount is a result of a collective annual allocation of capital costs to the contractors exercising contract conversion under this subsection of less than $5,000,000. If such amount is $5,000,000 or greater, such cost shall be repaid as provided by applicable rec-lamation law; (C) provide that power revenues will not be available to aid in repayment of construction costs allocated to irrigation under the contract; and (D) continue so long as the contractor pays applicable charges, consistent with section 9(d) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1195), and applicable law. (3) C
ONTRACT REQUIREMENTS .—Except for those repayment contracts under which the con-tractor has previously negotiated for prepay-ment, the following shall apply with regard to all repayment contracts under subsection (c)(1) of section 9 of that Act (53 Stat. 1195) in effect on the date of enactment of this subtitle at the request of the contractor, and all contracts con-verted pursuant to paragraph (1)(B): (A) Provide for the repayment in lump sum of the remaining construction costs identified in water project specific municipal and industrial rate repayment schedules, as adjusted to reflect payments not reflected in such schedules, and properly assignable for ultimate return by the contractor. An estimate of the remaining con-struction costs, as adjusted, shall be provided by the Secretary to the contractor no later than 90 days after receipt of the request of contractor. (B) The contract shall require that construc-tion costs or other capitalized costs incurred after the effective date of the contract or not re-flected in the rate schedule referenced in sub-paragraph (A), and properly assignable to such contractor, shall be repaid in not more than 5 years after notification of the allocation if such amount is a result of a collective annual alloca-tion of capital costs to the contractors exercising contract conversion under this subsection of less than $5,000,000. If such amount is $5,000,000 or greater, such cost shall be repaid as provided by applicable reclamation law. (C) Continue so long as the contractor pays applicable charges, consistent with section 9(c)(1) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1195), and applicable law. (4) C
ONDITIONS .—All contracts entered into pursuant to paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) shall— (A) not be adjusted on the basis of the type of prepayment financing used by the water users’ association; (B) conform to any other agreements, such as applicable settlement agreements and new con-structed appurtenant facilities; and (C) not modify other water service, repayment, exchange and transfer contractual rights be-tween the water users’ association, and the Bu-reau of Reclamation, or any rights, obligations, or relationships of the water users’ association and their landowners as provided under State law. (b) A
CCOUNTING .—The amounts paid pursuant to subsection (a) shall be subject to adjustment following a final cost allocation by the Sec-retary of the Interior. In the event that the final cost allocation indicates that the costs properly assignable to the contractor are greater than what has been paid by the contractor, the con-tractor shall be obligated to pay the remaining allocated costs. The term of such additional re-payment contract shall be not less than one year and not more than 10 years, however, mu-tually agreeable provisions regarding the rate of repayment of such amount may be developed by the parties. In the event that the final cost allo-cation indicates that the costs properly assign-able to the contractor are less than what the contractor has paid, the Secretary shall credit such overpayment as an offset against any out-standing or future obligation of the contractor, with the exception of Restoration Fund charges pursuant to section 3407(d) of Public Law 102– 575. (c) APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— (1) E
FFECT OF EXISTING LAW .—Upon a con-tractor’s compliance with and discharge of the obligation of repayment of the construction costs pursuant to a contract entered into pursu-ant to subsection (a)(2)(A), subsections (a) and (b) of section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 1269) shall apply to affected lands. (2) E
FFECT OF OTHER OBLIGATIONS .—The obli- gation of a contractor to repay construction costs or other capitalized costs described in sub-section (a)(2)(B), (a)(3)(B), or (b) shall not af-fect a contractor’s status as having repaid all of the construction costs assignable to the con-tractor or the applicability of subsections (a) and (b) of section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 1269) once the amount re-quired to be paid by the contractor under the re-payment contract entered into pursuant to sub-section (a)(2)(A) has been paid. (d) E
FFECT ON EXISTING LAWNOTALTERED .— Implementation of the provisions of this subtitle shall not alter— (1) the repayment obligation of any water service or repayment contractor receiving water from the same water project, or shift any costs that would otherwise have been properly assign-able to the water users’ association identified in subsections (a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(3) absent this section, including operation and maintenance costs, construction costs, or other capitalized costs incurred after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, or to other contractors; and (2) specific requirements for the disposition of amounts received as repayments by the Sec-retary under the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.); (3) the priority of a water service or repay-ment contractor to receive water; or (4) except as expressly provided in this sec-tion, any obligations under the reclamation law, including the continuation of Restoration Fund charges pursuant to section 3407(d) (Public Law 102–575), of the water service and repayment contractors making prepayments pursuant to this section. (e) W
ATER STORAGE ENHANCEMENT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (d)(2), $335,000,000 out of receipts gen-erated from prepayment of contracts under this section beyond amounts necessary to cover the amount of receipts forgone from scheduled pay-ments under current law for the 10-year period following the date of enactment of this Act shall be directed to the Reclamation Water Storage Account under paragraph (2). (2) S
TORAGE ACCOUNT .—The Secretary shall allocate amounts collected under paragraph (1) into the ‘‘Reclamation Storage Account’’ to fund the construction of water storage. The Sec-retary may also enter into cooperative agree-ments with water users’ associations for the construction of water storage and amounts within the Storage Account may be used to fund such construction. Water storage projects that are otherwise not federally authorized shall not be considered Federal facilities as a result of any amounts allocated from the Storage Ac-count for part or all of such facilities. (3) R
EPAYMENT .—Amounts used for water storage construction from the Account shall be fully reimbursed to the Account consistent with the requirements under Federal reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.)) except that all funds reimbursed shall be deposited in the Account established under paragraph (2). (4) AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts de-posited in the Account under this subsection shall— (A) be made available in accordance with this section, subject to appropriation; and (B) be in addition to amounts appropriated for such purposes under any other provision of law. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this subtitle, the following definitions apply: (1) A
CCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Account’’ means the Reclamation Water Storage Account established under subsection (e)(2). (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The term ‘‘construction’’ means the designing, materials engineering and testing, surveying, and building of water storage including additions to existing water storage and construction of new water storage facilities, exclusive of any Federal statutory or regulatory obligations relating to any permit, review, ap-proval, or other such requirement. (3) W
ATER STORAGE .—The term ‘‘water stor-age’’ means any federally owned facility under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Reclamation or any non-Federal facility used for the storage and supply of water resources. (4) T
REASURY RATE .—The term ‘‘Treasury rate’’ means the 20- year Constant Maturity Treasury (CMT) rate published by the United States Department of the Treasury existing on the effective date of the contract. (5) W
ATER USERS ’ ASSOCIATION .—The term ‘‘water users’ association’’ means— (A) an entity organized and recognized under State laws that is eligible to enter into contracts with Reclamation to receive contract water for delivery to end users of the water and to pay applicable charges; and (B) includes a variety of entities with dif-ferent names and differing functions, such as associations, conservancy districts, irrigation districts, municipalities, and water project con-tract units. 
SEC. 4012. SAVINGS LANGUAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This subtitle shall not be in-terpreted or implemented in a manner that— (1) preempts or modifies any obligation of the United States to act in conformance with appli-cable State law, including applicable State water law; (2) affects or modifies any obligation under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706), except for the savings provisions for the Stanislaus River predator management program expressly estab-lished by section 11(d) and provisions in section 11(g); (3) overrides, modifies, or amends the applica-bility of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or the application of the smelt and salmonid biological opinions to the operation of the Central Valley Project or the State Water Project; (4) would cause additional adverse effects on listed fish species beyond the range of effects anticipated to occur to the listed fish species for the duration of the applicable biological opin-ion, using the best scientific and commercial data available; or (5) overrides, modifies, or amends any obliga-tion of the Pacific Fisheries Management Coun-cil, required by the Magnuson Stevens Act or the Endangered Species Act of 1973, to manage fisheries off the coast of California, Oregon, or Washington. (b) S
UCCESSOR BIOLOGICAL OPINIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the Inte-rior and Commerce shall apply this Act to any successor biological opinions to the smelt or salmonid biological opinions only to the extent that the Secretaries determine is consistent with— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7479 December 8, 2016 
(A) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), its implementing regula-tions, and the successor biological opinions; and (B) subsection (a)(4). (2) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this Act shall re-strict the Secretaries of the Interior and Com-merce from completing consultation on successor biological opinions and through those successor biological opinions implementing whatever ad-justments in operations or other activities as may be required by the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and its implementing regulations. (c) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this subtitle, or any application of such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be incon-sistent with any law or the biological opinions, the remainder of this subtitle and the applica-tion of this subtitle to any other person or cir-cumstance shall not be affected. 
SEC. 4013. DURATION. 
This subtitle shall expire on the date that is 5 years after the date of its enactment, with the exception of— (1) section 4004, which shall expire 10 years after the date of its enactment; and (2) projects under construction in sections 4007, 4009(a), and 4009(c). 
SEC. 4014. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
SSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘As-sistant Administrator’’ means the Assistant Ad-ministrator for Fisheries of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration. (2) C
ENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Central Valley Project’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3403 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4707). (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ means the Commissioner of Reclamation. (4) D
ELTA.—The term ‘‘Delta’’ means the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin Delta and the Suisun Marsh (as defined in section 12220 of the Cali-fornia Water Code and section 29101 of the Cali-fornia Public Resources Code (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act)). (5) D
ELTA SMELT .—The term ‘‘Delta smelt’’ means the fish species with the scientific name Hypomesus transpacificus. (6) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service. (7) L
ISTED FISH SPECIES .—The term ‘‘listed fish species’’ means— (A) any natural origin steelhead, natural ori-gin genetic spring run Chinook, or genetic win-ter run Chinook salmon (including any hatch-ery steelhead or salmon population within the evolutionary significant unit or a distinct popu-lation segment); and (B) Delta smelt. (8) R
ECLAMATION STATE .—The term ‘‘Reclama-tion State’’ means any of the States of— (A) Arizona; (B) California; (C) Colorado; (D) Idaho; (E) Kansas; (F) Montana; (G) Nebraska; (H) Nevada; (I) New Mexico; (J) North Dakota; (K) Oklahoma; (L) Oregon; (M) South Dakota; (N) Texas; (O) Utah; (P) Washington; and (Q) Wyoming. (9) S
ALMONID BIOLOGICAL OPINION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘salmonid biologi-cal opinion’’ means the biological and con-ference opinion of the National Marine Fish-eries Service dated June 4, 2009, regarding the long-term operation of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, and suc-cessor biological opinions. (B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘salmonid biologi-cal opinion’’ includes the operative incidental take statement of the opinion described in sub-paragraph (A). (10) S
MELT BIOLOGICAL OPINION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘smelt biological opinion’’ means the biological opinion dated De-cember 15, 2008, regarding the coordinated oper-ation of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, and successor biological opinions. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘smelt biological opinion’’ includes the operative incidental take statement of the opinion described in subpara-graph (A). (11) S
TATE WATER PROJECT .—The term ‘‘State Water Project’’ means the water project de-scribed in chapter 5 of part 3 of division 6 of the California Water Code (sections 11550 et seq.) (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) and operated by the California Department of Water Resources. TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 5001. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘§ 311. Congressional notification require-ments ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (b) or as expressly provided in another provision of law, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall provide to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress notice of an announcement concerning a covered project at least 3 full busi-ness days before the announcement is made by the Department. ‘‘(b) E
MERGENCY PROGRAM .—With respect to an allocation of funds under section 125 of title 23, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate notice of the allocation— ‘‘(1) at least 3 full business days before the issuance of the allocation; or ‘‘(2) concurrently with the issuance of the al-location, if the allocation is made using the quick release process of the Department (or any successor process). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROJECT .—The term ‘covered project’ means a project competitively selected by the Department to receive a discretionary grant award, letter of intent, loan commitment, loan guarantee commitment, or line of credit commitment in an amount equal to or greater than $750,000. ‘‘(3) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ means the Department of Transportation, in-cluding the modal administrations of the De-partment.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 310 the following: ‘‘311. Congressional notification requirements.’’. 
SEC. 5002. REAUTHORIZATION OF DENALI COM-MISSION. 
(a) A DMINISTRATION .—Section 303 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘The Fed-eral Cochairperson’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) TERM OF FEDERAL COCHAIRPERSON .—The Federal Cochairperson’’; (B) in the second sentence by striking ‘‘All other members’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) T
ERM OF ALL OTHER MEMBERS .—All other members’’; (C) in the third sentence by striking ‘‘Any va-cancy’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) V
ACANCIES .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), any vacancy’’; and (D) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as des-ignated by subparagraph (B)) the following: ‘‘(2) I
NTERIM FEDERAL COCHAIRPERSON .—In the event of a vacancy for any reason in the po-sition of Federal Cochairperson, the Secretary may appoint an Interim Federal Cochairperson, who shall have all the authority of the Federal Cochairperson, to serve until such time as the vacancy in the position of Federal Cochair-person is filled in accordance with subsection (b)(2)).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) N
OFEDERAL EMPLOYEE STATUS .—No member of the Commission, other than the Fed-eral Cochairperson, shall be considered to be a Federal employee for any purpose. ‘‘(g) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (3), no member of the Commission (referred to in this subsection as a ‘member’) shall participate personally or substantially, through recommendation, the rendering of ad-vice, investigation, or otherwise, in any pro-ceeding, application, request for a ruling or other determination, contract claim, con-troversy, or other matter in which, to the knowl-edge of the member, 1 or more of the following has a direct financial interest: ‘‘(A) The member. ‘‘(B) The spouse, minor child, or partner of the member. ‘‘(C) An organization described in subpara-graph (B), (C), (D), (E), or (F) of subsection (b)(1) for which the member is serving as an offi-cer, director, trustee, partner, or employee. ‘‘(D) Any individual, person, or organization with which the member is negotiating or has any arrangement concerning prospective em-ployment. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the member— ‘‘(A) immediately advises the designated agen-cy ethics official for the Commission of the na-ture and circumstances of the matter presenting a potential conflict of interest; ‘‘(B) makes full disclosure of the financial in-terest; and ‘‘(C) before the proceeding concerning the matter presenting the conflict of interest, re-ceives a written determination by the designated agency ethics official for the Commission that the interest is not so substantial as to be likely to affect the integrity of the services that the Commission may expect from the member. The written determination shall specify the rationale and any evidence or support for the decision, identify steps, if any, that should be taken to mitigate any conflict of interest, and be avail-able to the public. ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL DISCLOSURES .—Once each cal-endar year, each member shall make full disclo-sure of financial interests, in a manner to be de-termined by the designated agency ethics offi-cial for the Commission. ‘‘(4) T
RAINING .—Once each calendar year, each member shall undergo disclosure of finan-cial interests training, as prescribed by the des-ignated agency ethics official for the Commis-sion. ‘‘(5) C
LARIFICATION .—A member of the Com-mission may continue to participate personally or substantially, through decision, approval, or disapproval on the focus of applications to be considered but not on individual applications where a conflict of interest exists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7480 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(6) V IOLATION .—Any person that violates this subsection shall be fined not more than $10,000, imprisoned for not more than 2 years, or both.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 310 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) (as redesignated by section 1960(1) of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1516)) is amended, in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under section 4 under this Act’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 304, $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 310 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) (as redesignated by section 1960(1) of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1516)) is redesignated as section 312. 
SEC. 5003. RECREATIONAL ACCESS FOR FLOAT-ING CABINS AT TVA RESERVOIRS. 
The Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 is amended by inserting after section 9a (16 U.S.C. 831h-1) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9b. RECREATIONAL ACCESS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF FLOATING CABIN.—In this section, the term ‘floating cabin’ means a watercraft or other floating structure— ‘‘(1) primarily designed and used for human habitation or occupation; and ‘‘(2) not primarily designed or used for navi-gation or transportation on water. ‘‘(b) R
ECREATIONAL ACCESS .—The Board may allow the use of a floating cabin if— ‘‘(1) the floating cabin is maintained by the owner to reasonable health, safety, and envi-ronmental standards, as required by the Board; ‘‘(2) the Corporation has authorized the use of recreational vessels on the waters; and ‘‘(3) the floating cabin was located on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corporation as of the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(c) F
EES.—The Board may levy fees on the owner of a floating cabin on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corporation for the purpose of ensuring compliance with subsection (b) if the fees are necessary and reasonable for such pur-pose. ‘‘(d) C
ONTINUED RECREATIONAL USE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a floating cabin located on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corporation on the date of enactment of this section, the Board— ‘‘(A) may not require the removal of the float-ing cabin— ‘‘(i) in the case of a floating cabin that was granted a permit by the Corporation before the date of enactment of this section, for a period of 15 years beginning on such date of enactment; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a floating cabin not grant-ed a permit by the Corporation before the date of enactment of this section, for a period of 5 years beginning on such date of enactment; and ‘‘(B) shall approve and allow the use of the floating cabin on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corporation at such time and for such duration as— ‘‘(i) the floating cabin meets the requirements of subsection (b); and ‘‘(ii) the owner of the floating cabin has paid any fee assessed pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(2) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(A) Nothing in this subsection restricts the ability of the Corporation to enforce reasonable health, safety, or environmental standards. ‘‘(B) This section applies only to floating cab-ins located on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corporation. ‘‘(e) N
EWCONSTRUCTION .—The Corporation may establish regulations to prevent the con-struction of new floating cabins.’’. 
SEC. 5004. GOLD KING MINE SPILL RECOVERY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. (2) CLAIMANT .—The term ‘‘claimant’’ means a State, Indian tribe, or local government that submits a claim under subsection (c). (3) G
OLD KING MINE RELEASE .—The term ‘‘Gold King Mine release’’ means the discharge on August 5, 2015, of approximately 3,000,000 gallons of contaminated water from the Gold King Mine north of Silverton, Colorado, into Ce-ment Creek that occurred while contractors of the Environmental Protection Agency were con-ducting an investigation of the Gold King Mine to assess mine conditions. (4) N
ATIONAL CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term ‘‘National Contingency Plan’’ means the Na-tional Contingency Plan prepared and pub-lished under part 300 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). (5) R
ESPONSE .—The term ‘‘response’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Administrator should receive and process, as expeditiously as possible, claims under chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’) for any injury arising out of the Gold King Mine release. (c) G
OLDKINGMINERELEASE CLAIMS PURSU-
ANT TO COMPREHENSIVE ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
SPONSE , COMPENSATION , ANDLIABILITY ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, consistent with the National Contingency Plan, receive and process under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), and pay from appropriations made available to the Administrator to carry out such Act, any claim made by a State, Indian tribe, or local govern-ment for eligible response costs relating to the Gold King Mine release. (2) E
LIGIBLE RESPONSE COSTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Response costs incurred be-tween August 5, 2015, and September 9, 2016, are eligible for payment by the Administrator under this subsection, without prior approval by the Administrator, if the response costs are con-sistent with the National Contingency Plan. (B) P
RIOR APPROVAL REQUIRED .—Response costs incurred after September 9, 2016, are eligi-ble for payment by the Administrator under this subsection if— (i) the Administrator approves the response costs under section 111(a)(2) of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9611(a)(2)); and (ii) the response costs are consistent with the National Contingency Plan. (3) T
IMING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall make a decision on, and pay, any eligible response costs submitted to the Adminis-trator before such date of enactment. (B) S
UBSEQUENTLY FILED CLAIMS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a claim is submitted to the Administrator, the Adminis-trator shall make a decision on, and pay, any eligible response costs. (C) D
EADLINE .—All claims under this sub-section shall be submitted to the Administrator not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (D) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Administrator makes a decision under subparagraph (A) or (B), the Administrator shall notify the claimant of the decision. (d) W
ATER QUALITY PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In response to the Gold King Mine release, the Administrator, in conjunction with affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments, shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, develop and implement a pro-gram for long-term water quality monitoring of rivers contaminated by the Gold King Mine re-lease. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the pro-gram described in paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator, in conjunction with affected States, In-dian tribes, and local governments, shall— (A) collect water quality samples and sediment data; (B) provide the public with a means of view-ing the water quality sample results and sedi-ment data referred to in subparagraph (A) by, at a minimum, posting the information on the website of the Administrator; (C) take any other reasonable measure nec-essary to assist affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments with long-term water monitoring; and (D) carry out additional program activities re-lated to long-term water quality monitoring that the Administrator determines to be necessary. (3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator $4,000,000.00 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this sub-section, including the reimbursement of affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments for the costs of long-term water quality monitoring of any river contaminated by the Gold King Mine release. (e) E
XISTING STATE AND TRIBAL LAW.—Noth- ing in this section affects the jurisdiction or au-thority of any department, agency, or officer of any State government or any Indian tribe. (f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section affects any right of any State, Indian tribe, or other person to bring a claim against the United States for response costs or natural resources damages pursuant to section 107 of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9607). 
SEC. 5005. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIA-TIVE. 
Section 118(c)(7) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)(7)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) F
OCUS AREAS .—In carrying out the Ini-tiative, the Administrator shall prioritize pro-grams and projects, to be carried out in coordi-nation with non-Federal partners, that address the priority areas described in the Initiative Ac-tion Plan, including— ‘‘(i) the remediation of toxic substances and areas of concern; ‘‘(ii) the prevention and control of invasive species and the impacts of invasive species; ‘‘(iii) the protection and restoration of near-shore health and the prevention and mitigation of nonpoint source pollution; ‘‘(iv) habitat and wildlife protection and res-toration, including wetlands restoration and preservation; and ‘‘(v) accountability, monitoring, evaluation, communication, and partnership activities. ‘‘(C) P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Initia-tive, the Administrator shall collaborate with other Federal partners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force established by Executive Order No. 13340 (69 Fed. Reg. 29043), to select the best combination of programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and restora-tion using appropriate principles and criteria, including whether a program or project pro-vides— ‘‘(I) the ability to achieve strategic and meas-urable environmental outcomes that implement the Initiative Action Plan and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; ‘‘(II) the feasibility of— ‘‘(aa) prompt implementation; ‘‘(bb) timely achievement of results; and ‘‘(cc) resource leveraging; and ‘‘(III) the opportunity to improve interagency, intergovernmental, and interorganizational co-ordination and collaboration to reduce duplica-tion and streamline efforts. ‘‘(ii) O
UTREACH .—In selecting the best com-bination of programs and projects for Great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7481 December 8, 2016 
Lakes protection and restoration under clause (i), the Administrator shall consult with the Great Lakes States and Indian tribes and solicit input from other non-Federal stakeholders. ‘‘(iii) H
ARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM COORDINATOR .— The Administrator shall designate a point per-son from an appropriate Federal partner to co-ordinate, with Federal partners and Great Lakes States, Indian tribes, and other non-Fed-eral stakeholders, projects and activities under the Initiative involving harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes.’’; (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking clause (i) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (J)(ii), funds made available to carry out the Initiative shall be used to strategically imple-ment— ‘‘(I) Federal projects; ‘‘(II) projects carried out in coordination with States, Indian tribes, municipalities, institutions of higher education, and other organizations; and ‘‘(III) operations and activities of the Program Office, including remediation of sediment con-tamination in areas of concern.’’; (B) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘(G)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘(J)(i)’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, or the head of any other Federal department or agency receiving funds under clause (ii)(I), may make a grant to, or otherwise enter into an agreement with, a qualified non-Federal entity, as deter-mined by the Administrator or the applicable head of the other Federal department or agency receiving funds, for planning, research, moni-toring, outreach, or implementation of a project selected under subparagraph (C), to support the Initiative Action Plan or the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. ‘‘(II) Q
UALIFIED NON -FEDERAL ENTITY .—For purposes of this clause, a qualified non-Federal entity may include a governmental entity, non-profit organization, institution, or individual.’’; and (3) by striking subparagraphs (E) through (G) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) S
COPE.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Projects may be carried out under the Initiative on multiple levels, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) locally; ‘‘(II) Great Lakes-wide; or ‘‘(III) Great Lakes basin-wide. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—No funds made available to carry out the Initiative may be used for any water infrastructure activity (other than a green infrastructure project that improves habi-tat and other ecosystem functions in the Great Lakes) for which financial assistance is re-ceived— ‘‘(I) from a State water pollution control re-volving fund established under title VI; ‘‘(II) from a State drinking water revolving loan fund established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12); or ‘‘(III) pursuant to the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.). ‘‘(F) A
CTIVITIES BY OTHER FEDERAL AGEN -
CIES.—Each relevant Federal department or agency shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(i) maintain the base level of funding for the Great Lakes activities of that department or agency without regard to funding under the Ini-tiative; and ‘‘(ii) identify new activities and projects to support the environmental goals of the Initia-tive. ‘‘(G) R
EVISION OF INITIATIVE ACTION PLAN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not less often than once every 5 years, the Administrator, in conjunction with the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, shall review, and revise as appropriate, the Ini-tiative Action Plan to guide the activities of the Initiative in addressing the restoration and pro-tection of the Great Lakes system. ‘‘(ii) OUTREACH .—In reviewing and revising the Initiative Action Plan under clause (i), the Administrator shall consult with the Great Lakes States and Indian tribes and solicit input from other non-Federal stakeholders. ‘‘(H) M
ONITORING AND REPORTING .—The Ad- ministrator shall— ‘‘(i) establish and maintain a process for mon-itoring and periodically reporting to the public on the progress made in implementing the Ini-tiative Action Plan; ‘‘(ii) make information about each project car-ried out under the Initiative Action Plan avail-able on a public website; and ‘‘(iii) provide to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a yearly de-tailed description of the progress of the Initia-tive and amounts transferred to participating Federal departments and agencies under sub-paragraph (D)(ii). ‘‘(I) I
NITIATIVE ACTION PLAN DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Initiative Action Plan’ means the comprehensive, multiyear action plan for the restoration of the Great Lakes, first de-veloped pursuant to the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Conference Report accom-panying the Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–88). ‘‘(J) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this paragraph $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this paragraph creates, expands, or amends the authority of the Administrator to implement programs or projects under— ‘‘(I) this section; ‘‘(II) the Initiative Action Plan; or ‘‘(III) the Great Lakes Water Quality Agree-ment.’’. 
SEC. 5006. REHABILITATION OF HIGH HAZARD PO-TENTIAL DAMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), and (13) as para-graphs (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (11), (13), (14), (15), and (16), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE HIGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible high hazard potential dam’ means a non-Federal dam that— ‘‘(i) is located in a State with a State dam safety program; ‘‘(ii) is classified as ‘high hazard potential’ by the State dam safety agency in the State in which the dam is located; ‘‘(iii) has an emergency action plan approved by the relevant State dam safety agency; and ‘‘(iv) the State in which the dam is located de-termines— ‘‘(I) fails to meet minimum dam safety stand-ards of the State; and ‘‘(II) poses an unacceptable risk to the public. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘eligible high haz-ard potential dam’ does not include— ‘‘(i) a licensed hydroelectric dam; or ‘‘(ii) a dam built under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture.’’; (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) (as redes-ignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: ‘‘(10) N
ON-FEDERAL SPONSOR .—The term ‘non- Federal sponsor’, in the case of a project receiv-ing assistance under section 8A, includes— ‘‘(A) a governmental organization; and ‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization.’’; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (11) (as redes-ignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: ‘‘(12) REHABILITATION .—The term ‘rehabilita-tion’ means the repair, replacement, reconstruc-tion, or removal of a dam that is carried out to meet applicable State dam safety and security standards.’’. (b) P
ROGRAM FOR REHABILITATION OF HIGH H
AZARD POTENTIAL DAMS.—The National Dam Safety Program Act is amended by inserting after section 8 (33 U.S.C. 467f) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8A. REHABILITATION OF HIGH HAZARD PO-TENTIAL DAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Ad- ministrator shall establish, within FEMA, a pro-gram to provide technical, planning, design, and construction assistance in the form of grants to non-Federal sponsors for rehabilita-tion of eligible high hazard potential dams. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—A grant awarded under this section for a project may be used for— ‘‘(1) repair; ‘‘(2) removal; or ‘‘(3) any other structural or nonstructural measures to rehabilitate an eligible high hazard potential dam. ‘‘(c) A
WARD OF GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A non-Federal sponsor in-terested in receiving a grant under this section may submit to the Administrator an application for the grant. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An application sub-mitted to the Administrator under this section shall be submitted at such time, be in such form, and contain such information as the Adminis-trator may prescribe by regulation. ‘‘(2) G
RANT.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may make a grant in accordance with this section for rehabilitation of an eligible high hazard poten-tial dam to a non-Federal sponsor that submits an application for the grant in accordance with the regulations prescribed by the Administrator. ‘‘(B) P
ROJECT GRANT AGREEMENT .—The Ad- ministrator shall enter into a project grant agreement with the non-Federal sponsor to es-tablish the terms of the grant and the project, including the amount of the grant. ‘‘(C) G
RANT ASSURANCE .—As part of a project grant agreement under subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall require the non-Federal sponsor to provide an assurance, with respect to the dam to be rehabilitated under the project, that the owner of the dam has developed and will carry out a plan for maintenance of the dam during the expected life of the dam. ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—A grant provided under this section shall not exceed the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 12.5 percent of the total amount of funds made available to carry out this section; or ‘‘(ii) $7,500,000. ‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL .—A grant awarded under this section for a project shall be approved by the relevant State dam safety agency. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL SPONSOR REQUIREMENTS .— To receive a grant under this section, the non- Federal sponsor shall— ‘‘(A) participate in, and comply with, all ap-plicable Federal flood insurance programs; ‘‘(B) have in place a hazard mitigation plan that— ‘‘(i) includes all dam risks; and ‘‘(ii) complies with the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–390; 114 Stat. 1552); ‘‘(C) commit to provide operation and mainte-nance of the project for the 50-year period fol-lowing completion of rehabilitation; ‘‘(D) comply with such minimum eligibility re-quirements as the Administrator may establish to ensure that each owner and operator of a dam under a participating State dam safety pro-gram and that receives assistance under this section— ‘‘(i) acts in accordance with the State dam safety program; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7482 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(ii) carries out activities relating to the pub-lic in the area around the dam in accordance with the hazard mitigation plan described in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(E) comply with section 611(j)(9) of the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5196(j)(9)) (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section) with respect to projects receiving assistance under this section in the same manner as recipients are required to comply in order to receive financial contributions from the Administrator for emer-gency preparedness purposes. ‘‘(e) F
LOODPLAIN MANAGEMENT PLANS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receipt of assistance under this section, the non-Federal sponsor shall demonstrate that a floodplain management plan to reduce the impacts of fu-ture flood events in the area protected by the project— ‘‘(A) is in place; or ‘‘(B) will be— ‘‘(i) developed not later than 1 year after the date of execution of a project agreement for as-sistance under this section; and ‘‘(ii) implemented not later than 1 year after the date of completion of construction of the project. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—A plan under paragraph (1) shall address— ‘‘(A) potential measures, practices, and poli-cies to reduce loss of life, injuries, damage to property and facilities, public expenditures, and other adverse impacts of flooding in the area protected by the project; ‘‘(B) plans for flood fighting and evacuation; and ‘‘(C) public education and awareness of flood risks. ‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL SUPPORT .—The Administrator may provide technical support for the develop-ment and implementation of floodplain manage-ment plans prepared under this subsection. ‘‘(f) P
RIORITY SYSTEM .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Board, shall develop a risk-based priority system for use in identifying eligible high hazard potential dams for which grants may be made under this section. ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any assistance provided under this section for a project shall be subject to a non-Federal cost-sharing requirement of not less than 35 percent. ‘‘(B) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Fed-eral share under subparagraph (A) may be pro-vided in the form of in-kind contributions. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—The total amount of funds made available to carry out this section for each fiscal year shall be distrib-uted as follows: ‘‘(A) E
QUAL DISTRIBUTION .—1⁄3shall be dis-tributed equally among the States in which the projects for which applications are submitted under subsection (c)(1) are located. ‘‘(B) N
EED-BASED .—2⁄3shall be distributed among the States in which the projects for which applications are submitted under sub-section (c)(1) are located based on the propor-tion that— ‘‘(i) the number of eligible high hazard poten-tial dams in the State; bears to ‘‘(ii) the number of eligible high hazard poten-tial dams in all such States. ‘‘(h) U
SE OF FUNDS.—None of the funds pro-vided in the form of a grant or otherwise made available under this section shall be used— ‘‘(1) to rehabilitate a Federal dam; ‘‘(2) to perform routine operation or mainte-nance of a dam; ‘‘(3) to modify a dam to produce hydroelectric power; ‘‘(4) to increase water supply storage capac-ity; or ‘‘(5) to make any other modification to a dam that does not also improve the safety of the dam. ‘‘(i) C
ONTRACTUAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), as a condition on the receipt of a grant under this section of an amount greater than $1,000,000, a non-Federal sponsor that receives the grant shall require that each contract and subcontract for program management, construction manage-ment, planning studies, feasibility studies, ar-chitectural services, preliminary engineering, design, engineering, surveying, mapping, and related services entered into using funds from the grant be awarded in the same manner as a contract for architectural and engineering serv-ices is awarded under— ‘‘(A) chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code; or ‘‘(B) an equivalent qualifications-based re-quirement prescribed by the relevant State. ‘‘(2) N
O PROPRIETARY INTEREST .—A contract awarded in accordance with paragraph (1) shall not be considered to confer a proprietary inter-est upon the United States. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 for fiscal years 2017 and 2018; ‘‘(2) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(4) $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2026.’’. (c) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) P
ROPOSED RULEMAKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking regarding applications for grants of assistance under the amendments made by sub-section (b) to the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467 et seq.). (2) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall promulgate a final rule regarding the amendments described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5007. CHESAPEAKE BAY GRASS SURVEY. 
Section 117(i) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1267(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL SURVEY .—The Administrator shall carry out an annual survey of sea grasses in the Chesapeake Bay.’’. 
SEC. 5008. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—Sec- tion 5023(b)(2) of the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3902(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘provide financial assistance to carry out’’. (b) P
ROJECTS ELIGIBLE FOR ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5026 of the Water In-frastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3905) is amended— (A) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘desalination project’’ and in-serting ‘‘desalination project, including chloride control’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or a water recycling project’’ and inserting ‘‘a water recycling project, or a project to provide alternative water supplies to reduce aquifer depletion’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (7), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (8), (9), and (10), respectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) A project to prevent, reduce, or mitigate the effects of drought, including projects that enhance the resilience of drought-stricken wa-tersheds.’’; and (D) in paragraph (10) (as redesignated by sub-paragraph (B)), by striking ‘‘or (7)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(7), or (8)’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 5023(b) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3902(b)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘and (8)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7), and (9)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘paragraph (7) or (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (8) or (10)’’. (B) Section 5024(b) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3903(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (8) or (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (9) or (10)’’. (C) Section 5027(3) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3906(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5026(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5026(8)’’. (D) Section 5028 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3907) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1)(E)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 5026(9)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5026(10)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘section 5026(8)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5026(9)’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(3) by striking ‘‘section 5026(8)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5026(9)’’. (c) TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Section 5029(b) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Inno-vation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
INANCING FEES .—On request of an eligi-ble entity, the Secretary or the Administrator, as applicable, shall allow the fees under subpara-graph (A) to be financed as part of the loan.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) C
REDIT .—Any eligible project costs in-curred and the value of any integral in-kind contributions made before receipt of assistance under this subtitle shall be credited toward the 51 percent of project costs to be provided by sources of funding other than a secured loan under this subtitle (as described in paragraph (2)(A)).’’. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) appropriations made available to carry out the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) should be in addition to robust funding for the State water pollution control revolving funds estab-lished under title VI of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) and State drinking water treatment revolving loan funds established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12); and (2) the appropriations made available for the funds referred to in paragraph (1) should not decrease for any fiscal year. 
SEC. 5009. REPORT ON GROUNDWATER CONTAMI-NATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and an-nually thereafter for the next 4 years, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit a report to Con-gress on the groundwater contamination from the site that includes— (1) a description of the status of the ground-water contaminants that are leaving the site and migrating to a location within a 10-mile ra-dius of the site, including— (A) detailed mapping of the movement of the plume over time; and (B) projected migration rates of the plume; (2) an analysis of the current and future im-pact of the movement of the plume on drinking water facilities; and (3) a comprehensive strategy to prevent the groundwater contaminants from the site from contaminating drinking water wells that, as of the date of the submission of the report, have not been affected by the migration of the plume. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) C
OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘comprehensive strategy’’ means a plan for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7483 December 8, 2016 
(A) the remediation of the plume under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); or (B) corrective action under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (2) G
ROUNDWATER .—The term ‘‘groundwater’’ means water in a saturated zone or stratum be-neath the surface of land or water. (3) P
LUME .—The term ‘‘plume’’ means any hazardous waste (as defined in section 1004 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6903)) or hazardous substance (as defined in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601)) found in the groundwater supply. (4) S
ITE.—The term ‘‘site’’ means the site lo-cated at 830 South Oyster Bay Road, Bethpage, New York, 11714 (Environmental Protection Agency identification number NYD002047967). 
SEC. 5010. COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORA-TION. 
Title I of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 123. COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORA-TION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) C
OLUMBIA RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘Co-lumbia River Basin’ means the entire United States portion of the Columbia River watershed. ‘‘(2) E
STUARY PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘Estu-ary Partnership’ means the Lower Columbia Es-tuary Partnership, an entity created by the States of Oregon and Washington and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency under section 320. ‘‘(3) E
STUARY PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Estuary Plan’ means the Estuary Partnership Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan adopted by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Governors of Oregon and Washington on Octo-ber 20, 1999, under section 320. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Estuary Plan’ in-cludes any amendments to the plan. ‘‘(4) L
OWER COLUMBIA RIVER ESTUARY .—The term ‘Lower Columbia River Estuary’ means the mainstem Columbia River from the Bonneville Dam to the Pacific Ocean and tidally influenced portions of tributaries to the Columbia River in that region. ‘‘(5) M
IDDLE AND UPPER COLUMBIA RIVER  
BASIN .—The term ‘Middle and Upper Columbia River Basin’ means the region consisting of the United States portion of the Columbia River Basin above Bonneville Dam. ‘‘(6) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the Columbia River Basin Restoration Program established under subsection (b)(1)(A). ‘‘(b) C
OLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORATION  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish within the Environmental Protection Agency a Columbia River Basin Restoration Program. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .— ‘‘(i) The establishment of the Program does not modify any legal or regulatory authority or program in effect as of the date of enactment of this section, including the roles of Federal agen-cies in the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(ii) This section does not create any new reg-ulatory authority. ‘‘(2) S
COPE OF PROGRAM .—The Program shall consist of a collaborative stakeholder-based pro-gram for environmental protection and restora-tion activities throughout the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) assess trends in water quality, including trends that affect uses of the water of the Co-lumbia River Basin; ‘‘(B) collect, characterize, and assess data on water quality to identify possible causes of envi-ronmental problems; and ‘‘(C) provide grants in accordance with sub-section (d) for projects that assist in— ‘‘(i) eliminating or reducing pollution; ‘‘(ii) cleaning up contaminated sites; ‘‘(iii) improving water quality; ‘‘(iv) monitoring to evaluate trends; ‘‘(v) reducing runoff; ‘‘(vi) protecting habitat; or ‘‘(vii) promoting citizen engagement or knowl-edge. ‘‘(c) STAKEHOLDER WORKING GROUP .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a Columbia River Basin Restora-tion Working Group (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘Working Group’). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Membership in the Work-ing Group shall be on a voluntary basis and any person invited by the Administrator under this subsection may decline membership. ‘‘(B) I
NVITED REPRESENTATIVES .—The Admin-istrator shall invite, at a minimum, representa-tives of— ‘‘(i) each State located in whole or in part in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ii) the Governors of each State located in whole or in part in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(iii) each federally recognized Indian tribe in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(iv) local governments in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(v) industries operating in the Columbia River Basin that affect or could affect water quality; ‘‘(vi) electric, water, and wastewater utilities operating in the Columba River Basin; ‘‘(vii) private landowners in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(viii) soil and water conservation districts in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ix) nongovernmental organizations that have a presence in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(x) the general public in the Columbia River Basin; and ‘‘(xi) the Estuary Partnership. ‘‘(3) G
EOGRAPHIC REPRESENTATION .—The Working Group shall include representatives from— ‘‘(A) each State located in whole or in part in the Columbia River Basin; and ‘‘(B) each of the lower, middle, and upper ba-sins of the Columbia River. ‘‘(4) D
UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Working Group shall— ‘‘(A) recommend and prioritize projects and actions; and ‘‘(B) review the progress and effectiveness of projects and actions implemented. ‘‘(5) L
OWER COLUMBIA RIVER ESTUARY .— ‘‘(A) E
STUARY PARTNERSHIP .—The Estuary Partnership shall perform the duties and fulfill the responsibilities of the Working Group de-scribed in paragraph (4) as those duties and re-sponsibilities relate to the Lower Columbia River Estuary for such time as the Estuary Partner-ship is the management conference for the Lower Columbia River National Estuary Pro-gram under section 320. ‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—If the Estuary Partner-ship ceases to be the management conference for the Lower Columbia River National Estuary Program under section 320, the Administrator may designate the new management conference to assume the duties and responsibilities of the Working Group described in paragraph (4) as those duties and responsibilities relate to the Lower Columbia River Estuary. ‘‘(C) I
NCORPORATION .—If the Estuary Part-nership is removed from the National Estuary Program, the duties and responsibilities for the lower 146 miles of the Columbia River pursuant to this section shall be incorporated into the du-ties of the Working Group. ‘‘(d) G
RANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-tablish a voluntary, competitive Columbia River Basin program to provide grants to State gov-ernments, tribal governments, regional water pollution control agencies and entities, local government entities, nongovernmental entities, or soil and water conservation districts to de-velop or implement projects authorized under this section for the purpose of environmental protection and restoration activities throughout the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(2) FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Federal share of the cost of any project or activity carried out using funds from a grant provided to any person (including a State, tribal, or local government or interstate or regional agency) under this subsection for a fiscal year— ‘‘(i) shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the project or activity; and ‘‘(ii) shall be made on condition that the non- Federal share of such total cost shall be pro-vided from non-Federal sources. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—With respect to cost-shar-ing for a grant provided under this subsection— ‘‘(i) a tribal government may use Federal funds for the non-Federal share; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator may increase the Fed-eral share under such circumstances as the Ad-ministrator determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION .—In making grants using funds appropriated to carry out this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) provide not less than 25 percent of the funds to make grants for projects, programs, and studies in the Lower Columbia River Estu-ary; ‘‘(B) provide not less than 25 percent of the funds to make grants for projects, programs, and studies in the Middle and Upper Columbia River Basin, including the Snake River Basin; and ‘‘(C) retain not more than 5 percent of the funds for the Environmental Protection Agency for purposes of implementing this section. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each grant recipient under this subsection shall submit to the Administrator reports on progress being made in achieving the purposes of this section. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall establish requirements and timelines for re-cipients of grants under this subsection to report on progress made in achieving the purposes of this section. ‘‘(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this subsection limits the eligibility of the Estuary Partnership to receive funding under section 320(g). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds made available under this subsection may be used for the administration of a management conference under section 320. ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN.—The President, as part of the annual budget submission of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall submit infor-mation regarding each Federal agency involved in protection and restoration of the Columbia River Basin, including an interagency crosscut budget that displays for each Federal agency— ‘‘(1) the amounts obligated for the preceding fiscal year for protection and restoration projects, programs, and studies relating to the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(2) the estimated budget for the current fiscal year for protection and restoration projects, pro-grams, and studies relating to the Columbia River Basin; and ‘‘(3) the proposed budget for protection and restoration projects, programs, and studies re-lating to the Columbia River Basin.’’. 
SEC. 5011. REGULATION OF ABOVEGROUND STOR-AGE AT FARMS. 
Section 1049(c) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 1361 note; Public Law 113–121) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘sub-section (b),’’ and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7484 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(c) R EGULATION OF ABOVEGROUND STORAGE  
ATFARMS .— ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION OF AGGREGATE ABOVE -
GROUND STORAGE CAPACITY .—For purposes of subsection (b),’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN FARM CONTAINERS .—Part 112 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), shall not apply to the fol-lowing containers located at a farm: ‘‘(A) Containers on a separate parcel that have— ‘‘(i) an individual capacity of not greater than 1,000 gallons; and ‘‘(ii) an aggregate capacity of not greater than 2,500 gallons. ‘‘(B) A container holding animal feed ingredi-ents approved for use in livestock feed by the Food and Drug Administration.’’. 
SEC. 5012. IRRIGATION DISTRICTS. 
Section 603(i)(1) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1383) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘to a municipality or intermunic-ipal, interstate, or State agency’’ and inserting ‘‘to an eligible recipient’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘in assistance to a municipality or intermunicipal, interstate, or State agency’’ before ‘‘to benefit’’. 
SEC. 5013. ESTUARY RESTORATION. 
(a) P ARTICIPATION OF NON-FEDERAL INTER-
ESTS.—Section 104(f) of the Estuary Restoration Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2903(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
ROJECT AGREEMENTS .—For a project car-ried out under this title, the requirements of sec-tion 103(j)(1) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2213(j)(1)) may be fulfilled by a nongovernmental organization serving as the non-Federal interest for the project pursuant to paragraph (2).’’. (b) E
XTENSION .—Section 109(a) of the Estuary Restoration Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2908(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
SEC. 5014. ENVIRONMENTAL BANKS. 
The Coastal Wetlands Planning, Protection and Restoration Act (Public Law 101–646; 16 U.S.C. 3951 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 309. ENVIRONMENTAL BANKS. 
‘‘(a) G UIDELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Task Force shall, after public notice and opportunity for com-ment, issue guidelines for the use, maintenance, and oversight of environmental banks in Lou-isiana. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The guidelines issued pursuant to subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) set forth procedures for establishment and approval of environmental banks subject to the approval of the heads of the appropriate Federal agencies responsible for implementation of Federal environmental laws for which mitiga-tion credits may be used; ‘‘(2) establish criteria for siting of environ-mental banks that enhance the resilience of coastal resources to inundation and coastal ero-sion in high priority areas, as identified within Federal or State restoration plans, including the restoration of resources within the scope of a project authorized for construction; ‘‘(3) establish criteria that ensure environ-mental banks secure adequate financial assur-ances and legally enforceable protection for the land or resources that generate the credits from environmental banks; ‘‘(4) stipulate that credits from environmental banks may not be used for mitigation of impacts required under section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) or the En-dangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) in an area where an existing mitigation bank ap-proved pursuant to such laws within 5 years of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 has credits available; ‘‘(5) establish performance criteria for envi-ronmental banks; and ‘‘(6) establish criteria and financial assurance for the operation and monitoring of environ-mental banks. ‘‘(c) ENVIRONMENTAL BANK.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF ENVIRONMENTAL BANK .—In this section, the term ‘environmental bank’ means a project, project increment, or projects for purposes of restoring, creating, or enhancing natural resources at a designated site to estab-lish mitigation credits. ‘‘(2) C
REDITS .—Mitigation credits created from environmental banks approved pursuant to this section may be used to satisfy existing liability under Federal environmental laws. ‘‘(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL LAW .—Guide- lines developed under this section and mitiga-tion carried out through an environmental bank established pursuant to such guidelines shall comply with all applicable requirements of Fed-eral law (including regulations), including— ‘‘(A) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); ‘‘(B) the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); ‘‘(C) the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.); ‘‘(D) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and ‘‘(E) section 906 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283). ‘‘(2) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect— ‘‘(A) any authority, regulatory determination, or legal obligation in effect the day before the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2016; or ‘‘(B) the obligations or requirements of any Federal environmental law. ‘‘(e) S
UNSET .—No new environmental bank may be created or approved pursuant to this section after the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this section.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ), the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), and the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 612. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 612, the Water Infrastruc-ture Improvements for the Nation Act, or the WIIN Act. This is a comprehen-sive bill to address water resources and infrastructure issues across the coun-try and could be one of the final achievements of this Congress. Today we have an opportunity to de-liver one more win for America. The WIIN Act includes the Water Resources Development Act as title I. Ranking Member DEFAZIO and I worked very closely throughout the process to ensure his and other Demo-cratic priorities were preserved in this final bill. So I want to thank Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for his work with me on the WRDA title. However, this bill is bigger than just WRDA, and I also want to thank the Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman U
PTON , the Natural Re-sources Committee Chairman B
ISHOP , and our Senate counterparts for help-ing us put together this package today. This legislation provides important direction from Congress to the Army Corps of Engineers in their missions to improve our infrastructure. The bill strengthens America’s competitive-ness, creates jobs, and grows the econ-omy. The WIIN Act maintains congres-sional constitutional authority to en-sure our infrastructure is safe and ef-fective. This bill contains authorizations for 30 Corps Chief’s Reports, eight Post- Authorization Change Reports, and 37 feasibility studies for projects across the United States. Today’s legislation restores regular order and the 2-year cycle of Congress considering these essential WRDA bills. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, this is good public policy, so I strongly urge my colleagues to support this jobs and infrastructure bill. 
WATER INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENTS FOR  
THENATION (WIIN) A CT—LETTERS OF SUP-
PORT  
OVER 70 ORGANIZATIONS SUPPORT  Waterways Council, Inc.; American Public Works Association; Association of California Water Agencies; Family Farm Alliance; The American Waterways Operators; American Society of Civil Engineers; Ducks Unlimited; Archer Daniels Midland Company; National Waterways Conference Inc.; Inland Rivers Ports and Terminals Association, Inc.; Glob-al Tech Power; Terral RiverService; National Association of Flood and Stormwater Man-agement Agencies; Tuloma Stevedoring, Inc. Port of Pittsburgh Commission; National Milk Producers Federation; U.S. Chamber of Commerce; American Association of Port Authorities; National Ready Mixed Concrete Association; Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative; National Corn Growers As-sociation; National Association of Manufac-turers; American Water Works Association; Pacific Northwest Waterways Association; Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies; Great Lakes Metro Chambers Coalition; Ten-nessee River Valley Association; Alliance for the Great Lakes. API Coalition letter: American Associa-tion of Port Authorities; American Chem-istry Council; American Farm Bureau; American Forest and Paper Association; American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufac-turers; American Great Lakes Ports Associa-tion; American Petroleum Institute; Amer-ican Road and Transportation Builders Asso-ciation; American Waterways Operators; Big River Coalition; Dredging Contractors of America; Great Lakes Metro Chambers Coa-lition; Lake Carriers’ Association; Mis-sissippi Valley Flood Control Association; National Grain and Feed Association; Na-tional Mining Association; National Retail 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.012 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7485 December 8, 2016 
Federation; National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association; Portland Cement Association; Retail Industry Leaders Association; The Fertilizer Institute; Waterways Council, Inc.; U.S. Chamber of Commerce. California Water Authorities Coalition: Friant North Authority; Friant Water Au-thority; Kern County Water Agency; Metro-politan Water District; San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors; South Valley Water Association; Tehama Colusa Canal Author-ity; Westlands Water District. Water Infrastructure Network: American Council of Engineering Companies; American Public Works Association; American Society of Civil Engineers; Associated General Con-tractors of America; International Union of Operating Engineers; Laborers International Union of North America; National Associa-tion Clean Water Agencies; National Rural Water Association; United Association of Plumbers and Pipefitters; Vinyl Institute. Highway Materials Group: American Coal Ash Association; American Traffic Safety Services Association; Association of Equip-ment Manufacturers; National Asphalt Pave-ment Association; National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association; Precast/Prestressed Con-crete Institute; American Concrete Pave-ment Association; Associated Equipment Distributors; Concrete Reinforcing Steel In-stitute; National Ready Mixed Concrete As-sociation; Portland Cement Association. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Unfortunately, today I rise in opposi-tion to S. 612. At one point, I whole-heartedly supported this bill. There should be nothing partisan about infrastructure. Building and re-building infrastructure for transpor-tation of goods and people, for ship-ping, for rail, for other aspects, and clean water—all that should be non-partisan. It is in the best interests of the United States of America to make us more competitive and more effi-cient. This bill reflected the best of that tradition when it came out of the committee. Unfortunately, a number of things have happened since. First, when we came to the floor, the leadership stripped out a provision which was adopted unanimously in committee to make the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund into a trust fund—spending the tax that is collected for harbor mainte-nance on—shocking in Washington, D.C.—harbor maintenance. Right now, the Budget Committee di-verts that money every year some-where else—imaginary deficit reduc-tion or some other program—and we underspend, through the appropria-tions process, that money. So the Americans are paying a tax. Every good you buy that is imported you pay a little bit more for it. You are paying that tax, and Congress is diverting the money while our harbors shoal in and our jetties crumble, and we can’t com-pete in the world market. The committee had adopted a provi-sion to turn that into a real trust fund and spend the money on harbor main-tenance. That was stripped out because of objections by the Budget Committee that wants to divert the money and the Appropriations Committee that wants to divert the money. That just shouldn’t be. I want to thank the chairman for promising to continue to work on that issue, which came out of committee, when we do the Water Resources Devel-opment bill again next year. Hopefully, the Trump administration will take a different position on this. There is $9 billion sitting there waiting to be spent tomorrow of taxes that have already been collected to maintain our harbors that Congress doesn’t want to spend, despite the shoaling in and the jetties’ deteriorating conditions. So, hopefully, the new administration will take a dif-ferent position in the budget on that. Secondly, just this week, a 100-page provision which did not come from our committee, which relates to a hugely controversial water diversion and set-tlement of disputes in California pit-ting members of the California delega-tion on both sides of the aisle against one another, doesn’t only just affect California, because Sacramento salmon swim north, and the last time we had a bad drought they shut down all the fishing on the southern Oregon coast because of endangered Sacramento salmon. Our salmon were doing fine. So if they start diverting more water from the delta, from the Sacramento, it is likely that our fisheries will be shut down in Oregon because of this mis-placed provision which has not had any congressional review of any sort in any committee in this House. b1100 Finally, gratuitously, as part of that gigantic project in California, they are undermining Buy America and Davis- Bacon provisions. I hope this isn’t a harbinger of things to come, that de-spite the President who wants a stronger Buy America, that the Repub-lican House is going to want to under-mine Buy America and start buying Chinese and Russian steel for our projects and doing away with pre-vailing wages paying a good living wage to people who work in construc-tion jobs. It is very unfortunate that was inserted in this bill. But there are many meritorious pro-visions in the bill set aside for dredging of small harbors and many, many indi-vidual projects and authorizations in the bill. Had these other three things not happened, I would have enthu-siastically supported it, but, unfortu-nately, I will have to oppose the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. I rise in reluctant opposition to S. 612. Mr. Speaker, at one time, this bill had great promise. At one time, this bill represented the bipartisan traditions of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. When the Committee unanimously reported this bill to the House, I was proud to support the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. However, since that time, the House Repub-lican Leadership has unilaterally stripped key Democratic priorities and air-dropped-in con-troversial Republican provisions making it im-possible for me to support the bill today. At every step of the legislative process, House Republican Leaders have morphed what was once the product of months of hard work by the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure into something that I, as the Ranking Democrat on the Committee, can no longer support—despite the fact that some good pol-icy provisions remain in this bill. That being said, I thank the Chairman of the Committee, Mr. SHUSTER , for following through on his promise to pass a Water Resources Development Act this Congress. In May, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure unanimously approved WRDA. That bipartisan bill took a bold step to ensure that Congress would begin to draw down the enormous surplus in the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund (HMTF). This posi-tion, one that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has fought for, on a bipar-tisan basis, for decades, would have made the $9 billion surplus of the HMTF immediately available to the Secretary of the Army to dredge our Nation’s harbors. Unfortunately, this provision was stripped from the bill by the House Republican Leader-ship before Floor consideration, and was not included in the House-passed WRDA. This im-portant provision would have unlocked the HMTF to ensure that revenues collected from shippers are used to dredge our Nation’s har-bors, and are not diverted to cover other debts of the U.S. Treasury. Despite this, I want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER for his commitment to work with me in the next Congress to unlock the HMTF once and for all. Without this provision, the balance in the Trust Fund will double in the next dec-ade to more than $17 billion and continue to grow year after year, despite the tremendous needs of our Nation’s ports and harbors. I am confident that, in the 115th Congress, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture can achieve full use of the HMTF, and strengthen and maintain our ports, harbors and waterways, and our Nation’s economic competitiveness. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER  for his promise to work with me to achieve full use of the HMTF in the next Congress. Again, while I will oppose final passage of this bill, I do want to highlight several prom-ising provisions in the bill. Emblematic of prior water resources legislation, S. 612 authorizes all pending Corps of Engineers’ project author-izations—valued at more than $10 billion. It also authorizes 32 new feasibility studies and additional project modifications to existing Corps’ projects—the first such provisions en-acted since 2007. The bill also includes several provisions to improve the overall efficiency and trans-parency of the Corps in carrying out its con-struction and regulatory missions while pre-serving existing Federal environmental protec-tions. For example, S. 612 includes a provision that requires the Corps to coordinate the regu-latory review of project modifications (so-called section 408 reviews) with the expectation that these coordinated reviews will help expedite the decision-making process. S. 612 also directs the Secretary to expedi-tiously complete a report to Congress on any materials, articles, or supplies manufactured outside the United States that are currently used in Corps projects. This report will be crit-ical to increased oversight by this Committee of the use of foreign-manufactured goods in Corps projects. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.011 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7486 December 8, 2016 
S. 612 also includes provisions to preserve and enhance the participation of Indian tribes in our water-related infrastructure, as well as honor commitments made by the U.S. govern-ment to the tribes. First, the bill includes a pro-vision that authorizes the Corps to provide im-mediate housing assistance to the Indian tribes displaced as a result of the construction of the Bonneville Dam, as well as to further study those Indian tribes displaced from the construction of the John Day Dam. Both of these provisions are intended to ensure that the Federal Government lives up to the com-mitments made to the tribes for construction of these two projects generations ago. In addition, S. 612 includes a provision that directs the Corps to undertake a comprehen-sive study of the existing tribal consultation process for the construction of any water re-sources development project, or any other project that may require the Corps’ approval or the issuance of a Corps permit. As recent events have shown, it is past time for the Corps to revisit its existing tribal consultation processes to ensure that the Corps under-takes meaningful consultation with Indian tribes for projects that may have an impact on tribal cultural or natural resources. I look for-ward to working with the Corps to ensure that this study and report are completed within the year. I am also pleased that S. 612 provides the framework for the Federal Government to fi-nally meet its commitment to help the families affected by lead-contaminated water in Flint, Michigan. While the funding for these projects will ultimately be included in the appropriations bill that funds the government into next year, I support the inclusion of additional Drinking Water State Revolving Fund resources for communities experiencing public health threats associated with lead-water contamination, and urge the Administration to release these funds to the State of Michigan and to the City of Flint as quickly as possible. The bill also benefits my home state of Or-egon. First, and foremost, the bill makes perma-nent the existing set-aside of harbor mainte-nance funding for small commercial harbors. These small commercial harbors are the life-blood of local and regional economies; yet, for decades, Federal dredging needs at these harbors went unmet. S. 612 makes permanent the existing 10 percent set-aside of annual Federal maintenance dredging funds for these types of harbors, and ensures that this 10 per-cent is the minimum (not the maximum) amount allocated to small commercial harbors from both baseline funding and priority funds. The bill also provides for the first-ever sur-vey of the condition of existing breakwaters and jetties protecting Federal harbors. In the Northwest, these critical structures are crum-bling, failing to provide necessary protection for shippers and fishermen alike, and increas-ing the long-term costs of maintaining our ports and harbors. This survey will provide Congress with critical information on the con-dition of breakwaters and levees so that we may start the process of repairing or replacing these structures in the near future. I am pleased that S. 612 also authorizes a new Columbia River Basin Restoration Pro-gram at the Environmental Protection Agency to help reduce toxic contamination and clean up contaminated sites in the Columbia River Basin. However, Mr. Speaker, there are also provi-sions in this bill that I cannot support. For example, when the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 was considered in the House in September, I sponsored an amendment to ensure that scarce Federal funds are not used for the construction of non- economically-justified projects, or projects for the construction of ballfields and splash parks. Unfortunately, at the insistence of the Repub-lican majority, the authorization of the Central City; Texas project remains in this final bill, without the protections for taxpayers that I sought in my amendment. Should this project continue, I will continue to press the Com-mittee and the Corps to oversee this project to ensure that taxpayer dollars are not wasted on frivolous and non-economically-justified projects, regardless of where they are con-structed. In addition, I did not support the inclusion in this bill of those provisions which side with one State over another in regional water issues, such as those involving the Apalachi-cola-Chattahoochee-Flint watersheds in the States of Georgia, Florida, and Alabama. I do not support the inclusion of any of the provisions that purport to grant a private cit-izen with some undefined property right to publically-owned or managed property. These provisions, such as section 1148 (Cumberland River, Kentucky), section 1185 (Table Rock Lake, Arkansas and Missouri), and section 5003 (Tennessee Valley Authority jurisdictional waters), follow a concerning trend that seeks to provide some enforceable interest in public lands and resources for which no right cur-rently exists, or no agreement with or payment to the government is made. Congress should conduct proper oversight of these and any fu-ture proposals to grant such a property right to ensure that public resources are properly held in trust for the good of the Nation, and not the benefit of private individuals or interests. In addition, I oppose efforts by the Repub-lican Leadership to undermine worker protec-tions and Buy America requirements for pro-grams and projects authorized by this bill. If enacted, these provisions will undermine the principle of prevailing wage protections for construction jobs, and open the door to using American taxpayer dollars to pass off goods made with Russian and Chinese steel as ‘‘Made-in-America’’ . Finally, and most egregiously, I am opposed to the inclusion of the last-minute, nearly 100– page California water poison pill that was de-veloped behind closed doors and with no ap-parent public debate. It deeply divides the ex-isting California Congressional delegation, re-gardless of party, and picks winners and los-ers in a region-against-region and industry- against-industry fight for water in California. This provision was dropped on our lap on Monday. It jeopardizes not only our bill, but also Oregon’s fishing industry and thousands of jobs that depend on sustainable fisheries. I cannot support a bill that will jeopardize thou-sands of jobs and our economic engine on the Oregon coast. Again, I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  for his work on this bill. I am disappointed that the good work of our Committee has been sul-lied by the whims of House Republican Lead-ers, and hope that, in the next Congress, we can restore the strong and lasting commit-ments made between the majority and minor-ity members of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. For these reasons, I oppose S. 612. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of S. 612, the Water Infra-structure Improvements for the Nation Act, the WIIN Act. The WIIN Act is a vital water infrastructure bill that contains the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2016. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, our jurisdiction includes water resources development missions of the U.S. Corps of Engineers. This bill is a compromise between the Senate and the House and authorizes the construction of key water infrastructure projects through-out the Nation. These projects create jobs here at home and have a direct im-pact on our economy and our national security. The critically important Corps project authorizations are for the pur-poses of navigation and flood control, recreation, water supply, environ-mental protection, and so on. Each of the projects—30 projects that were mentioned by the chairman—was rec-ommended by non-Federal sponsors to the Corps. Each of these are economi-cally justified, environmentally ac-ceptable, and technically achievable. They are the gold standard. My subcommittee held multiple hearings to discuss the chief’s reports and post-authorization change reports in depth, and my subcommittee pro-vided strong congressional oversight of these proposed activities. Many State, local, and regional areas will gain from the economic benefits of this bill. One example is the upper Ohio chief’s report will greatly benefit my home State of Ohio by improving navi-gation within the existing locks and dams. More importantly, this project provides even greater benefits to the Nation, ensuring commodities reach foreign and domestic markets in a cost-effective manner. This bill is fiscally responsible. The new project authorizations are fully offset by deauthorizations of projects that are outdated or no longer viable. This bill contains an important pilot program for the beneficial reuse of dredged materials. This innovative pro-gram looks for ways to maximize dredged material based upon environ-mental, economic, and social benefits. The WIIN Act contains no earmarks, it strengthens our water transpor-tation networks, and it increases transparency for non-Federal sponsors and the public. I strongly urge Members to support this bill. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ), the ranking member of the subcommittee. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Water Resources Development Act, S. 612. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.013 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7487 December 8, 2016 
I strongly support the bipartisan work done by the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on the Army Corps provisions that create policy and authorize projects around the country for flood damage reduction, ecosystem restoration, water supply, recreation, and navigation. There is something for everyone in this bill. I am particularly appreciative that this bill authorizes the Los Angeles River project, which will rejuvenate the river by improving wildlife habitat and creating recreational opportunities for southern California residents. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, and Chairman G IBBS for working with me and my staff to include multiple provisions that will improve water supply and local col-laboration at the Army Corps facili-ties. These provisions include: Providing more water supply to local communities by improving on WRDA ’14 provisions and requiring the Corps to capture more water for groundwater replenishment, especially in Long An-geles County; Promoting local and private sector combined efforts to remove sediment from Corps dams and improve water supply, which will benefit all dams, in-cluding Santa Fe Dam in my district; Requiring the Corps to work more collaboratively with local communities on sharing water data and improving watershed management, in other words, transparency; and Extending current law on donor port provisions important to the Ports of Los Angeles, Long Beach, and many other ports. I also support the provisions in the bill that include providing assistance for the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, and other areas of the coun-try, which include California, although we should be investing more in our out-dated drinking water infrastructure. I disagree with the leadership’s deci-sion to add a California water provision to WRDA at the last minute. This pro-vision should have been addressed as its own legislation and not attached to the traditionally bipartisan WRDA bill that so many Members, including Sen-ator B
OXER , have worked so hard on. If I had been consulted on this provision, I would have strongly advocated for more than $50 million for title XVI and $100 million for WaterSmart, as these programs are the most cost effective at addressing our drought crisis. I want to thank the many water agencies and associations, such as the National Association of Flood and Stormwater Management Agencies, the County of Los Angeles Department of Public Works, the Upper San Gabriel Valley Water District, and the Three Valleys Municipal Water District that have worked with my office on this bill throughout the process, and over-whelmingly support WRDA. I greatly respect and recognize that there are Members who disagree on the final passage based on the needs of their own districts and constituents, and I would like to work with them. THEMETROPOLITAN WATER  D
ISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA , December 6, 2016. Re: Support Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) Bi-Partisan Drought Provi-sion Hon. D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR FEINSTEIN : As the nation’s largest provider of drinking water, the Met-ropolitan Water District of Southern Cali-fornia would like to thank you for your lead-ership in responding to California’s unprece-dented drought. We support the drought pro-visions that you negotiated with the House, included in H.R. 2533 the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2016, to help us better manage our limited water resources. We also support the broader WRDA package which will provide strategic authorizations and investments to develop, manage and im-prove essential water infrastructure and op-erations in the United States. While rains have returned to Northern California, we have little assurance of the water year ahead. Southern California is heading into its sixth year of drought. Were it not for the imported water that Metropoli-tan brings to the Southland, the ground-water basins and surface reservoirs would be at historic lows. This imported water re-mains an essential component of Southern California’s water supply portfolio, and we cannot afford to miss out on capturing sup-plies during the few large storm events that come each year. Your drought provisions will help to maximize pumping while main-taining the protections provided to Califor-nia’s native species through the Endangered Species Act and the Biological Opinions that currently protect salmon and smelt. These protections are important to Metropolitan to ensure we continue to operate in an environ-mentally responsible manner. Equally important is the need for invest-ment in new local water supplies to help California adjust to climate conditions that are reducing our snowpack and changing rain patterns. Investments in recycling, de-salination, groundwater treatment and con-servation that are included in the drought provisions of the legislation are vital to this region. Reforming Title XVI to allow recy-cled water projects to compete for funding is an important first step. WRDA includes many other important pro-visions that will benefit California water users including funding for improvements to U.S. rivers and harbors, improved science, conservation initiatives, infrastructure de-velopment, ecosystem restoration and sus-tainability. These programs will improve the nation’s drinking water resources and im-prove our water resiliency as a nation. Metropolitan appreciates your leadership on national water policy initiatives and your ongoing support and commitment to finding solutions for California’s water supply and water quality concerns. We look forward to continuing to work with you to advance these objectives. Sincerely, J
EFFREY KIGHTLINGER , General Manager. 
THREE VALLEYS MWD, December 6, 2016. Re: S. 2533—California Emergency Drought Relief Act—Support Hon. D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR FEINSTEIN : I am writing to you on behalf of the Three Valleys Municipal Water District (TVMWD) to express our sup-port for S. 2533—the California Emergency Drought Relief Act. TVMWD is a wholesale water supplier and member agency of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, responsible for providing treated import water supplies to over half a million people covering the Pomona, Walnut and East San Gabriel valleys. Despite improving hydrologic conditions in 2016, many regions in California continued to suffer water supply shortages resulting from several years of prolonged drought and regu-lations that affect the operations of the State’s major water supply projects. S. 2533 is designed to provide reasonable solutions to address both the short-term and long- term water supply needs for the State. It does this by investing in water storage, con-servation, recycling and desalination, along with innovative water infrastructure financ-ing. These provisions align with Proposition 1, which was passed by California voters in 2014, thus enhancing State law with the co-ordinated activities of the Federal agencies. The bill upholds and protects state water rights and water law and there is an environ-mental protection mandate repeated throughout the text of the bill. Moreover, S. 2533 makes provision for additional protec-tions of at-risk fish species and provides tools to improve the delta environment. The drought has shown how we must take a ho-listic look at how we manage the entire eco-system for the benefit of both native species and water supply reliability. S. 2533 will provide critical resources to as-sist California in the current drought and in-vest in long-term water infrastructure to help the state in the future and we are pleased to offer our support. We are request-ing that our local representatives support your efforts to pass this important legisla-tion and ask that they make you aware of that support. If you have any questions re-garding TVMWD and its position, please do not hesitate to contact me at 909–621–5568. Sincerely, RICHARD HANSEN , P.E., General Manager. 
UPPER SANGABRIEL VALLEY  M
UNICIPAL WATER DISTRICT , Hon. G
RACE F. N APOLITANO , House of Representatives, Washington DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE NAPOLITANO : Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District (Upper District) supports S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (WIIN), a compromise bill that includes the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2016. We believe this important legislation is vital to California’s water fu-ture and is consistent with our state’s policy of managing water resources for the coequal goals of enhancing ecosystem health and im-proving water supply reliability. S. 612 contains key provisions from the WRDA which will authorize numerous projects in California, including restoration of the Los Angeles River, Lake Tahoe and the Salton Sea. Upper District is pleased to see the bill authorizes $558 million for crit-ical projects, that will help supplement state and local funding to construct new source water projects that will help manage our groundwater basin which has reached his-toric lows during California’s five-year drought. In addition, it will help local water agen-cies work with the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers on stormwater capture projects and groundwater recharge projects, and provides direction to the Corps to engage in environ-mental infrastructure projects, including water recycling projects. We are also pleased to see reforms made to Title XVI to allow re-cycled water projects to compete for fund-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.025 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7488 December 8, 2016 
This legislation reflects compromises that will improve water supplies for all Califor-nians and reflects a balanced compromise that will help provide improved water sup-plies without violating the Endangered Spe-cies Act or existing biological opinions that govern pumping operations in the sensitive Bay-Delta eco-system. Upper District appreciates your leadership on national water policy initiatives and your ongoing support and commitment to finding solutions for California’s water supply. We strongly support passage of this legislation and respectfully ask for your vote in favor. Sincerely, S
HANE CHAPMAN , General Manager. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman on the Appropriations Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the WIIN Act. The bill contains a number of pro-visions that help improve the water in-frastructure across the country. My home State of California con-tinues to suffer from drought condi-tions and a water system that has failed to keep up with tremendous pop-ulation growth. Thankfully, this bill contains a number of solutions that will help address California’s water challenges. In my experience, there are few things more difficult than water nego-tiations, and these negotiations over California water provisions proved to be no different. I am also pleased that this bill in-cludes legislation I introduced to final-ize the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Water Rights Settlement. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN for making today pos-sible, Chairman S
HUSTER and his com-mittee for their hard work, Kiel Wea-ver for his efforts to get California water across the line, and Ian Foley for his tireless work. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to engage the chairman and ranking member in a brief colloquy on behalf of the Connecticut congressional delega-tion and Long Island Sound. The sound is a treasured and integral source, one that generates $9 billion annually through tourism, recreation, and economic activity, so the impor-tance of dredging activities to our State and the larger region cannot be overstated. Therefore, we seek clarification with the constant intent of section 1189 and the dredging provisions contained in the WIIN Act. I yield to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, if we understand section 1189 correctly, nothing in S. 612 gives any States any new rights by which to impose its own water quality standards on any other State. Rather, section 1189 is simply a restatement of current law under the Clean Water Act. Additionally, we understand that no provision in this bill revises the Army Corps’ Federal standard of dredged ma-terial from Federal projects; and as is affirmed through a sense of Congress in section 1188 of this bill, the best way to resolve any disagreements over State water quality standards is collabo-ratively with input from all stake-holders. Is that a correct reading of the bill? Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. DELAURO. I yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Yes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. D
ELAURO. I yield to the gen-tleman from Oregon. Mr. D
EFAZIO. I would say yes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ). Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank the chairman for his hard work on this bill and his bipar-tisan effort in putting it together. Mr. Speaker, Americans understand intuitively that governments are set up for the benefit of the people. Those who are civic-minded, who pay their taxes, live according to the law, and treat their fellow citizens with respect deserve certain guarantees: their gov-ernment will keep them safe from en-emies at home and abroad; their gov-ernment will defend their most basic constitutional rights; and their govern-ment will ensure that people have ac-cess to basic necessities fundamental to life. I ask this body, Mr. Speaker, what could be more fundamental to life than water? America is not some Third World country—we are a wealthy na-tion—and we will not let any American go without water. I am proud we are voting on legislation today to deliver water to the people across the country by updating our water resource projects and changing outdated water policies. But, Mr. Speaker, we cannot treat each community facing a water crisis in isolation. In my State of California, we are enduring the worst drought in over a century. Farmland has been fallowed, families are forced to cut back on water consumption, and some are out of water completely. They have to travel to community centers for drinking water or to even take showers and brush their teeth. With each passing day, month, and year, our situation becomes more des-perate. As we all know, the drought is an act of nature. It is one of those troubles that we can respond to and prepare for but not prevent. Yet our own government, the Federal Govern-ment, has not only failed to prepare for this drought, they have exacerbated it. Water that could have been used in homes or on farms has been sent out to sea. Water that could have been stored by building new reservoirs was lost. Water, our most precious resource, has been wasted. The drought may be our biggest chal-lenge, but its destructive effects have been compounded by stubborn regu-latory and legal restraints. In Cali-fornia, rather than strive to bring peo-ple water, the State government is tak-ing it away. This is more than incom-petence. Government has failed in its primary duty to make sure people have that which is necessary for life. The people of California have put into the system, and they are not getting what they deserve, are due. But today, and in large part thanks to Members on both sides of the aisle in this Chamber and the senior Senator of our Golden State with their good faith negotiation and partnership, water is coming. We now have a bipartisan water bill. It is not the holistic one that this House wants to pass, but it is a bill that helps deliver water to our commu-nities, potentially enough to supply the annual needs of almost 450,000 households in California. It will in-crease pumping; it will increase stor-age; it will fund more desalinization, efficiency, and recycling projects; and it will do all of this in accordance with the Endangered Species Act and with-out costing the taxpayer one additional cent. Our work to bring California water is by no means complete, but this deal shows that we have a path forward to fulfill our obligation to the American people. Once we pass this bill today, I urge Senate Democrats and Republicans and the President to join with the House and enact this bill and help our com-munities in California, in Flint, and across this country get access to the water we desperately need. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oregon has 2
1⁄2minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Pennsyl-vania has 4
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, if this bill did what the previous speaker just said, I would be here to speak in favor of it. Unfortu-nately, this legislation is a giant leap in the wrong direction with the poten-tial to undo all that our State has worked for. It sends operations man-dates from Washington to water man-agers who have carefully balanced water allocation across users for the past 5 years of this terrible drought. It pits regions against each other. It re-ignites the water wars, which our State has struggled with for generations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.022 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7489 December 8, 2016 
b1115 Though the authors have provided authorization for critical water infra-structure, they have prioritized huge water storage projects without enough congressional oversight. The bill also leaves the door open for the Federal funding for our State’s delta tunnels proposal, which is highly controversial in California; and fund-ing for this measure, if it happens at all, would be left to the mercy of the Republican-controlled spending com-mittees. Funding is not guaranteed for these projects. Most fundamentally, this provision violates the bedrock environmental laws that protect ecosystems not just in California, but nationwide. When lawmakers overrule biological opin-ions—the determination of scientists about what is best for a species—the science-based management ecosystems everywhere are undermined. The consequences could be cata-strophic. We have seen it before. In 2002, we ignored science and diverted water out of the Klamath River, killing nearly 80,000 spawning salmon. Com-munities were devastated and liveli-hoods were lost. We can’t afford to set a precedent. This is a bad provision of an otherwise good bill, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to sup-port the WIIN Act. We have heard from both sides. It is a bipartisan bill. No-body likes everything in it, which is typical of legislation in Washington, but it is absolutely critical to this country—to jobs and our economy. In fact, in the district I represent, there are over 76,000 jobs associated with ports and waterways in the area. I would venture to say, however, 100 percent of the population is touched in the products that they buy, in the goods that they produce, and in the raw materials that are shipped. This is a good bill that cuts redtape and gets our port projects going. It is what we need for our economy and it is what we need for America. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank all of the staff who worked so hard on this legislation, particularly the majority and minority staff of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. We would not be here today without the hard work of Ryan Seiger and Mike Brain on my staff and of others on the other side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in solidarity and in championing the cause of the steelworkers of our Nation and of the industrial heartland of Lo-rain, Ohio, and Gary, Indiana, and Youngstown. Apparently, the Republican majority was not paying attention to the recent election because, in fact, Mr. Trump promised that the Buy American provi-sion and American steel production would be supportive and primary; yet they are proposing to kill the Buy American provision in this bill. I urge the majority not to forget the promises its party made to these proud and strong American workers. I can as-sure the majority they won’t forget. We also have to stand up to Chinese dumping that has put out of work thousands and thousands and thou-sands of workers across this country. Given the woes of the American steel industry, encouraging more offshoring is unconscionable. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. I thank the gen-tleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. I thank the chairman for his work and for the committee’s work on this bill in the way that, in essence, it cre-ates a lighthouse on how we might fund infrastructure projects going for-ward. There is much talk about the new Trump administration and what will come next on that front, but what will be important is the process in the way that we fund infrastructure. We can have our different takes on what should or shouldn’t happen in Cali-fornia, but if you look at the bill in its totality, it sets in place a process that, I think, is vital. Second, it is important to take things off the Christmas tree, and this bill does that. I praise the chairman for what he has done. He deauthorized $10 billion worth of projects. That is some-thing we do not often see in Wash-ington, D.C., and it is something we need to see more of. Finally, I thank the gentleman for the way that he focused on Charleston. Any time one can count a resource on one hand, it is a natural resource. In-deed, that is the case with the port in Charleston, which I think will go to serve needs, along with a number of other ports on the Gulf and the East Coast, as the Panama Canal has been widened. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for all of their work on this legislation, particularly on the water resources component. Mr. Speaker, you can look at water resource policy across the United States, whether it is building levees or it is restoring the coast. We have one of the most expensive and one of the most delayed processes for imple-menting infrastructure projects in the Nation. This bill begins to correct that process. It begins to expedite it. It be-gins to give better local control. It be-gins to provide people protection. It be-gins to restore the environment. Just in August of this year, Mr. Speaker, we had one of the worst floods in U.S. history that will result in bil-lions of dollars in flooding. We simply could have spent millions, once again, in preventing the flooding from hap-pening, thus saving lives and saving this country billions of dollars. So I urge the adoption of the bill. I want to quickly say that the West Shore project authorized in here and the environmental banks are critical and are going to result in much protec-tion and efficiency. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate all of the work that has gone into this bill, especially by the staff on both sides of the committee. There were a lot of hours that they put in, and I can’t thank them enough for what they did. Again, I thank my counterpart, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), for his efforts on the bill as well as the ranking member’s and the sub-committee chairman’s. I urge all of my colleagues to support S. 612, or the WIIN Act, so we can im-prove our ports, our harbors, and can protect this Nation from flooding and natural disasters. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, and I urge my colleagues to join me in that support. As everyone knows, families in Flint, Michigan, have not been able to trust the drinking water coming out of their taps for more than 2 years, and bottled water and filters are only temporary solutions. They want answers, and they want results. The package before us in-cludes legislation that will authorize funding to help improve the health of the people in Flint and in other com-munities who have had Federal emer-gencies declared due to there being un-safe levels of lead in their drinking water. Specifically, this package au-thorizes $100 million in Safe Drinking Water Act capitalization grants to States that respond to a Presidentially declared disaster for health threats posed by their drinking water. This bipartisan package also ex-presses that $20 million should be ap-proved under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act for eligible projects. It authorizes $20 million for the creation of a Lead Registry and Ad-visory Committee at the Department of HHS, and it authorizes an additional $15 million in appropriations for the Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Program at the CDC. It also authorizes $15 million for the Healthy Start Ini-tiative at the Department of HHS. This fully offset package will not only serve as the basis for responding to decaying lead service lines across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.027 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7490 December 8, 2016 
the country, but will also directly re-spond to the tragic toll that has been taken on the minds and bodies of Flint’s youngest victims due to re-peated exposures to elevated con-centrations of lead in drinking water. We must pass this authorization to en-sure the appropriation proposed in the continuing resolution does what we want it to do, not what the EPA might come up with for that funding. As for the other parts of the WIIN Act, they are not perfect, but they rep-resent a bipartisan, bicameral com-promise that I expect the President to sign. Under the jurisdiction of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, there are several other proposals that ad-dress lead and other contaminants in drinking water: WIIN includes the public notification provisions that the House passed this past February with 412 votes. Specifi-cally, it requires public water systems to notify their customers if the utility, on a systemwide basis, is exceeding the Federal lead action level for the con-centration of lead in its drinking water. If the water utility and the State fail to make the notice, then the EPA must advise the public. These provisions also call for the cre-ation of a strategic plan between the EPA, the State, and the local water utility for household-specific notifica-tion if the EPA learns about a par-ticular household getting water above the Federal lead action level. This legislation also targets assist-ance to small and economically dis-advantaged communities, particularly those communities with any kind of formal plumbing or inadequate water delivery service. Beyond Flint, WIIN institutes a new program to help communities finance activities to reduce the lead in their treated drinking water. The priority for these grants goes to economically disadvantaged communities that have concentrations of lead in their drink-ing water that exceed Federal stand-ards. This bill also provides grants to States for voluntary testing programs for lead in school and childcare center drinking water systems. There are other worthy provisions that are contained in this bill that I urge my colleagues to look into, but I want to mention two of them: Buy American iron and steel and State per-mitting for coal ash. While these provi-sions have been carried in appropria-tions bills for years, WIIN inserts a re-quirement into the Safe Drinking Water Act that iron and steel used in projects financed with Federal money have to be primarily made in the United States. This language sends a strong signal that Congress supports American busi-nesses and workers and will not allow foreign competitors to use our markets as a dumping ground for cheap prod-ucts. Concerning coal ash, after 6 years of trying, we are close to reaching our goal of enacting legislation to estab-lish permit programs for coal ash. The language in WIIN provides for the establishment of State and EPA permit programs, which will alleviate the issue of the citizen suit enforce-ment of the EPA’s final rule. Like past House proposals, States may incor-porate the EPA final rule for coal com-bustion residuals or develop other cri-teria that are at least as protective as the final rule. b1130 States and utilities alike are sup-portive of the language. I commend our colleague, D
AVID M
CKINLEY , for his dogged determina-tion on this issue and our Water Re-sources and Environment Sub-committee Chairman J
OHNSHIMKUS for their work on this subject. In summary, Mr. Speaker, this bill is, on balance, better than the status quo, and it is done in a more fiscally respon-sible way than the version that passed the other body: no direct spending, fully offset, and in line with House rules and protocols. It addresses crit-ical issues facing our Nation in both water infrastructure and drinking water policy. It is worthy of our sup-port, and it will benefit all Americans. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on S. 612. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is far from per-fect. It has some very good provisions and others that I oppose. I rise today to highlight the particular sections I worked on to get included in this bill. I have worked across the aisle with my colleagues in the past on similar drinking water issues, and I have been asking my E&C colleagues for a hear-ing on broader reforms to the Safe Drinking Water Act through this en-tire session. While we have not been successful in having a hearing, I re-main optimistic that my colleagues on the other side will make this a top pri-ority next year. With that said, the bill before us today includes a number of provisions very similar to language authored by myself, by Ranking Member P
ALLONE , and many of our Democratic colleagues contained within the AQUA Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act Amend-ments of 2016. We know communities and low-in-come homeowners need assistance re-placing lead service lines. This bill au-thorizes a new $300 million grant pro-gram to get lead out of our commu-nities. It gives priority to schools, to childcare centers, and other facilities that serve children. The bill also makes it easier for States to admin-ister Federal funds. In addition to these provisions from the AQUA Act, there are a number of other positive things included in this bill. We have heard about the struggles of small and disadvantaged commu-nities. In my district, the mayor of Castleton, Joseph Keegan, testified that his community needs help but simply cannot afford a loan. He sug-gested allowing grants. This bill in-cludes a significant grant program spe-cifically for that purpose. It also gives more flexibility for trib-al governments and encourages innova-tive technologies. The bill improves public notification requirements when a system violates the Lead and Copper Rule, an issue the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) has fought for to help prevent another tragedy like that in Flint. And it includes an au-thorization for a program to help schools test for lead. Unfortunately, this bill fails to make sufficient commitments to Buy Amer-ican. We must include stronger Buy American language in the statutes. Finally, I am disheartened to see such a divisive bit of language on Cali-fornia water issues added at the last minute. It is frustrating to see a good bill, negotiated in good faith, get load-ed up with a poison pill at the end. Ul-timately, this bill has taken some good first steps to invest in our Nation’s water systems and provide the city of Flint with the assistance it needs and deserves. But much more is needed. Some $384 billion is required over the next 20 years to simply keep up our drinking water systems, and 18 million Americans live in communities that violated the Lead and Copper Rule in 2015. We must, and we can, do better. It is time to get to work. There are many more provisions included in the AQUA Act that I hope this body seriously considers moving forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have witnessed a pattern of attacks against the Endangered Species Act as well as attacks on our industries and commu-nities that rely on the California delta. House Republicans continue to attach environmentally damaging California water riders to every single piece of legislation that is moving on this floor. This time, it is on S. 612, the WIIN Act, also known as the WRDA bill. This highly controversial language was developed behind closed doors, and it jeopardizes the Senate bipartisan bill that Senator B
OXER and Senator I
NHOFE have worked on very hard, but Senator B
OXER is now willing to sac-rifice all that work to stop this bill. I strongly support the original bill, which includes some very good stuff. I also want to recognize Mr. K
ILDEE , my colleague who has worked very hard on behalf of his constituents in Flint, Michigan. I support the provisions in this bill that will provide assistance to the drinking water crisis in Flint and other areas of the Nation that need upgraded drinking water infrastructure. But as long as the California so- called drought language remains, my State and the Pacific Coast are at risk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.028 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7491 December 8, 2016 
This California water rider would fur-ther degrade the California delta. It weakens protections for California fisheries; threatens thousands of fish-ing industry jobs, as we have heard, even up to the coast of Oregon; in-creases saltwater intrusion; and it picks winners and losers in my State. This provision will provide freedom to export water above and beyond what the ESA currently allows. This will cause further saltwater intrusion into the delta. You know, farmers do not benefit when saltwater contaminates our water supplies. If we truly believe in sound science, we should not override science with local interests that do not represent the entire State. The administration and its agencies have serious concerns with this lan-guage. This rider will not create a path forward for effective operations but, in-stead, will create a firestorm of litiga-tion. Environmental organizations, the fishing industry, the fisheries believe this language will devastate our way of life on the Pacific Coast. I, along with California, Oregon, and Washington Members, have urged the House and Senate leadership to reject similar riders in the past. I have had an opportunity to submit amendments to strip these riders in the past, but we do not have that opportunity today. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Republicans should not hold funding for water infrastruc-ture projects hostage. Instead of pit-ting communities against each other, we need to support conservation, storm water capture, and innovative recy-cling programs. We need real drought solutions that will actually improve water supply. This is not a compromise. It sets a precedent for the next administration to further unravel environmental pro-tections. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Indiana has 5 minutes re-maining. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). Mr. CRAMER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the WIIN Act includes two provisions very important to con-stituents of mine in North Dakota that involve Bureau of Land Management properties; and because of the House rules, I was unable to put these provi-sions in the House WRDA Act. How-ever, Senator H
OEVEN was able to get them into the Senate bill; and, with the strong support of committee lead-ership and staff, we were able to work it out and get them in the final bill. One provision concludes an issue that has been going on for years that in-volves the continued use of trailer homes around Lake Tschida, or the Heart Butte Reservoir. The require-ments set in this provision will in-crease safety while supporting existing investments and continued recreation around the lake. The other deals with a more recent issue that has arisen lately of looming fee increases at cabins and trailers at three North Dakota BLM reservoirs: the Heart Butte, Dickinson, and Jamestown. Because market rent sur-veys weren’t completed for many years, and then the recent increases in North Dakota property values, surveys completed last year concluded that the fees would have to be increased 91 to 232 percent overnight. Obviously, my constituents would be hit too hard by that, so this bill helps correct that and brings a smoother transition. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) for yielding and for his work advo-cating on behalf of the people of my hometown, Flint. I also want to thank colleagues on both sides of the aisle: Leader P
ELOSI ; our whip, Mr. H
OYER ; the Speaker who committed to help make sure that we get this Flint provision through; as well as other colleagues who have stood with me as I have fought now for a year and a half for the people of my hometown. Flint is a city of 100,000 people who still can’t drink their water. This is not a question of access to water. The water flowing through the pipes in Flint has poisoned that city: 100,000 people, 9,000 children under the age of 6 affected permanently by high levels of lead being delivered to them through their municipal water system, caused by careless, thoughtless decisions based on an obsession with austerity by the State government. And then they were told the water was safe to drink, when that same State government knew it was not. Look, we know where we stand. No bill is perfect. This bill is far from per-fect. Many of the provisions included in this legislation I disagree with. But I have been fighting for my hometown and have been told to wait and wait and wait, and the people of my commu-nity can wait no longer. Drinking water is a basic human right, and that should be a human right exercised by the people every-where, including the people of my hometown of Flint. Every day that passes, every week that passes, every month that passes that Flint does not get the relief they so deserve is a day we don’t get back. More people leave. More businesses fail. The city gets more poor and poor and poor and incapable of moving for-ward. That has to stop, and it has to stop right now. It has to stop before this Congress adjourns. We can’t count on the next Congress to get this done. Time matters. This bill would provide relief to my hometown. It would put it on a path, and it would send a signal that it is okay to invest in Flint. It is okay to stay. The water will be fine. That is a responsibility we have. This is a moral obligation that we have. It also makes sure that there is no more Flints, by including in this legis-lation the Kildee-Upton bill that passed this House nearly unanimously. It is long past time for us to act. I ask you to join me in supporting this legis-lation. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mon-tana (Mr. ZINKE). Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the WIIN Act, which includes one of my top priorities in Congress, the Blackfeet Water Com-pact. I cannot stress how important this compact is to the Blackfeet Na-tion, a nation of warriors; the State of Montana; and our great Nation, the United States. Not only has the compact receive the necessary and long signoff that in-volved Federal agencies, the House Natural Resources Committee, and House leadership, it is a net benefit to the American taxpayer. I want to commend the Blackfeet warriors for all their hard work, espe-cially Chairman Harry Barnes for his guidance and leadership, and also Chairman B
ISHOP for his leadership. I urge my colleagues in the House and Senate to put politics aside and pass this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce who is doing a great job leading us in the House. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the WIIN Act in its current form. The decision by Republican leadership to include damaging legislation on Cali-fornia water in an otherwise good, bi-partisan bill is deeply disappointing. Members and staff have devoted months to the underlying package, in-cluding long overdue aid for the people of Flint. But I cannot support the Cali-fornia water poison pill, and I know that many of my colleagues in the Sen-ate are in the same position. I want to thank Leader P
ELOSI and Whip H
OYER for working tirelessly over the last few months to develop this package and over the last few days to save it. I hope this is not the end of the story. We have tried for years on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, Mr. Speaker, to get our Republican col-leagues to work with us to strengthen the Safe Drinking Water Act and pro-vide more money for infrastructure, but they have refused. So I welcomed the Senate’s bipartisan passage of an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.029 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7492 December 8, 2016 
expanded WRDA that included some valuable changes to the Safe Drinking Water Act and significant new author-izations for infrastructure, and I was pleasantly surprised that House Repub-licans agreed to some of the changes and authorizations in that bill. However, the drinking water provi-sions in this bill fall short of what was included in the Senate WRDA bill; most notably, Republicans refuse to support a permanent requirement that projects funded through the SRF use American iron and steel. That require-ment should not be controversial. It has been enacted through the appro-priations process for years and has clear benefits for American workers and the American economy. b1145 House Democrats have proposed sig-nificant changes to the Safe Drinking Water Act that go far beyond this bill, including changes needed to address dangerous drinking water contami-nants and the risks to drinking water from climate change. Ignoring these challenges won’t make them go away. House Republicans need to face these challenges in the coming months and not undermine our efforts with poison pills. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. U
PTON ), the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in support of S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, and I would urge every one of my colleagues to join me in that support. As everybody knows, families in Flint, Michigan, have not been able to trust the drinking water coming out of their taps for more than 2 years. Bot-tled water and filters are only tem-porary solutions. In August, I traveled to Flint with my friend and colleague D
ANKILDEE from Michigan. We visited health facilities and homes, and we heard firsthand from hundreds of resi-dents. No matter where we went, we heard the same voices. Folks in Flint are tired of the partisan blame game. They really are. They wanted answers and they wanted results, and that is what this bill does. That is why we worked so hard to have language included in this bipar-tisan legislation that will authorize funding to help improve the health of the folks in Flint and other commu-nities who have had Federal emer-gencies declared due to the unsafe lev-els of lead in their drinking water. Our package authorizes $100 million in Safe Drinking Water Act capitaliza-tion grants to States responding to a Presidentially declared disaster for health threats associated with the presence of lead or other drinking water contaminants in a public water system. This bipartisan package also ex-presses that $20 million should be ap-proved under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act for eligible projects. It authorizes $20 million for the creation of a lead registry and ad-visory committee at the Department of HHS and authorizes an additional $15 million appropriation for the Child-hood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act at CDC. It authorizes $15 million for the Healthy Start Initiative at the Depart-ment of HHS. It also authorizes 30 new Army Corps of Engineers projects across the country, including critical harbor maintenance provisions that are vitally important in the Great Lakes. This fully offset package will not only serve as the basis for responding to decaying lead service lines across the country, but also responds to the tragic toll that has been taken on the minds and bodies of Flint’s youngest victims and similar communities due to repeated exposures to elevated con-centrations of lead in drinking water. Simply put, Flint needs action. This bipartisan legislation delivers that. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, which will provide crit-ical resources to address the needs of our waterway infrastructure directly affecting communities’ economy and safety. Communities I represent have suf-fered from chronic flooding, and I am proud to have worked with municipal leaders in Cranford, Kenilworth, Maple-wood, Millburn, Rahway, Springfield, and Union, New Jersey, to include au-thorization language in this legislation that will complete the Rahway River Basin Flood Risk Management Feasi-bility Study. For years, these New Jersey commu-nities have pursued this project based on its great merits that will protect life and property. I have toured these communities and seen firsthand how the solution must come from collabo-ration between local leaders, State en-tities, and the Federal Government, in-cluding the Army Corps of Engineers. This legislation gives the Army Corps the directive to get it done. This is how Congress should work, heeding the call of our constituents and build-ing bipartisan consensus to make sure that this legislation passes. I congratu-late all those responsible. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of S. 612. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. One of the things we have to realize is we have had communities that have been suffering for a long time. Our job is to help people. We should be ashamed that it has taken us so long to try and move to a solution in these particular issues. What we have before us here is not a total solution, but it is a very, very good first step, and not just for the arid West. There are 17 Western States that will be assisted by this bill, but 29 States as well as Indian Country are going to be helped, espe-cially as they try to repair their aging dams and their irrigation canals. We are finalizing Native American water rights settlements in California, Okla-homa, and Montana; doing land ex-changes; helping with forestry manage-ment in the Nevada area; giving flexi-bility for Californians under the prin-ciple that, if it is going to rain, capture the water before it is lost to the ocean; having alternative end-water develop-ment programs like desalinization. All of these are done without undermining the Endangered Species Act. I say that not as a virtue of the bill, but simply as a fact. This bill in which we find some com-promise between the Senate and the House, between Republicans and Demo-crats, is a final way of us being able to actually move forward. Let’s make sure that we take ‘‘yes’’ as an answer. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. WRDA has always been a bipartisan piece of legislation. I have always voted for WRDA. I voted for this WRDA earlier in this Congress before a 90-page poison pill, California water provision, was dropped in at the very last minute. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, I must rise today in opposition to this WRDA in its current form. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on it and force a vote on a clean WRDA so that we can have the many projects, the many ben-efits, the aid to the people of Flint, Michigan, that they so richly deserve and have waited far too long to receive. We are here, Mr. Speaker, because, unfortunately, the House Republicans have a problem with regular order. It is something that they have talked a lot about. We have heard many promises about an open legislative process, and yet here they come again with the lat-est attempt to jam through dangerous California water provisions that were crafted behind closed doors, without public review or scrutiny, and they are being thrown on the House floor lit-erally in the final hours of this Con-gress. Let’s not forget that this same last- minute, closed-door maneuver, the same water grab, nearly torpedoed last year’s must-pass spending bill. By in-sisting on this parochial poison pill, majority leadership is apparently will-ing to risk tanking the WRDA bill no matter the damage to the families of Flint who have been waiting far too long, no matter the harm to fishing communities across the West, no mat-ter how many jobs that would be cre-ated by WRDA might have to wait until the McCarthy rider is dealt with. This power play feels a lot like deja vu. Today, yet again, we are debating a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.030 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7493 December 8, 2016 
California water measure that hasn’t gone through the committee of juris-diction or received sign-off from the af-fected tribal interests, the fishing in-dustry, or State and Federal water agencies. While this Congress was never given the opportunity to receive expert testi-mony on these provisions, we do know that the Obama administration just this week announced its strong opposi-tion to the California water provisions that have been added to this bill. Sen-ator B
OXER , one of the primary authors of the WRDA bill before it was hijacked with this rider, has also called these provisions a last-minute poison pill, and she has vowed to do everything in her power to block this bill in the Sen-ate. Mr. Speaker, we have heard signifi-cant opposition to this rider from other stakeholders who have warned this Congress that thousands of fishing in-dustry jobs across the Pacific Coast will be threatened if this bill is en-acted. But I do have to hand it to my col-leagues across the aisle about one thing: they are relentless. This rider is simply the latest of many attempts to pick winners and losers during Califor-nia’s historic drought. If it is enacted, the winners in this effort will certainly be some of the most powerful, politi-cally active corporate farmers in the world. Consider one group of water stake-holders, one group of contractors in one specific region. Now, this bill may call itself a drought solution, and we may talk about many different parts of it, but tucked into the details is a con-gressionally directed 100 percent water allocation for one group of water con-tractors. That is one heck of a drought solution if you have got the political juice to get it into a bill like this. Fishery protections, meanwhile, will be gutted in order to redistribute water supplies, primarily to large industrial farms in the Central Valley. Let’s talk about the losers in this ef-fort. It is going to be pretty much ev-eryone else. The California water rider will weaken fisheries protections that support thousands of jobs in numerous industries, including commercial and recreational fishing, fish processing, restaurants, docks and harbors, boat-ing, equipment supply, and tourism. Pretty much everyone across the Pa-cific Coast who depends on healthy fisheries for their livelihoods will be hurt if this poison pill is enacted. Thousands of fishermen and their families are already hanging on by a thread right now. Because of this drought, fishery managers have se-verely restricted the commercial fish-ing season off the West Coast because of high salmon mortality in California. Last year we had a 97 percent mor-tality rate for juvenile Sacramento River winter-run salmon. The year be-fore that it was a 95 percent mortality. These are tough times for fishermen around the West. They are struggling to pay their mortgages. We have heard about boats being scrapped because the owners can’t pay mooring fees; homes are being repossessed; restaurants, ho-tels, and other retail and service busi-nesses are struggling just to scrape by. The human impact during this drought has been devastating on the many small-business owners and thou-sands of working people across Cali-fornia, Washington, and Oregon who depend on healthy fisheries. This is the worst time to weaken the thin line of protections for these fragile salmon fisheries. Yet instead of increasing pro-tections, as all the evidence tells us we need to do, this bill takes us in the op-posite direction. Now, the State of California has called for Federal drought legislation that does not favor one region or one sector of the State over another. This rider unquestionably fails that test. Mr. Speaker, this Congress can do real things to solve California’s water problems without pitting parts of the State against each other. I hope one day my House Republican colleagues will give up on the idea of jamming through dangerous, divisive measures that pit fishermen against farmers, that override the interests of the tribal community and numerous others who are suffering through California’s his-toric drought. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ), one of the leaders in this particular effort. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I first want to start off with a big thank-you to Chairman B
ISHOP for all his hard work these past 4 years—it has been with his leadership and his support that we have been able to get to this point—Chairman S
HUSTER as well, and, obviously, from California, Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY has been a big supporter. This piece of legislation is a small step in the right direction. In no way, shape, or form are we celebrating as if we have reached the finish line. What this does is it helps us give a little more flexibility so we can help those poor people in my communities, and others south of me and even just a lit-tle bit north of me, who need this help desperately. I have got people in my communities living in shantytowns, people who have lost their jobs, schools struggling, in-frastructure struggling, law enforce-ment on the verge of bankruptcy. I have got police chiefs resigning now because there are just not enough re-sources in these communities, all be-cause of bad legislation that was passed. We have had 20 years of restrictions on water. It has not helped one single species. The species are on the verge of extinction, and these policies have been place. Why not try something different? Why not try some common sense? This legislation delivers that. It does not af-fect the Endangered Species Act. It does not affect the biological opinions. All the protections are still there. It just offers a little more flexibility to our agencies so we can help these com-munities that desperately need it. If you care about the people of Cali-fornia, you will look at the big picture, you will pay attention, and you might actually even take some time and read the actual legislation. There are no handouts. This is something that actu-ally provides jobs with new dollars for infrastructure, with new dollars for re-cycling and other resources that are very important, even things that I know my friends across the aisle are supportive of, things like desaliniza-tion. I think this legislation makes a lot of sense. I would love to see some more support. I am thankful for all the sup-port I do have across the aisle, but I am hopeful for more. I look forward to this. b1200 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, my region has much of the delta; I would say most of it. I am very concerned about saltwater intru-sion with these new provisions. Salt-water is not something that you can drink. You can’t do much with it. It is a problem. It is easy to sympathize—and I do— with the farmers and communities south of the delta, but we shouldn’t just pass the problem from one region to another. We don’t need to do this. We can develop recycling. Israel re-cycles 90 percent of their water. Cali-fornia recycles 15 percent. We can cap-ture urban and suburban storm water. We can stop water leakage. We can re-duce evaporative losses. We can start groundwater banking. We can create regional self-sufficiency, which will re-duce reliance on the delta water and solve all these problems. Instead, we continue to do things the old way. A region that needs water says: Well, they’ve got water over there. We are going to get it. We are going to use our politics, our money, and we are going to get that water. Who cares what they think. Who cares what happens to them. By the way, adding flexibility to the operations of the ESA is weakening the ESA. So let’s find real solutions for every-one. Please oppose this bill. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill for Flint, Michigan. It is a good bill for WRDA projects across the country. It is a good bill for California. Everybody knows that we have experi-enced over 5 years of drought condi-tions, the driest in 1,200 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.032 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7494 December 8, 2016 
I reject the notion that somehow there is a poison pill. This is a bipar-tisan effort that Senator F
EINSTEIN , House Republicans, myself, and other Members from California have worked on for 2 years. As a matter of fact, some of the opponents of this legisla-tion have provisions in this measure that they supported and advocated Senator F
EINSTEIN insert. The Obama administration drafted environmental protections, and one of the red lines was that it would not modify or amend the Endangered Spe-cies Act, nor would it change the bio-logical opinions. Those are simply falsehoods. Falsehoods. This bill authorizes $580 million to offset for storage, recycling, and reuse and desalinization. That is very impor-tant. That is part of what the last speaker just talked about: recycling and reuse and water conservation. It also provides programs to benefit fish and wildlife. It also works within the framework of the existing biologi-cal opinions. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I reject the notion that these are poison pills. Peo-ple in my district and in their homes and my colleagues have been without water, in some cases, for 2 years. This is not like a Third World country. This is the richest country in the world, but farm communities, farmers, and farm-workers are suffering. This legislation would place a step in the right direction to provide people support to correct this broken water system that we have in California. I urge the support of this legislation not only for the people of California, but for Flint, Michigan, and the entire country. This is a bipartisan process and this legislation reflects that fact. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there is a reason that every environmental group that is en-gaged on this and the Obama adminis-tration are opposing this language. It is not harmless. It is not perfectly fine with the ESA. It is a congressional override of the scientific, peer-reviewed biological opinions that does grave harm to the ESA and sets a terrible precedent. But there are other prob-lems with the bill, as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ), my colleague and ranking member of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I re-gret that, once again, we are here today to discuss a divisive, last-minute attempt by House Republicans to jam through destructive legislation that fa-vors House Republicans’ special inter-ests, industry friends at the expense of everybody else. This week, I and nearly every one else saw for the first time a newly in-serted 100-page rider that would weak-en protections for West Coast fisheries, primarily to redirect water to large corporate farms in one section of Cali-fornia. This rider threatens the jobs of thousands of fishermen and others across the West Coast who depend on healthy fish runs for their livelihoods. My colleagues and I will be voting today, soon, on a 100-page proposal that has not been reviewed by the nu-merous affected stakeholders, the com-mittees of jurisdiction, nearly every Member of Congress, or the general public. This rider fundamentally threatens the original WRDA bill that had bipar-tisan support in the House and bi-cameral support as well. What makes things worse is this poison pill rider now jeopardizes the approval of several pending Indian water rights settle-ments that are included in the original WRDA bill. The tribes whose water set-tlements are now jeopardized by this poison pill have been waiting, in many cases, to settle their claims for decades and even more. Just one of the water settlements jeopardized by the House Republicans’ latest stunt is for the Blackfeet Na-tion. The Blackfeet Nation, as men-tioned by another colleague, has been trying for more than a century to pro-tect and secure its water rights. Fi-nally, we have a water settlement for the Blackfeet Nation that, once ap-proved by Congress, would provide funding to conduct and rehabilitate Blackfeet Nation’s water infrastruc-ture so tribal residents can finally have reliable and safe drinking water. Currently, at least 30 percent of res-ervation residents live in housing that lacks adequate plumbing or kitchen fa-cilities. For the richest country in the world, it is an embarrassment that our Native American brothers and sisters continue to live in those conditions. This Republican House has not fund-ed an Indian water rights settlement in nearly 6 years. After years of work, we are as close as we have ever been to en-acting a settlement since Democrats controlled the House. Yet, my House Republican colleagues have decided this week that doing a favor for their special interest allies is worth the risk of jeopardizing the approval of every Indian water rights settlement that is part of the original legislation. This behavior is wrong and shows that this congressional majority con-siders the needs of Indian country less important than pushing a sweetheart deal for some of the most powerful cor-porate farmers in the world. It is time for this Congress to finally pay attention, take the needs of Indian country seriously, and bring us a clean WRDA bill that has bipartisan, bi-cameral support so that we can take action, protect those Indian water rights, and deal with the very impor-tant question of Flint. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), an-other member of the California delega-tion who has been working tirelessly on this issue. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman greatly for this oppor-tunity, and all who have had a role in this; Chairman S
HUSTER as well. This is a bipartisan effort. It truly is a bi-partisan effort. I thank Senator F
EINSTEIN for com-ing forward and being a strong voice on this as well. So it is a bipartisan, bi-cameral effort. These long-term nego-tiations didn’t happen just overnight. Indeed, since it is water in California, most of this takes many years. These provisions will modernize Cali-fornia’s water supply system in the short term and invest in new infra-structure to secure the State’s eco-nomic future—a very critical one. This agreement improves water supply for all Californians. More supply helps ev-eryone, north and south, and uses the latest science to provide more water without harming wildlife in any way. It does not harm wildlife. From a northern California perspec-tive, this agreement achieves several major goals, including ironclad protec-tions of northern California water rights, improving water supply reli-ability, and authorizes construction, fi-nally, of Sites Reservoir, a key project that has been talked about for years that will help California’s future sup-ply needs. While this bill is a significant step in the right direction, it is not the be-all and end-all. It is not the comprehen-sive solution. It is a compromise. No one gets everything they want. Any honest observer will recognize that this agreement provides more water and does so without altering the Endan-gered Species Act or other environ-mental requires. It deserves your sport. Those that are opposed to it seem to be just on the fringe, far edge of the en-vironmental movement. Let’s get this done. I enjoy the fact that we have all come together, by and large, for a strong bipartisan effort. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), who is one of our subcommittee chairmen on the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I thank the chair-man for yielding. Mr. Speaker, like any compromise, I don’t like everything in this bill, but the net effect is an important step for-ward in protecting California and its environment against devastating droughts, and it protects Lake Tahoe against catastrophic wildfires. My colleague from California says the California provisions are a sudden surprise to him in this water develop-ment bill. Well, he needs to pay more attention to the business on the floor. These provisions have all been in water development bills passed by bipartisan majorities from this House over the past 6 years. If he were truly concerned about the salmon, he should be supporting this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.033 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7495 December 8, 2016 
bill. This bill encourages the fish hatcheries to produce burgeoning and abundant populations of salmon. It finally controls the nonnative predators in the delta that are, by far, the biggest single threat to salmon and smelt and other endangered species. The reservoirs are our most impor-tant defense against drought, ensuring year-round water flows. Without res-ervoirs, in a drought, the water heats to lethal temperatures and often dries up. There are no fish. In addition, this bill provides $335 million to increase our desperately needed reservoirs. It adds flexibility to management of the New Melones Res-ervoir. It streamlines water transfers to assure water can be more efficiently moved to where it is most needed. It adds strong protection to the northern California area of origin water rights, expedites approval of projects, and up-dates flood control criteria to make better use of our existing reservoirs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. One more point on our fragile environment. This bill addresses the single greatest cata-strophic threat to Lake Tahoe—cata-strophic wildfire—by expediting the re-duction of dangerous fuel loads. Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me say in conclusion that we have been talking about this issue for the last 5 years. We have had four bills that have been brought forth on this issue. We passed this one this year as well. One would assume by a lot of the dis-cussion you just heard that this is only a California issue. It is not. These pro-visions affect the entire West and en-tire Nation; 29 States. It affects my State, and I am not from California. It is important. It is based on the simple, commonsense idea that when it rains, store the water before you lose it to the ocean. That is there. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from Ducks Unlimited sup-porting this bill. I think they are going to be happy to know that I guess they are not an environmental group any-more. 
DUCKS UNLIMITED , December 6, 2016. President B
ARACK OBAMA , The White House, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. PRESIDENT : Ducks Unlimited (DU) is supportive of the Water Infrastruc-ture Improvements for the Nation (WIEN) Act. On behalf of our more than one million members and supporters nationwide, DU has worked closely with Senator Feinstein over the past two years to ensure that water and water rights critical to California’s wildlife refuges were not diminished in California Drought Legislation. We believe the drought provisions now included in the WIIN Act safeguard existing water rights and take im-portant steps toward improving the distribu-tion of water to wildlife refuges in the Cen-tral Valley. Water supply development takes a great toll on wetlands and any new water supply legislation must not further exacerbate this trend. The Central Valley Project Improve-ment Act (CVPIA) was a critical step toward mitigating the environmental damage caused by decades of large-scale water devel-opment in California. A sustainable water fu-ture requires diligent preservation of that mitigation program, plus new innovations in water supply resilience. Specifically, the bill protects water sup-plies for Central Valley Project (CVP) wild-life refuges by including refuge contractors in its water right provisions, and by ex-pressly protecting the Department of Inte-rior’s obligations under the CVPIA. It au-thorizes an additional $10 million in funding over five years to improve refuge water con-veyance infrastructure. Implementation of this bill would likely increase the reliability of refuge water supplies delivered by the De-partment of Interior through the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin Delta. It also author-izes funding for water storage projects that provide federal benefits, including wildlife refuge benefits. California annually hosts one of the great-est concentrations of migratory waterfowl in North America, serving as the wintering home to millions of waterfowl, shorebirds and other wetland-dependent species. The majority of migratory birds that frequent Alaska, Washington and Oregon spend their winters in California, especially on winter- flooded rice fields. Rice agriculture in Cali-fornia plays a crucial role in fulfilling the annual life cycle needs of numerous Pacific Flyway birds. These migratory visitors pro-vide countless hours of enjoyment to hunters and birdwatchers throughout the Pacific Flyway. As a result, migratory waterfowl are also an important economic driver across the region, especially in California. Sports-men, including waterfowlers, contribute $3.5 billion annually to California’s economy. The birds of the Pacific Flyway are a shared resource, requiring the stewardship of not only California, but of all Western states, as well as Canada and Mexico, as they migrate thousands of miles between their breeding grounds and winter homes. Please feel free to contact me with any questions regarding our assessment of the California Drought provisions in the WIIN Act and their importance to California’s wildlife refuges and the millions of birds in the Pacific Flyway that visit these wetland habitats each year. Sincerely, H. DALEHALL, Chief Executive Officer, Ducks Unlimited. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I also would like to realize that there are Native American water rights that have been included in this bill in Mon-tana, in Oklahoma, and in California, to the point that the National Congress of American Indians has also endorsed this bill, which I include in the R
ECORD . DECEMBER 7, 2016. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Re Support for S. 612—the Water Infrastruc-ture Improvements for the Nation Act D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , S
PEAKER RYAN, MINORITY LEADER REID, AND M
INORITY LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI), the United South and Eastern Tribes (USET) Sovereignty Protection Fund, and the Inter Tribal Association of Arizona (ITAA), we write to urge this Congress to pass S. 612—the Water Infrastructure Im-provements for the Nation Act (WIIN Act). The WIIN Act contains many provisions that will benefit Indian Country’s water infra-structure, provide access to clean drinking water and improvements to waste water sys-tems, settle several Tribal water rights claims, and provide parity for Tribal Nations in water resources development projects. First, S. 612 enhances the ability of Tribal Nations to address water infrastructure projects that benefit their citizens. Tide I of the Act amends Section 1156 of the Water Re-sources Development Act making Tribes eli-gible for the cost sharing waiver for water resources development projects, and extends this waiver to Tribes for assistance with water planning. Tribes can also request fea-sibility studies on water resources develop-ment projects and enter into partnerships and cooperative agreements with the Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) regarding water resources data. Further, Alaska Native Vil-lages, Regional Corporations, and Village Corporations will be able to enter into agree-ments to construct water projects. With the recent national focus on tribal concerns regarding the infrastructure per-mitting process at the Corps, the WIIN Act allows for a full review of the Corps’ proce-dures. The bill requires the Corps to conduct tribal consultations and issue a report to Congress within 1 year on how its existing policies, regulations, and guidance related to tribal consultation on water resources devel-opment projects, or activities requiring the issuance of a permit, many have an impact on tribal cultural or natural resources. Title I also repatriates the remains of the Ancient One (Kennewick Man) back to the Tribes who have claimed him so he can be re-spectfully treated and properly buried pursu-ant to traditional practices. The Ancient One’s repatriation is a longstanding request from Indian Country and will put an end to the disrespectful treatment of his ancestral remains and allow for healing to begin. Further, several sections of Title II of S. 612 allow Tribal Nations to build technical capacity and self-sufficiency in admin-istering water programs and projects. The legislation amends the Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) to ensure the availability of funding for Tribal water and waste water op-erator training and certification programs for Tribal organizations and Tribal con-sortia, which already have provided over 2,500 certifications to personnel employed by approximately 115 Tribal Nations. It also creates a new section in SDWA to provide as-sistance to small and disadvantaged commu-nities to prioritize projects in consultation with Tribes, States, and local governments. Additionally, S. 612 recognizes the out-standing maintenance and repair needs for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.034 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7496 December 8, 2016 
existing water infrastructure projects in In-dian Country. Title III contains a provision on Indian dams, based on S. 2717—the DRIFT Act, which addresses the deferred mainte-nance needs of Bureau of Indian Affairs dams, reforms the Corps’ Tribal Partnership Program to pay for feasibility studies for flood mitigation and prevention in Indian Country, and creates a Tribal Safety of Dams Committee. This Title also provides for the much needed repair, replacement, and maintenance of back logged Indian irriga-tion programs in the west by creating an In-dian Irrigation Fund at the Bureau of Rec-lamation based on S. 438—the IRRIGATE Act. The WIIN Act will also finalize water rights settlements for the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians, Blackfeet Nation, the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma and the Chickasaw Nation, and amendment to the San Luis Rey Band of Mission Indians’ water settlement. Moreover, it takes land into trust for the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk In-dians, Tule River Indian Tribe, and ex-changes land for the Morongo Band of Mis-sion Indians. Finally, S. 612 contains a mech-anism for the Environmental Protection Agency to reimburse costs incurred by Tribes, States, and local governments after the Gold King Mine spill in August of 2015. While these are just selected highlights from the legislation, the WIIN Act takes great steps towards improving water infra-structure programs and development in In-dian Country. NCAI, USET Sovereignty Pro-tection Fund, and ITAA strongly urge you to consider and pass S. 612 in the last legisla-tive days of the 114th Congress to resolve many important water-related concerns of Tribal Nations. If you have any questions, please contact Colby Duren, NCAI Staff At-torney & Legislative Counsel. Sincerely, B
RIAN CLADOOSBY , President, National Congress of Amer-ican Indians. K
IRKFRANCIS , President, United South and Eastern Tribes Sovereignty Protection Fund. S
HANLEWIS, President, Inter Tribal Association of Ari-zona, Vice-Chair-man, Fort Mojave Indian Tribe. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, these things are important, but the goal right here is to realize we are not after fear-mongering. We are after ways we can actually help people. That is the goal. Help our communities. That has to take place. I am appreciative that the senior Senator from California, D
IANNE FEIN-
STEIN , a Democrat, as well as the ma-jority leader in the House, Mr. M
CCAR-
THY, a Republican, have all agreed on this package. We are the States where all of a sud-den, in a bipartisan and bicameral way, we have found a solution to move us forward. That is why I am saying, when the answer is yes, let’s take yes. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this provision, vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. It moves us forward. It is not a solution that is perfect, but it moves us forward in a way we haven’t been able to do in the last dec-ade. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 612, that reauthorizes the Water Resource Development Act. WRDA is once again a bipartisan bill with broad sup-port. This bill protects and develops our com-munities and our waterways. As one of many members who represent a major port, I know firsthand that ports are enormous economic engines for growth. The Port of Houston has allowed Houston and Harris County to be the energy capital of the world. The jobs and economic growth, in-cluding refining and manufacturing, associated with the Port are a driver for the entire region. This WRDA bill provides essential federal support for the Houston Ship Channel dredg-ing to 50 feet which will allow for larger, deep-er draft ships that will increase trade at Amer-ica’s second busiest port. The bill also mod-ernizes how partners can work with the Army Corps of Engineers to develop projects for local and national benefit as we move forward. Additionally, flood control projects in this bill preserve our communities that are facing in-creased hazards from record rainfall and rising sea levels. The support for the Brays Bayou project will help shield areas that have been devastated by deadly flooding earlier this year. I am proud to support a bipartisan bill that both supports our economic development and protects our vulnerable communities. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 612, the ‘‘Water Infrastructure Improvement Act,’’ as amended, which author-izes variety of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers water resources development projects, feasi-bility studies, and relationships with nonfederal project sponsors. I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for their work in shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their com-mitment to addressing the needs of America’s harbors, locks, dams, flood protection, and other water resources infrastructure critical to the nation’s health, economic competitiveness and growth. I am pleased that the bill before us provides authorization for several water projects critical to my State of Texas: 1. Brazos River, Fort Bend County, Texas.—Project for flood damage reduction in the vicinity of the Brazos River, Fort Bend County, Texas. 2. Chacon Creek, City of Laredo, Texas.— Project for flood damage reduction, ecosystem restoration, and recreation, Chacon Creek, city of Laredo, Texas. 3. Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Texas.— Project for navigation, Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Texas. 4. City of El Paso, Texas.—Project for flood damage reduction, city of El Paso, Texas. 5. Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, Brazoria and Matagorda Counties, Texas.—Project for navi-gation and hurricane and storm damage re-duction, Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, Brazoria and Matagorda Counties, Texas. 6. Port of Bay City, Texas.—Project for navi-gation, Port of Bay City, Texas. Additionally, the bill includes changes to the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Solid Waste Disposal Act to help communities, particularly economically distressed ones, pursue better quality drinking water and obtain certainty for protecting a community’s economic, environ-mental, and public health well-being in the fol-lowing ways: 1. Empowers small and economically dis-advantaged communities to improve their drinking water services; 2. Equips communities with programs and activities to reduce concentrations of lead in drinking water, including the replacement of lead service lines; 3. Empowers states and provides flexibility to incorporate underserved communities that have inadequate drinking water systems, and aids smaller, lower-income communities, tribes, and states in water quality testing and general compliance with Safe Drinking Water Act requirements; 4. Benefits communities by requiring public water systems to notify customers if the utility is exceeding federal drinking water lead action levels, similar to H.R. 4470 which passed the House 416–2; 5. Creates a voluntary program for testing for lead in school and childcare center drinking water; 6. Promotes transparency and accountability by creating a clearinghouse of public informa-tion on the cost-effectiveness of alternative drinking water delivery systems, including sys-tems that are supported by wells; and 7. Authorizes research on innovative water technologies, including those that identify and mitigate sources of drinking water contamina-tion and improve compliance with the Safe Drinking Water Act. Mr. Speaker, I am also very pleased that the bill before us addresses the need of fund-ing that Flint, Michigan has been experiencing, authorizing $170,000,000 to be used to repair or replace private infrastructure in commu-nities that the President has declared to be in an emergency. For the past two years, Flint, Michigan has lived in a state of fear, having to drink from bottles of filtered water in order to completely avoid lead poisoning and contamination. Citizens of Flint, Michigan had to abandon their homes and the residents had to be com-pensated for their property as well as be pro-vided for regarding current and future health conditions that arise from the contamination by polluted water. Wired Magazine estimated that most of the corroded pipes in Flint—20,000 to 25,000 in total—are one inch in diameter, and connect homes to the larger, main pipes running under the middles of streets. The project of replacing all lead pipes will need a city-wide lead pipe map. The water pipes are buried at a depth of 3.5 feet to put them below the frost line, and will need to be extracted. The Michigan’s state report produced in September 2015 on replacing all lead pipes in the city of Flint places the per-household cost at between $2–8,000. The report estimates that it would take fif-teen year to completely replace lead pipes at an estimated cost of $ 60 million. Flint Mayor Karen Weaver announced that her goal would be to replace 13,000 lead pipes at a cost of $2–3,000 for each pipe for a total of about $42 million. No one knows the reality of undertaking a massive effort such as what will be needed, so the cost could easily be much higher than estimates. Flint cannot be another Katrina where the poor, people of color and marginalized are shutout of jobs as well as the political and de-cision making processes regarding their homes, neighborhoods or city. Replacing the lead pipes of Flint, must in-clude the cost of repairing homes that will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.023 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7497 December 8, 2016 
damaged to access the pipes; repaving drive-ways, or re-sodding lawns that are dug up to get to pipes, and restoring sidewalks that are damaged to access pipe. These costs can easily put another $40–50 million in addition cost to lead pipe replace-ment. Further, the current and long term health ef-fects on residents must be addressed. These massive costs that Flint will incur cannot be placed on the shoulders of Michi-gan alone. We will continue to work to help the people of Flint, Michigan in order to restore them to health and bring them out of this crisis. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. b1215 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. I am opposed to it in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania moves to recommit the bill S. 612 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amend-ment: In section 2113, in the matter proposed to be inserted into section 1452(a) of the Safe Drinking Water Act as paragraph (4)(a), strike ‘‘During fiscal year 2017, funds’’ and insert ’’Funds’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes in support of his motion. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this motion to recommit in order to significantly improve this bill by re-storing the bipartisan Buy American language that was inextricably stripped over the last 3 days. The WIIN Act provides important funding for ports, harbors, and water-ways around the country. I think infra-structure issues like this bill should be something we can all agree on. In fact, they have been historically bipartisan. Then again, I also think that support for hardworking Americans should also be bipartisan. I was disappointed that my bipartisan amendment, offered by myself and my good friend from North Carolina, Representative WALTER  J
ONES , was rejected yesterday at the Rules Committee by a party-line vote. Our amendment would have made the Buy American provisions for EPA’s Drinking Water State Revolving Fund permanent, matching all other clean water programs and all other Federal infrastructure programs. I want to re-emphasize that. Every other program, Federal infrastructure programs, clean water programs, have permanent Buy American provisions. So the question is: Why does this bill just have a 1-year provision? If you don’t think that sends a signal to China that 1 year from today they can start dumping steel over in the United States and undercutting our steel industry and our steelworkers, then you are not living on the same planet that I am. The Senate passed their bill, includ-ing language making the Buy Amer-ican requirement for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund perma-nent, with an overwhelming bipartisan vote, 95–3. House Republican leadership, for some unexplained reason, replaced this bipartisan Senate language with a 1- year extension at the last minute. I don’t understand why we would do this, why we would undercut the American steel industry; but I believe that their actions send a clear message to those folks in the steel mills around our country that we don’t have their back. These hardworking Americans de-pend on manufacturing jobs to support their families, and they have suffered because of Chinese steel dumped in our markets. U.S. steel mills have closed. American steelworkers have lost their jobs, and others have had their hours cut. This is personal to me. My father supported our family working in a steel mill, just like his father before him. They supported their families through these tough, dangerous jobs, like mil-lions around the country. There is dig-nity in that work, and we need to make sure that Congress doesn’t kill that dignity, along with the kind of jobs Americans can support a family on. U.S. tax dollars should support American manufacturers and help pre-serve hardworking families across this Nation. I think these workers and their families deserve more certainty and more support. President-elect Trump said just last week: ‘‘We have two simple rules when it comes to this massive rebuilding ef-fort: Buy American and hire Amer-ican.’’ Now, the President-elect and I may be from different parties, but we cer-tainly agree on that. I have had Members from both sides of the aisle come up to me and say that they support our amendment, and that they would vote for it on the floor. Members on both sides of the aisle at Rules spoke in favor of this amend-ment. Well, we didn’t get the vote we want-ed out of the Rules Committee, but, colleagues, this is our chance to send a message and tell the American workers and American manufacturers that we have got their back by passing this mo-tion to recommit. It just does one simple thing. It changes this 1-year provision to perma-nent, just like the Senate bill that got sent down here and every other infra-structure bill that we do in this coun-try. Colleagues, let’s not send the signal to China that America is open for them to dump their steel and put our compa-nies and our workers out of jobs. Let’s tell American companies and American workers that this Congress has their back. Vote for this motion to recommit and let’s stick up for the American worker and our American manufactur-ers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from western Pennsyl-vania. I support Buy American provi-sions, and, of course, as he mentioned, there is a 1-year provision in this. I just disagree—this is not the process for doing this moving forward. I believe it will kill the bill. This is a good bill. It was carefully negotiated with our counterparts in the Senate and both sides of the aisle. It represents a lot of—months and months of hard work. First, the bill will create jobs. It keeps American jobs in America by strengthening or competitiveness and grows our economy, and it will be in-cluding American steel in it. Second, it is a fiscally responsible bill. We fully offset it. It reduces a def-icit by a half a billion dollars. Finally, it reasserts congressional authority by restoring the 2-year cycle of considering WRDA bills. It returns us to regular order, preventing unelected bureaucrats from making de-cisions on our Nation’s water infra-structure. So stopping the bill now, I don’t think, is the right thing to do. Let’s pass it. Let’s continue to work to-gether to get strong, Buy American provisions as we move forward, which is something I do support. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote at this time. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.018 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7498 December 8, 2016 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 949, I call up the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ment. Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be ex-pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic infor-mation pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, design work, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, and aquatic eco-system restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects, and related efforts; and for miscella-neous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construc-tion, $126,522,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, and aquatic eco-system restoration projects, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed stud-ies, design work, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving par-ticipation by States, local governments, or pri-vate groups) authorized or made eligible for se-lection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $1,813,649,000, to remain available until ex-pended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided, That funds made available under this heading for shore protection may be prioritized for projects in areas that have suf-fered severe beach erosion requiring additional sand placement outside of the normal beach re-nourishment cycle or in which the normal beach renourishment cycle has been delayed. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage re-duction projects and related efforts in the Mis-sissippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $368,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and har-bor, flood and storm damage reduction, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and re-lated projects authorized by law; providing se-curity for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative buildings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other pub-lic agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and north-western lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing ob-structions to navigation, $3,173,829,000, to re-main available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as be-come available from the special account for the Army Corps of Engineers established by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and mainte-nance activities related to resource protection in the areas managed by the Army Corps of Engi-neers at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged mate-rial disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field op-erating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appro-priate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall al-locate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided herein, for any Corps of Engineers project located in a State in which a Bureau of Reclamation project is also located, any non- Federal project regulated for flood control by the Secretary of the Army located in a State in which a Bureau of Reclamation project is also located, or any Bureau of Reclamation facilities regulated for flood control by the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Army shall fund all or a portion of the costs to review or revise operational documents, including water control plans, water control manuals, water control dia-grams, release schedules, rule curves, oper-ational agreements with non-Federal entities, and any associated environmental documenta-tion. REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up contami-nation from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $103,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and sup-port emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as au-thorized by law, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the Army Corps of Engineers head-quarters and the division offices; and for costs allocable to the civil works program of manage-ment and operation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Re-search and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center, $180,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which not more than $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other ap-propriation provided in this title shall be avail-able to fund such activities in the Army Corps of Engineers headquarters and division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general administra-tion of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in title I of this Act, or provided by previous appro-priations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title I of this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2017, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any pro-gram, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity for a different purpose, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (5) augments or reduces existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of the amounts contained in paragraphs (6) through (10), unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (6) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—For a base level over $100,000, reprogramming of 25 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $150,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Provided, That for a base level less than $100,000, the reprogram-ming limit is $25,000: Provided further, That up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.040 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7499 December 8, 2016 
to $25,000 may be reprogrammed into any con-tinuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and con-comitant administrative expenses; (7) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For a base level over $2,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $3,000,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Provided, That for a base level less than $2,000,000, the re-programming limit is $300,000: Provided further, That up to $3,000,000 may be reprogrammed for settled contractor claims, changed conditions, or real estate deficiency judgments: Provided fur-ther, That up to $300,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obliga-tions and concomitant administrative expenses; (8) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE .—Unlimited reprogramming authority is granted for the Corps to be able to respond to emergencies: Pro-vided, That the Chief of Engineers shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions of these emergency actions as soon there-after as practicable: Provided further, That for a base level over $1,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $5,000,000 per project, study, or activity is al-lowed: Provided further, That for a base level less than $1,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $150,000: Provided further, That $150,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or ac-tivity that did not receive an appropriation; (9) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES .—The reprogramming guidelines in paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) shall apply to the Investigations, Con-struction, and Operation and Maintenance por-tions of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Account, respectively; and (10) F
ORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL AC -
TION PROGRAM .—Reprogramming of up to 15 percent of the base of the receiving project is permitted. (b) D
EMINIMUS REPROGRAMMINGS .—In no case should a reprogramming for less than $50,000 be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. (c) C
ONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM .—Sub- section (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity funded under the continuing authori-ties program. (d) Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations to establish the baseline for ap-plication of reprogramming and transfer au-thorities for the current fiscal year which shall include: (1) A table for each appropriation with a sep-arate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjust-ments due to enacted rescissions, if applicable, and the fiscal year enacted level; and (2) A delineation in the table for each appro-priation both by object class and program, project and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appropriations; and (3) An identification of items of special con-gressional interest. (e) The Secretary shall allocate funds made available in this Act solely in accordance with the provisions of this Act and the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, including the determination and designa-tion of new starts. (f) None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any con-tract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activ-ity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursu-ant to section 101. S
EC. 102. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers civil works projects. SEC. 103. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act making appropriations for Energy and Water Development for any fiscal year may be used by the Corps of Engineers dur-ing the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, to develop, adopt, implement, administer, or en-force any change to the regulations in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). S
EC. 104. None of the funds provided in this act may be used for open lake disposal of dredged sediment in Lake Erie unless such dis-posal meets water and environmental standards agreed to by the administrator of a State’s water permitting agency and is consistent with a State’s Coastal Zone Management Plan. If this standard is not met, the Corps of Engineers will maintain its long-standing funding obligations for upland placement of dredged material with cost sharing as specified in section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986, Pub-lic Law 99–662, as amended by section 201 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1196, Pub-lic Law 104–303 (33 U.S.C. 2211) and section 217(d) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996, Public Law 104–303, as amended by sec-tion 2005 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007, Public Law 110–300 (33 U.S.C. 2326a(d)). S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available by this title may be used for any acquisition that is not consistent with section 225.7007 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 106. Of the amounts made available under this title for operation and maintenance, $2,000,000 shall be available for Upper Missouri River Basin flood and drought monitoring under section 4003(a) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 121; 128 Stat. 1310). S
EC. 107. Section 2006 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2242) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by inserting ‘‘in which the project is located or of a community that is located in the region that is served by the project and that will rely on the project’’ after ‘‘community’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or of a community that is located in the region to be served by the project and that will rely on the project’’ after ‘‘community’’; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘local popu-lation’’ and inserting ‘‘regional population to be served by the project’’; and (C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘commu-nity’’ and inserting ‘‘local community or to a community that is located in the region to be served by the project and that will rely on the project’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $1,300,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Miti-gation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this head-ing, $1,350,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for expenses necessary in carrying out related responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, of the amount made available to the Com-mission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and restora-tion of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Ameri-cans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,114,394,000, to remain available until expended, of which $158,841,000 shall be avail-able for additional funding for work and are authorized to be used consistent with activities described in the Commissioner’s transmittal to Congress dated February 8, 2016; $22,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be avail-able for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be increased or de-creased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee ac-count established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be de-rived from that Fund or account: Provided fur-ther, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the pur-poses for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same pur-poses as the sums appropriated under this head-ing: Provided further, That of the amounts pro-vided herein, funds may be used for high-pri-ority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and ac-quisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $55,606,000, to be de-rived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursu-ant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Rec-lamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and res-toration payments authorized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leas-ing of water for in-stream purposes if the water is already committed to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $36,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Fed-eral agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided fur-ther, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, administra-tion, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.020 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7500 December 8, 2016 
the five regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2018, $59,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclamation shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for re-placement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in title II of this Act for Water and Related Re-sources, or provided by previous or subsequent appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title II of this Act for Water and Re-lated Resources that remain available for obliga-tion or expenditure in fiscal year 2017, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) initiates or creates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity unless the program, project or activity has re-ceived no appropriated funding for at least five fiscal years; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (5) transfers funds in excess of the following limits, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (A) 15 percent for any program, project or ac-tivity for which $2,000,000 or more is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or activ-ity for which less than $2,000,000 is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Re-habilitation category or the Resources Manage-ment and Development category to any pro-gram, project, or activity in the other category, unless prior approval is received from the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation, more than $5,000,000 to provide adequate funds for settled contractor claims, increased con-tractor earnings due to accelerated rates of op-erations, and real estate deficiency judgments, unless prior approval is received from the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. (c) For purposes of this section, the term transfer means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall submit reports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate detailing all the funds re-programmed between programs, projects, activi-ties, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of discharge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the State of California of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of California as approved by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joa-quin Valley Drainage Program shall be classi-fied by the Secretary of the Interior as reimburs-able or nonreimbursable and collected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Pro-gram—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ de-scribed in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Re-port, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, Feb-ruary 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future ob-ligations of funds by the United States relating to, or providing for, drainage service or drain-age studies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reimbursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal rec-lamation law. SEC. 203. Title I of Public Law 108–361 (the Calfed Bay-Delta Authorization Act) (118 Stat. 1681), as amended by section 210 of Public Law 111–85, is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019’’. S
EC. 204. Section 9504(e) of the Secure Water Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 10364(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘$350,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$450,000,000, on the condition that of that amount, $50,000,000 is used to carry out section 206 of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113–235)’’. S
EC. 205. Section 205 of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2242), is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘feasibility studies described in clauses (i)(II) and (ii)(I)’’ and inserting ‘‘feasi-bility study described in clause (i)(II)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such studies’’ and inserting ‘‘such study’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) not later than November 30, 2017, com-plete and submit to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate the feasibility study described in section 103(d)(1)(A)(ii)(I) of the Calfed Bay-Delta Au-thorization Act (Public Law 108–361; 118 Stat. 1684);’’. S
EC. 206. (a) The Secretary of the Interior, in coordination with the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of Agriculture, may enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the National Academy of Sciences shall conduct a comprehensive study, to be completed not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, on the effective-ness and environmental impact of salt cedar control efforts (including biological control) in increasing water supplies, restoring riparian habitat, and improving flood management. (b) Not later than 1 year after the date of com-pletion of the study under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior, in coordination with the Secretary of Agriculture, may prepare a plan for the removal of salt cedar from all Fed-eral land in the Lower Colorado River basin based on the findings and recommendations of the study conducted by the National Academy of Sciences that includes— (1) provisions for revegetating Federal land with native vegetation; (2) provisions for adapting to the increasing presence of biological control in the Lower Colo-rado River basin; (3) provisions for removing salt cedar from Federal land during post-wildfire recovery ac-tivities; (4) strategies for developing partnerships with State, tribal, and local governmental entities in the eradication of salt cedar; and (5) budget estimates and completion timelines for the implementation of plan elements. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for energy efficiency and re-newable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, $2,073,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $153,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction: Provided fur-ther, That of such amount $220,600,000 shall be available for the Weatherization Assistance Pro-gram, of which $6,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the amount otherwise available for Building Technologies: Provided further, That of such amount, $95,400,000 shall be available for wind energy. E
LECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  R
ELIABILITY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for electricity delivery and en-ergy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, $206,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $28,500,000 shall be avail-able until September 30, 2018, for program direc-tion. N
UCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expan-sion, and the purchase of no more than three emergency service vehicles for replacement only, $1,057,903,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, the Secretary of Energy may obligate up to $10,000,000 under existing authorities, for con-tracting for the management of used nuclear fuel to which the Secretary holds the title or has a contract to accept title: Provided further, That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. F
OSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out fossil energy research and devel-opment activities, under the authority of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defeasible and equitable in-terests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition or expansion, and for conducting inquiries, technological inves-tigations and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and en-vironmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $632,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount made available under this heading in this Act, $60,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for pro-gram direction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.020 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7501 December 8, 2016 
NAVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale re-serve activities, $14,950,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activi-ties. S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facility develop-ment and operations and program management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $200,000,000, to remain available until expended. Provided, That as authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74), the Secretary of the Department of En-ergy shall drawdown and sell not to exceed $375,400,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve in fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the Energy Se-curity and Infrastructure Modernization Fund during fiscal year 2017 and shall remain avail-able until expended for necessary expenses in carrying out construction, operations, mainte-nance, repair, and replacement activities of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. N
ORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $6,500,000, to remain avail-able until expended. E
NERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities of the Energy In-formation Administration, $122,000,000, to re-main available until expended. N
ON-DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense environmental clean-up activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facil-ity or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $255,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended. U
RANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  D
ECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility de-contamination and decommissioning, remedial actions, and other activities of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $717,741,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment De-contamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $30,000,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. S
CIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for science activities in car-rying out the purposes of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or facility or for plant or fa-cility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 17 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambulance and one bus, $5,400,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $191,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY — E
NERGY  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities authorized by sec-tion 5012 of the America COMPETES Act (Pub-lic Law 110–69), $325,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $29,250,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. O
FFICE OF INDIAN ENERGY  For necessary expenses for Indian Energy ac-tivities in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated under this heading, $4,800,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. T
RIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For the cost of loan guarantees provided under section 2602(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(c)), $8,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the cost of those loan guarantees (including the costs of modifying loans, as applicable) shall be determined in accordance with section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 661a): Provided further, That, for necessary ad-ministrative expenses to carry out that program, $500,000 is appropriated, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That, of the subsidy amounts provided by section 1425 of the Department of Defense and Full-Year Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 126), for the cost of loan guar-antees for renewable energy or efficient end-use energy technologies under section 1703 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16513), $9,000,000 is permanently canceled. T
ITLE17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN G
UARANTEE PROGRAM  Such sums as are derived from amounts re-ceived from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $37,000,000 is ap-propriated from fees collected in prior years pur-suant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 which are not otherwise appro-priated, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That if the amount in the previous proviso is not available from such fees, an amount for such purposes is also appro-priated from the general fund so as to result in a total amount appropriated for such purpose of no more than $37,000,000: Provided further, That fees collected pursuant to such section 1702(h) for fiscal year 2017 shall be credited as offsetting collections under this heading and shall not be available until appropriated: Pro-vided further, That the Department of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in violation of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. A
DVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  M
ANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative ex-penses necessary in carrying out the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Pro-gram, $5,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Department of Energy necessary for departmental adminis-tration in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $232,142,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as nec-essary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwith-standing the provisions of the Anti-Deficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Pro-vided further, That moneys received by the De-partment for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $103,000,000 in fiscal year 2017 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provi-sions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropria-tion from the general fund estimated at not more than $129,142,000. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $44,424,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION W
EAPONS ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other inci-dental expenses necessary for atomic energy de-fense weapons activities in carrying out the pur-poses of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acqui-sition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $9,285,147,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $106,600,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other inci-dental expenses necessary for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, $1,821,916,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
AVAL REACTORS  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for naval reactors activities to carry out the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition (by pur-chase, condemnation, construction, or other-wise) of real property, plant, and capital equip-ment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,351,520,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $47,100,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. F
EDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Salaries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $408,603,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, including official re-ception and representation expenses not to ex-ceed $12,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES D
EFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environ-mental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.020 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7502 December 8, 2016 
acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, and the pur-chase of not to exceed one fire apparatus pump-er truck, one aerial lift truck, one refuse truck, and one semi-truck for replacement only, $5,379,018,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount $290,050,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. D
EFENSE URANIUM ENRICHMENT  D
ECONTAMINATION AND DECOMMISSIONING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities for De-partment of Energy contributions for uranium enrichment decontamination and decommis-sioning activities, $717,741,000, to be deposited into the Defense Environmental Cleanup ac-count which shall be transferred to the ‘‘Ura-nium Enrichment Decontamination and Decom-missioning Fund’’. O
THER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other ex-penses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classified activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expan-sion, $791,552,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $258,061,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS B
ONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Ad-ministration Fund, established pursuant to Pub-lic Law 93–454, are approved for official recep-tion and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fis-cal year 2017, no new direct loan obligations may be made. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, in-cluding transmission wheeling and ancillary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $1,000,000, includ-ing official reception and representation ex-penses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $1,000,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Adminis-tration from the sale of power and related serv-ices shall be credited to this account as discre-tionary offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of fund-ing the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual ex-penses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That not-withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $60,760,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Adminis-tration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling ex-penses shall be credited to this account as off-setting collections, to remain available until ex-pended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided fur-ther, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHWESTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of transmission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including offi-cial reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out sec-tion 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Ad-ministration, $45,643,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $34,586,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Adminis-tration from the sale of power and related serv-ices shall be credited to this account as discre-tionary offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the South-western Power Administration: Provided fur-ther, That the sum herein appropriated for an-nual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,057,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $73,000,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this ac-count as offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). C
ONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , W ESTERN AREA POWER  A
DMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of Au-gust 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other related activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $307,144,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended, of which $299,742,000 shall be derived from the Depart-ment of the Interior Reclamation Fund: Pro-vided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, sec-tion 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and section 1 of the Interior Department Appropriation Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $211,563,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and re-lated services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Western Area Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $95,581,000, of which $88,179,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $367,009,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this ac-count as offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). FALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  M
AINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emergency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Fal-con and Amistad Dams, $4,070,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Mainte-nance Fund of the Western Area Power Admin-istration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That not-withstanding the provisions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $3,838,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Fal-con and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associ-ated Western Area Power Administration activi-ties: Provided further, That the sum herein ap-propriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appro-priation estimated at not more than $232,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may ac-cept up to $323,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the pur-pose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided further, That any such funds shall be available without further appro-priation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commissioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission for the sole purpose of oper-ating, maintaining, repairing, rehabilitating, re-placing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Commis-sioner, and the power customers. F
EDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provi-sions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $346,800,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, not to exceed $346,800,000 of reve-nues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and used for expenses necessary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund esti-mated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or au-thority made available by this title for the De-partment of Energy shall be used to initiate or resume any program, project, or activity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (including Requests for Quotations, Requests for Information, and Funding Opportunity Announcements) for a program, project, or activity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Con-gress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.020 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7503 December 8, 2016 
Houses of Congress at least 3 full business days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an alloca-tion, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated, the ac-count and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief description of the activ-ity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or activity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Department of En-ergy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agree-ment is funded for the full period of perform-ance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agree-ment includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 days in ad-vance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Final Bill’’ column in the ‘‘Department of Energy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of Energy’’ in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accom-panying this Act. (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to in-crease or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time pe-riod covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a program, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any pro-gram, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this section that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or restriction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environ-ment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a require-ment or restriction would otherwise have ap-plied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior appro-priations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally en-acted. S
EC. 302. (a) Unobligated balances available from appropriations are hereby permanently re-scinded from the following accounts of the De-partment of Energy in the specified amounts: (1) ‘‘Atomic Energy Defense Activities—Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration—Weap-ons Activities’’, $50,400,000. (2) ‘‘Atomic Energy Defense Activities—Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration—De-fense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’, $14,000,000. (3) ‘‘Energy Program—Fossil Energy Research and Development’’, $240,000,000. (4) ‘‘Energy Program—Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program’’, $9,500,000. (5) ‘‘Energy Program—Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy’’, $20,600,000. (6) ‘‘Energy Program—Nuclear Energy’’, $231,000. (7) ‘‘Energy Program—Strategic Petroleum Re-serve’’, $150,000. (8) ‘‘Energy Program—Naval Petroleum and Oil Shale Reserves’’, $150,000. (9) ‘‘Energy Program—Science’’, $1,700,000. (b) No amounts may be rescinded by this sec-tion from amounts that were designated by Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Con-trol Act of 1985. S
EC. 303. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Con-gress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fis-cal year 2017 until the enactment of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 304. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construction of fa-cilities classified as high-hazard nuclear facili-ties under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enter-prise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. S
EC. 305. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical deci-sion-2 or critical decision-3 under Department of Energy Order 413.3B, or any successive depart-mental guidance, for construction projects where the total project cost exceeds $100,000,000, until a separate independent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. S
EC. 306. (a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
FFECTED INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘af-fected Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). (2) H
IGH-LEVEL RADIOACTIVE WASTE .—The term ‘‘high-level radioactive waste’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Nu-clear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). (3) N
UCLEAR WASTE FUND .—The term ‘‘Nuclear Waste Fund’’ means the Nuclear Waste Fund established under section 302(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(c)). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (5) S
PENT NUCLEAR FUEL .—The term ‘‘spent nuclear fuel’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). (b) PILOT PROGRAM .—Notwithstanding any provision of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.), the Secretary is authorized, in the current fiscal year and subse-quent fiscal years, to conduct a pilot program, through 1 or more private sector partners, to li-cense, construct, and operate 1 or more govern-ment or privately owned consolidated storage facilities to provide interim storage as needed for spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste, with priority for storage given to spent nuclear fuel located on sites without an oper-ating nuclear reactor. (c) R
EQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for cooperative agreements— (1) to obtain any license necessary from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the con-struction of 1 or more consolidated storage fa-cilities; (2) to demonstrate the safe transportation of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste, as applicable; and (3) to demonstrate the safe storage of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste, as applicable, at the 1 or more consolidated stor-age facilities pending the construction and oper-ation of deep geologic disposal capacity for the permanent disposal of the spent nuclear fuel. (d) C
ONSENT -BASED APPROVAL .—Prior to siting a consolidated storage facility pursuant to this section, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement to host the facility with— (1) the Governor of the State; (2) each unit of local government within the jurisdiction of which the facility is proposed to be located; and (3) each affected Indian tribe. (e) A
PPLICABILITY .—In executing this section, the Secretary shall comply with— (1) all licensing requirements and regulations of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; and (2) all other applicable laws (including regula-tions). (f) P
ILOT PROGRAM PLAN.—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary issues the request for proposals under subsection (c), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a plan to carry out this section that includes— (1) an estimate of the cost of licensing, con-structing, and operating a consolidated storage facility, including the transportation costs, on an annual basis, over the expected lifetime of the facility; (2) a schedule for— (A) obtaining any license necessary to con-struct and operate a consolidated storage facil-ity from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; (B) constructing the facility; (C) transporting spent fuel to the facility; and (D) removing the spent fuel and decommis-sioning the facility; and (3) an estimate of the cost of any financial as-sistance, compensation, or incentives proposed to be paid to the host State, Indian tribe, or local government; (4) an estimate of any future reductions in the damages expected to be paid by the United States for the delay of the Department of En-ergy in accepting spent fuel expected to result from the pilot program; (5) recommendations for any additional legis-lation needed to authorize and implement the pilot program; and (6) recommendations for a mechanism to en-sure that any spent nuclear fuel or high-level radioactive waste stored at a consolidated stor-age facility pursuant to this section shall move to deep geologic disposal capacity, following a consent-based approval process for that deep geologic disposal capacity consistent with sub-section (d), within a reasonable time after the issuance of a license to construct and operate the consolidated storage facility. (g) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Prior to choosing a site for the construction of a consolidated stor-age facility under this section, the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.020 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7504 December 8, 2016 
shall conduct 1 or more public hearings in the vicinity of each potential site and in at least 1 other location within the State in which the site is located to solicit public comments and rec-ommendations. (h) U
SE OF NUCLEAR WASTE FUND.—The Sec- retary may make expenditures from the Nuclear Waste Fund to carry out this section, subject to appropriations. S
EC. 307. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report that— (1) examines the use of a provision described in subsection (b) in any power contracts of the Western Area Power Administration that were executed before or on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) explains the circumstances for not includ-ing a provision described in subsection (b) in power contracts of the Western Area Power Ad-ministration executed before or on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) A provision referred to in subsection (a) is a termination clause described in section 11 of the general power contract provisions of the Western Power Administration, effective Sep-tember 1, 2007. TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
PPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the pro-grams authorized by the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, and for expenses nec-essary for the Federal Co-Chairman and the Al-ternate on the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $151,000,000, to remain available until expended. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out ac-tivities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100–456, section 1441, $31,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. D
ELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Regional Authority and to carry out its activities, as au-thorized by the Delta Regional Authority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382C(b)(2), 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $25,000,000, to remain available until expended. D
ENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Com-mission including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment as necessary and other expenses, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwith-standing the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for con-struction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed com-munities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106–113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed communities: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding payment of a non- Federal share in connection with a grant-in-aid program, amounts under this heading shall be available for the payment of such a non-Federal share for programs undertaken to carry out the purposes of the Commission. N
ORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Bor-der Regional Commission in carrying out activi-ties authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administrative expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorga-nization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $939,000,000, including official represen-tation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $7,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, of which, notwithstanding sec-tion 201(a)(2)(c) of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a major-ity vote of the Commission: Provided further, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections esti-mated at $822,240,000 in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and ex-penses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory infrastructure for ad-vanced nuclear reactor technologies, and $5,000,000 of that amount shall not be available from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214: Provided further, That the sum herein ap-propriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $116,760,000: Pro-vided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $543,000 shall be used to implement the requirements of the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–101; 128 Stat. 1146). 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,129,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Pro-vided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspec-tion services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,044,000 in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2018, for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,085,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $969,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. N
UCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as authorized by Pub-lic Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until September 30, 2018. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES S
EC. 401. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in (a) if compliance with such requirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environ-ment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under para-graph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would other-wise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under para-graph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to programs, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commission—Sala-ries and Expenses’’ shall be expended as di-rected in the report accompanying this Act. (d) None of the funds provided for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, which includes the fol-lowing for each program, project, or activity, in-cluding any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or in-directly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pend-ing before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. S
EC. 502. (a) None of the funds made available in title III of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority where-by a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer au-thority provided in this Act or any other appro-priations Act for any fiscal year, transfer au-thority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Govern-ment may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a semi-annual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year- to-date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or mod-ify existing notification requirements for each authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.020 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7505 December 8, 2016 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2017’’. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–70 modified by the amendment printed in House Report 114–849. 
The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the Senate, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited the ‘‘Further Con-tinuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Availability of funds. DIVISION A—FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 DIVISION B—SECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Title I—Department of Defense Title II—Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Agencies 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in di-vision B of this Act shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of that division. 
SEC. 4. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS. 
(a) Each amount designated in this Act, or in an amendment made by this Act, by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the Presi-dent subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. (b) Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so des-ignates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. DIVISION A—FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 S
EC. 101. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2017 (division C of Public Law 114–223) is amended by— (1) striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘April 28, 2017’’; (2) striking ‘‘0.496 percent’’ in section 101(b) and inserting ‘‘0.1901 percent’’; and (3) inserting after section 145 the following new sections: ‘‘S
EC. 146. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Agriculture— Farm Service Agency—Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund Program Account’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to fund loans for which applica-tions are approved. ‘‘S
EC. 147. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Agriculture— Food and Nutrition Service—Child Nutrition Programs’ to carry out section 749(g) of the Agriculture Appropriations Act of 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–80) may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to ensure that the program can be fully operational by May, 2017. ‘‘SEC. 148. Section 26(d) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769g(d)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘2010 through 2016’ and inserting ‘2010 through 2017’. ‘‘S
EC. 149. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Agriculture— Rural Utilities Service’ may be transferred between appropriations under such heading as necessary for the cost of direct tele-communications loans authorized by section 305 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935). ‘‘S
EC. 150. Amounts made available by Sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Agriculture— Rural Housing Service—Rural Housing In-surance Fund Program Account’ for the sec-tion 538 Guaranteed Multi-Family Housing Loan Program may be apportioned up to the rate necessary to fund loans for which appli-cations are approved. ‘‘S
EC. 151. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Commerce—Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion—Procurement, Acquisition and Con-struction’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the planned launch schedules for the Joint Polar Satellite System. ‘‘S
EC. 152. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Commerce—Bu-reau of the Census—Periodic Censuses and Programs’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the schedule and deliver the required data ac-cording to statutory deadlines in the 2020 De-cennial Census Program. ‘‘S
EC. 153. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration—Exploration’ may be appor-tioned up to the rate for operations nec-essary to maintain the planned launch capa-bility schedules for the Space Launch Sys-tem launch vehicle, Exploration Ground Sys-tems, and Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle programs. ‘‘S
EC. 154. In addition to the amount other-wise provided by section 101, and notwith-standing section 104 and section 109, for ‘De-partment of Justice—State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Office of Justice Programs—State and Local Law Enforce-ment Assistance’, there is appropriated $7,000,000, for an additional amount for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program for the purpose of providing reimbursement of extraordinary law enforce-ment overtime costs directly and solely asso-ciated with protection of the President-elect incurred from November 9, 2016 until the in-auguration of the President-elect as Presi-dent: Provided, That reimbursement shall be provided only for overtime costs that a State or local law enforcement agency can docu-ment as being over and above normal law en-forcement operations and directly attrib-utable to security for the President-elect. ‘‘S
EC. 155. Notwithstanding sections 101, 102, and 104 of this Act, from within amounts provided for ‘Department of Defense—Pro-curement—Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’, funds are provided for ‘Ohio Replace-ment Submarine (AP)’ at a rate for oper-ations of $773,138,000. ‘‘S
EC. 156. (a) Notwithstanding sections 102 and 104 of this Act, amounts made available pursuant to section 101 may be used for multiyear procurement contracts, including advance procurement, for the AH–64E Attack Helicopter and the UH–60M Black Hawk Heli-copter. ‘‘(b) The Secretary of the Army may exer-cise the authority conferred in subsection (a) notwithstanding subsection (i)(1) of section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, until the date of enactment of an Act authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, subject to satisfaction of all other require-ments of such section 2306b. ‘‘SEC. 157. Notwithstanding section 102, funds made available pursuant to section 101 for ‘Department of Defense—Procurement— Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’ are pro-vided for the KC–46A Tanker up to the rate for operations necessary to support the pro-duction rate specified in the President’s fis-cal year 2017 budget request. ‘‘S
EC. 158. Notwithstanding section 101, sec-tion 301(d) of division D of Public Law 114–113 shall not apply to amounts made available by this Act for ‘Department of Energy— Atomic Energy Defense Activities—National Nuclear Security Administration—Weapons Activities’: Provided, That the Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 15 days after funds made available by this Act for such ac-count are allotted to a Department of En-ergy program, project, or activity at a rate for operations that differs from that pro-vided under such heading in division D of Public Law 114–113 by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent. ‘‘S
EC. 159. As authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Sec-retary of Energy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $375,400,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in fiscal year 2017: Provided, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘Energy Security and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Fund’) during fiscal year 2017: Pro- vided further, That in addition to amounts otherwise made available by section 101, and notwithstanding section 104, any amounts deposited in the Fund shall be made avail-able and shall remain available until ex-pended at a rate for operations of $375,400,000, for necessary expenses in carrying out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. ‘‘S
EC. 160. (a) Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘Department of En-ergy—Energy Programs—Uranium Enrich-ment Decontamination and Decommis-sioning Fund’ at a rate for operations of $767,014,000: Provided, That such amounts may not be reprogrammed below the levels provided in the table referred to in section 301(d) of division D of Public Law 114–113. ‘‘(b) As of the date of the enactment of this section, section 123 of this Act shall not be in effect. ‘‘S
EC. 161. In addition to amounts provided by section 101, amounts are provided for ‘General Services Administration—Allow-ances and Office Staff for Former Presidents’ for the pension of the outgoing President at a rate for operations of $157,000. ‘‘S
EC. 162. (a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘SOAR Funding Avail-ability Act’. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRING USE OF FUNDS REMAINING  U
NOBLIGATED FROM PREVIOUS FISCAL  Y
EARS .—Section 3007 of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (sec. 38–1853.07, D.C. Official Code) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘‘(e) R
EQUIRING USEOFFUNDS REMAINING  U
NOBLIGATED FROM PREVIOUS FISCAL  Y
EARS .— ‘‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that any funds appropriated for the opportunity schol-arship program under this division for any fiscal year remain available for subsequent fiscal years under section 3014(c), the Sec-retary shall make such funds available to el-igible entities receiving grants under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.020 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7506 December 8, 2016 
3004(a) for the uses described in paragraph (2)— ‘‘‘(A) in the case of any remaining funds that were appropriated before the date of en-actment of the SOAR Funding Availability Act, beginning on the date of enactment of such Act; and ‘‘‘(B) in the case of any remaining funds appropriated on or after the date of enact-ment of such Act, by the first day of the first subsequent fiscal year. ‘‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—If an eligible entity to which the Secretary provided additional funds under paragraph (1) elects to use such funds during a fiscal year, the eligible entity shall use— ‘‘‘(A) not less than 95 percent of such addi-tional funds to provide additional scholar-ships for eligible students under subsection (a), or to increase the amount of the scholar-ships, during such year; and ‘‘‘(B) not more than a total of 5 percent of such additional funds for administrative ex-penses, parental assistance, or tutoring, as described in subsections (b), (c), and (d), dur-ing such year. ‘‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any amounts made available for administrative expenses, paren-tal assistance, or tutoring under paragraph (2)(B) shall be in addition to any other amounts made available for such purposes in accordance with subsections (b), (c), and (d).’. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Section 3014 of such Act (sec. 38–1853.14, D.C. Official Code) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appro-priated under subsection (a)(1), including amounts appropriated and available under such subsection before the date of enactment of the SOAR Funding Availability Act, shall remain available until expended.’. ‘‘(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘S
EC. 163. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion—Operations and Support’, ‘U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement—Oper-ations and Support’, ‘Transportation Secu-rity Administration—Operations and Sup-port’, and ‘United States Secret Service—Op-erations and Support’ accounts of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall be ap-portioned at a rate for operations as nec-essary, and apportioned to provide staffing levels as necessary, to ensure border secu-rity, fulfill immigration enforcement prior-ities, maintain aviation security activities, and carry out the mission associated with the protection of the President-elect. ‘‘S
EC. 164. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘National Gallery of Art—Sala-ries and Expenses’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to provide for staffing, maintenance, security, and ad-ministrative expenses for the recently re-opened galleries. ‘‘S
EC. 165. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Smithsonian Institution—Sala-ries and Expenses’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to provide for facilities maintenance, facilities oper-ations, security, and support at the National Museum of African American History and Culture. ‘‘S
EC. 166. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Health and Human Services—Indian Health Service—In-dian Health Services’ and for ‘Department of Health and Human Services—Indian Health Service—Indian Health Facilities’, respec-tively, may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to provide for costs of staffing and operating newly constructed fa-cilities. ‘‘S
EC. 167. M INERS HEALTH BENEFITS .— ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—This section may be cited as the ‘Continued Health Benefits for Miners Act’. ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN RETIREES IN THE  M
ULTIEMPLOYER HEALTH BENEFIT PLAN.— Section 402(h)(2)(C) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1232(h)(2)(C)) is amended— ‘‘(1) by striking ‘A transfer’ and inserting the following: ‘‘‘(i) T
RANSFER TO THE PLAN .—A transfer’; ‘‘(2) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and moving such subclauses 2 ems to the right; and ‘‘(3) by striking the matter following such subclause (II) (as so redesignated) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘‘(ii) C
ALCULATION OF EXCESS .—The excess determined under clause (i) shall be cal-culated— ‘‘‘(I) except as provided in subclause (II), by taking into account only those bene-ficiaries actually enrolled in the Plan as of December 31, 2006, who are eligible to receive health benefits under the Plan on the first day of the calendar year for which the trans-fer is made; and ‘‘‘(II) for purposes of the transfer made for fiscal year 2017, as if, for the period begin-ning January 1, 2017, and ending April 30, 2017, only— ‘‘‘(aa) those beneficiaries actually enrolled in the Plan as of the date of the enactment of the Continued Health Benefits for Miners Act who are eligible to receive health bene-fits under the Plan on January 1, 2017, other than those beneficiaries enrolled in the Plan under the terms of a participation agreement with the current or former employer of such beneficiaries; and ‘‘‘(bb) those beneficiaries whose health benefits, defined as those benefits payable di-rectly following death or retirement or upon a finding of disability by an employer in the bituminous coal industry under a coal wage agreement (as defined in section 9701(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), would be denied or reduced as a result of a bankruptcy proceeding commenced in 2012 or 2015, were taken into account, and for any other period during such fiscal year, only the bene-ficiaries described in subclause (I) were taken into account. ‘‘‘(iii) E
LIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN RETIREES .— Individuals referred to in clause (ii)(II)(bb) shall be treated as eligible to receive health benefits under the Plan for the plan year that includes January 1, 2017. ‘‘‘(iv) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR TRANSFER .—The amount of the transfer otherwise determined under this subparagraph for fiscal year 2017 shall be reduced by any amount transferred for the fiscal year to the Plan, to pay bene-fits required under the Plan, from a vol-untary employees’ beneficiary association established as a result of a bankruptcy pro-ceeding described in clause (ii)(II). ‘‘‘(v) VEBA 
TRANSFER .—The administrator of such voluntary employees’ beneficiary as-sociation shall transfer to the Plan any amounts received as a result of such bank-ruptcy proceeding, reduced by an amount for administrative costs of such association.’. ‘‘(c) P
RESERVATION OF PAYMENTS TO STATES  
AND INDIAN TRIBES .—Subparagraph (B) of section 402(i)(3) of the Surface Mining Con-trol and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1232(i)(3)) is amended— ‘‘(1) by striking ‘so that’ and inserting ‘under paragraph (1) so that’; ‘‘(2) by striking ‘each transfer’ in clause (i) and inserting ‘each such transfer’; and ‘‘(3) by striking ‘this subsection’ in clause (iii) and inserting ‘paragraph (1)’. ‘‘(d) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .— ‘‘(1) S
TATUTORY PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this section shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard main-tained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statu-tory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. ‘‘(2) SENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of this section shall not be en-tered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress). ‘‘(3) C
LASSIFICATION OF BUDGETARY EF -
FECTS .—Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budg-et Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of conference accompanying Con-ference Report 105-217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of this section shall not be estimated— ‘‘(A) for purposes of section 251 of such Act; and ‘‘(B) for purposes of paragraph (4)(C) of sec-tion 3 of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. ‘‘S
EC. 168. Notwithstanding section 111, the fourth proviso under the heading ‘Depart-ment of Labor—Office of Workers’ Com-pensation Programs—Special Benefits’ shall be applied by substituting ‘$66,675,000’ for ‘$62,170,000’, ‘$22,740,000’ for ‘$21,140,000’, ‘$16,866,000’ for ‘$16,668,000’ and ‘$4,101,000’ for ‘$1,394,000’. ‘‘S
EC. 169. Section 458(a)(4) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087h(a)(4)) shall be applied by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’. ‘‘S
EC. 170. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’) may transfer up to $300,000,000 from the Fund established by sec-tion 223 of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2008 (42 U.S.C. 3514a) to ‘Department of Health and Human Services—Administration for Chil-dren and Families—Refugee and Entrant As-sistance’ only for activities authorized under section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279) and section 235 of the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232): Provided, That such funds transferred shall not be available for obligation prior to February 1, 2017. ‘‘(b) In addition to amounts provided by subsection (a), if after March 1, 2017, and be-fore the date specified in section 106(3), the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, determines that the percentage increase in the cumu-lative number of cases transferred to the custody of the Secretary pursuant to such sections 462 and 235 for the current fiscal year over the number transferred through the comparable date in the previous fiscal year exceeds 40 percent, an amount not to exceed $200,000,000 may be made available to ‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices—Administration for Children and Fami-lies—Refugee and Entrant Assistance’ only for activities authorized under such sections 462 and 235. ‘‘(c) The Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate shall be notified at least 15 days in advance of any funds being made available under sub-section (a). ‘‘(d) Of the unobligated balances available in the Fund established by section 223 of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2008 (42 U.S.C. 3514a), $100,000,000 is hereby rescinded. ‘‘S
EC. 171. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, within 10 days of the en-actment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall transfer funds appropriated for fiscal year 2017 under section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) to the accounts specified, in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.024 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7507 December 8, 2016 
amounts specified, and for the activities specified in subsection (a) of section 221 of division H of Public Law 114–113, except that the Secretary shall adjust the amounts transferred to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention under this section to re-sult in a total amount transferred to such agency under this section that is $1,000,000 less than the total amount transferred to such agency under such section 221: Provided, That subsections (b) and (c) of such section 221 shall apply to amounts transferred under this section. ‘‘S
EC. 172. The fifth proviso under the head-ing ‘Social Security Administration—Limi-tation on Administrative Expenses’ in divi-sion H of Public Law 114–113 shall be applied during the period covered by this Act by sub-stituting ‘shall be used for activities to ad-dress the hearing backlog within the Office of Disability Adjudication and Review’ for ‘shall be for necessary expenses for the ren-ovation and modernization of the Arthur J. Altmeyer Building’. ‘‘S
EC. 173. Activities authorized under part A of title IV and section 1108(b) of the Social Security Act (except for activities author-ized in section 403(b)) shall continue through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act in the manner authorized for fiscal year 2016, and out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, there are hereby appropriated such sums as may be necessary for such purpose. ‘‘S
EC. 174. The Secretary of Health and Human Services may use discretionary amounts appropriated in this Act for the De-partment of Health and Human Services to carry out section 399V–6 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–17). ‘‘S
EC. 175. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relat-ing to cost of living adjustments for Mem-bers of Congress) during fiscal year 2017. ‘‘S
EC. 176. T RANSFER OF O’NEILL BUILDING  
TOHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .—(a) T RANS -
FER.—Effective upon the expiration of the 180-day period that begins on the date of the enactment of this section— ‘‘(1) the building described in subsection (e) shall become an office building of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(2) the Administrator of General Services shall transfer custody, control, and adminis-trative jurisdiction over the building to the Architect of the Capitol; and ‘‘(3) the Architect of the Capitol shall exer-cise custody, control, and administrative ju-risdiction over the building subject to the di-rection of the House Office Building Commis-sion. ‘‘(b) T
REATMENT AS HOUSE OFFICE BUILDING  
AND PART OF CAPITOL GROUNDS .—Upon the transfer of custody, control, and administra-tive jurisdiction under subsection (a), the building and grounds described in subsection (e) shall be treated as a House Office Build-ing and as part of the United States Capitol Grounds for purposes of all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the House Office Buildings and the Capitol Grounds, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) chapter 51 of title 40, United States Code (relating to the administration of the United States Capitol Buildings and Grounds); and ‘‘(2) section 9 of the Act entitled ‘An Act to define the area of the United States Capitol Grounds, to regulate the use thereof, and for other purposes’, approved July 31, 1946 (2 U.S.C. 1961) (relating to the authority of the United States Capitol Police to police the United States Capitol Buildings and Grounds). ‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY OF ARCHITECT OF THE CAP-
ITOL TO ENTER INTO LEASES AND OTHER  AGREEMENTS WITH FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS  
ANDAGENCIES FOR USE OF BUILDING .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY DESCRIBED .—The Architect of the Capitol is authorized to enter into leases and other agreements with depart-ments and agencies of the Federal Govern-ment for the use of the building described in subsection (e) (or portions thereof), subject to the approval of the House Office Building Commission. ‘‘(2) C
OLLECTION OF PAYMENTS .—Pursuant to a lease or other agreement entered into between the Architect of the Capitol and a department or agency of the Federal Govern-ment under the authority described in para-graph (1), the Architect of the Capitol is au-thorized to collect payments from such de-partment or agency and such department or agency is authorized to make payments to the Architect of the Capitol, including pay-ments of commercially-equivalent rent. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF PAYMENTS .—Any pay- ments received by the Architect of the Cap-itol pursuant to any lease or other agree-ment entered into under this subsection shall be deposited to the appropriation avail-able to the Architect of the Capitol from the House Office Buildings Fund established under subsection (d) and shall be subject to future appropriation. ‘‘(d) H
OUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS FUND.— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the ‘House Office Buildings Fund’ (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘Fund’). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF FUND .—The Fund shall consist of the following amounts: ‘‘(A) Amounts transferred by the Architect of the Capitol under paragraph (3) of sub-section (c). ‘‘(B) Interest earned on the balance of the Fund. ‘‘(C) Such other amounts as may be appro-priated by law. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUND .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Architect of the Capitol for the maintenance, care, and oper-ation of the House office buildings, and may be used to reimburse the United States Cap-itol Police, the House of Representatives, or any other office of the legislative branch which provides goods or services for the maintenance, care, and operation of the building and grounds described in subsection (e), in such amounts as may be appropriated under law. ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO COMMITTEE ON APPRO -
PRIATIONS .—Upon making any obligation or expenditure of any amount in the Fund, the Architect of the Capitol shall notify the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of the amount and pur-pose of the obligation or expenditure. ‘‘(5) C
ONTINUING AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— Amounts in the Fund are available without regard to fiscal year limitation. ‘‘(e) D
ESCRIPTION OF BUILDING AND  G
ROUNDS .— ‘‘(1) D
ESCRIPTION .—The building and grounds described in this subsection is the Federal building located in the District of Columbia which is commonly known as the ‘Thomas P. O’Neill Jr. Federal Building’, and which is more particularly described as fol-lows: Square 579, Lot 827, at 200 C Street Southwest, bounded by C Street Southwest on the north, by 2nd Street Southwest on the east, by D Street Southwest on the south, and by 3rd Street Southwest on the west, and by all that area contiguous to and sur-rounding Square 579 from the property line thereof to the west curb of 3rd Street South-west, the north curb of C Street Southwest, the east curb of 2nd Street Southwest, and the south curb of D Street Southwest. ‘‘(2) R
ETENTION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIS -
TRICT OF COLUMBIA .—The Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia will retain responsibility for the maintenance and improvement of those portions of the streets which are situ-ated between the curb lines of the streets referenced in paragraph (1). ‘‘SEC. 177. (a) During the 115th Congress— ‘‘(1) amounts made available for the Office of the Secretary of the Conference of the Mi-nority of the Senate shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Minority Leader of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the duties and authorities of the Sec-retary of the Conference of the Minority of the Senate under section 3 of title I of divi-sion H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2008 (2 U.S.C. 6154), section 101 of chap-ter VIII of title I of the Supplemental Appro-priations Act, 1979 (2 U.S.C. 6156), or any other provision of law shall be duties and au-thorities of the Assistant Minority Leader of the Senate. ‘‘(b) For purposes of any individual em-ployed by the Office of the Assistant Minor-ity Leader of the Senate during the 115th Congress— ‘‘(1) section 506(e) of the Supplemental Ap-propriations Act, 1973 (2 U.S.C. 6314(e)) shall be applied by substituting ‘Assistant Minor-ity Leader’ for ‘Secretary of the Conference of the Minority’; ‘‘(2) section 207(e)(9)(M) of title 18, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘Assistant Minority Leader’ for ‘secretary of the Conference of the Minority’; and ‘‘(3) subsection (b) of the first section of S. Res. 458 (98th Congress) shall be applied by substituting ‘Assistant Minority Leader’ for ‘Secretary of the Conference of the Minor-ity’. ‘‘(c) For purposes of any individual em-ployed by the Office of the Assistant Minor-ity Leader of the Senate during the 115th Congress, with respect to any practice that occurs during that Congress, section 220(e)(2)(C) of the Congressional Account-ability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1351(e)(2)(C)) shall be applied by substituting ‘the Office of the Assistant Minority Leader of the Senate’ for ‘the Office of the Secretary of the Con-ference of the Minority of the Senate’. ‘‘(d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to have any effect on the continu-ation of any procedure or action initiated under the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) or section 207 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘S
EC. 178. Section 21(d) of Senate Resolu-tion 64 of the One Hundred Thirteenth Con-gress, 1st session (agreed to on March 5, 2013) is amended by striking ‘December 31, 2016’ and inserting ‘December 31, 2018’. ‘‘S
EC. 179. E XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF  C
ERTAIN LEGISLATION .— ‘‘(a) Q
UALIFYING LEGISLATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘qualifying legislation’ means a Senate bill or joint resolution— ‘‘(1) that is introduced in the Senate dur-ing the 30-calendar day period beginning on the date on which Congress convenes the First Session of the 115th Congress; ‘‘(2) the title of which is as follows: ‘To provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned offi-cer of the Armed Forces.’; and ‘‘(3) the matter after the enacting or re-solving clause of which is as follows: 
‘‘ ‘SECTION 1. EXCEPTION TO LIMITATION AGAINST APPOINTMENT OF PER-SONS AS SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WITHIN SEVEN YEARS OF RELIEF FROM ACTIVE DUTY AS REGULAR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
‘‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the second sentence of section 113(a) of title 10, United States Code, the first person ap-pointed, by and with the advice and consent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.024 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7508 December 8, 2016 
of the Senate, as Secretary of Defense after the date of the enactment of this Act may be a person who is, on the date of appointment, within seven years after relief, but not with-in three years after relief, from active duty as a commissioned officer of a regular com-ponent of the Armed Forces. ‘‘‘(b) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—This section ap-plies only to the first person appointed as Secretary of Defense as described in sub-section (a) after the date of the enactment of this Act, and to no other person.’. ‘‘(b) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 30-calendar day period described in subsection (a)(1), qualifying legislation may be introduced in the Senate by the Majority Leader (or the Majority Leader’s designee), the Minority Leader (or the Minority Leader’s designee), the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services, or the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Armed Services. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— ‘‘(1) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—Qualifying leg-islation introduced in the Senate shall be re-ferred to the Committee on Armed Services. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the Committee on Armed Services has not re-ported the qualifying legislation within 5 session days after the date of referral of the legislation, the Committee shall be dis-charged from further consideration of the legislation, and the qualifying legislation shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not- withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the Committee on Armed Serves reports the qualifying legislation to the Sen-ate or has been discharged from its consider-ation (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of the quali-fying legislation, and all points of order against the qualifying legislation (and against consideration of the qualifying legis-lation) are waived. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. A motion to recon-sider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the qualifying legislation is agreed to, the qualifying legislation shall remain the unfin-ished business until disposed of. ‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Consideration of the qualifying legislation, and all debate, debat-able motions, and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally be-tween, and controlled by, the Majority Lead-er and the Minority Leader or their des-ignees. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the qualifying leg-islation is not in order. ‘‘(5) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—The vote on pas-sage shall occur immediately following the conclusion of the debate on the qualifying legislation and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate, if requested in ac-cordance with the rules of the Senate. Pas-sage of the qualifying legislation shall re-quire an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. ‘‘(6) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCEDURE .— Appeals from the decisions of the Chair re-lating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to qualifying legislation shall be de-cided without debate. ‘‘(7) C
ONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .— Consideration in the Senate of any veto mes-sage with respect to the qualifying legisla-tion, including all debate, debatable mo-tions, and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally di-vided between, and controlled by, the Major-ity Leader and the Minority Leader or their designees. ‘‘(d) RULES OF THE SENATE .—This section is enacted— ‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and as such is deemed a part of the rules of the Senate, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in the Senate in the case of qualifying legis-lation described in subsection (a), and super-sedes other rules only to the extent that this section is inconsistent with such rules; and ‘‘(2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of the Senate to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of the Senate) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the Senate. ‘‘S
EC. 180. Section 133 of division L, title I of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, Public Law 114–113, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘‘(a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce the requirement for two off- duty periods from 1:00 a.m. to 5:00 a.m. under paragraph 395.3(c) or the restriction on use of more than one restart during a 168-hour pe-riod under paragraph 395.3(d) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and those provisions shall have no force or effect upon submission of the final report issued by the Secretary of Transportation, as required by section 133 of division K of Public Law 113–235, unless the Secretary and the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation each review and determine that the final report ‘‘‘(1) meets the statutory requirements set forth in such section; and ‘‘‘(2) establishes that commercial motor vehicle drivers who operated under the re-start provisions in operational effect be-tween July 1, 2013, and the day before the date of enactment of such Public Law dem-onstrated statistically significant improve-ment in all outcomes related to safety, oper-ator fatigue, driver health and longevity, and work schedules, in comparison to com-mercial motor vehicle drivers who operated under the restart provisions in operational effect on June 30, 2013. ‘‘‘(b) If the Secretary and the Inspector General do not each make the findings out-lined in subsection (a) of this section with respect to the final report, hereafter, the 34- hour restart rule in operational effect on June 30, 2013 shall be restored to full force and effect on the date that the Secretary submits the final report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate, and funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act shall be available to implement, administer, or enforce the rule.’. ‘‘S
EC. 181. (a) Funds made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Transportation— Federal Aviation Administration—Oper-ations’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid disruption of continuing projects or activities funded by this appropriation. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding section 101, the mat-ter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘Department of Transportation— Federal Aviation Administration—Facilities and Equipment’ in division L of Public Law 114–113 shall be applied by substituting ‘$479,412,000’ for ‘$470,049,000’ and ‘$2,375,588,000’ for ‘$2,384,951,000’. ‘‘S
EC. 182. (a) Amounts available under sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Transportation— Maritime Administration—Operations and Training’ for facilities maintenance and re-pair, equipment, and capital improvements at the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy, and any available prior year balances for the Student Incentive Program at State Maritime Academies may, either in whole or part, be used for costs associated with the midshipmen Sea Year training program of the Academy without regard to any limita-tions on reprogramming or transfer under di-vision L of Public Law 114–113 or otherwise applicable under a provision of this Act. ‘‘(b) The matter under the heading ‘Depart-ment of Transportation—Maritime Adminis-tration—Operations and Training’ in division L of Public Law 114–113 is amended by strik-ing the third proviso (relating to an Acad-emy spending plan). ‘‘SEC. 183. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public and Indian Housing—Tenant-Based Rental Assistance’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to renew grants for rental assistance and administrative costs that were provided pursuant to the third through tenth provisos of paragraph (5) under such heading in title II of division K of Public Law 113–235 (128 Stat. 2732). ‘‘S
EC. 184. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, if not later than 10 days after the end of the Second Session of the 114th Congress, the Office of Management and Budget (‘OMB’) determines that the total of enacted appropriations for fiscal year 2017 subject to the discretionary spending limits in section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, ex-cluding any appropriations that would result in adjustments under section 251(b)(2) of such Act, does not exceed the sum of the unadjusted discretionary spending limits for fiscal year 2017 in section 251(c)(4) of such Act and provides written notification of that determination, then the final sequestration report for fiscal year 2017 under section 254(f)(1) of such Act and any order for fiscal year 2017 under section 254(f)(5) of such Act shall be issued, for the Congressional Budget Office, 10 days after the date specified in sec-tion 106(3) of this Act and, for OMB, 15 days after the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act: Provided, That the written notifica-tion required by this section shall include the total dollar amount and estimated uni-form percentage that would be required to eliminate a breach within a category if OMB were to issue such final sequestration report and order pursuant to the timetable in sec-tion 254(a) of such Act. ‘‘S
EC. 185. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101 for the ‘Emergency Watershed Protection Pro-gram’, there is appropriated $103,140,000 for an additional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until expended, and for the ‘Emergency Conservation Program’, there is appropriated $102,978,524 for an additional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That all amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. ‘‘S
EC. 186. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101, there is appropriated $74,700,000 for an addi-tional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until expended, for ‘National Aero-nautics and Space Administration—Con-struction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration’ for repairs at National Aer-onautics and Space Administration facilities damaged by Hurricane Matthew: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.024 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7509 December 8, 2016 
‘‘SEC. 187. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101, there is appropriated $54,827,000 for ‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Construction’ for an addi-tional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until expended, for necessary ex-penses to address emergency situations at Corps of Engineers projects, and to rehabili-tate and repair damages to Corps of Engi-neers projects, caused by natural disasters: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That beginning not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works shall pro-vide monthly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds. ‘‘S
EC. 188. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101, there is appropriated $290,708,000 for ‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Mississippi River and Trib-utaries’ for an additional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until ex-pended, for necessary expenses to dredge navigation projects in response to, and re-pair damages to Corps of Engineers projects caused by, natural disasters: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide monthly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds. ‘‘S
EC. 189. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101, there is appropriated $259,574,000 for ‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Operation and Mainte-nance’ for an additional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until ex-pended, for necessary expenses to dredge navigation projects in response to, and re-pair damages to Corps of Engineers projects caused by, natural disasters: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide monthly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds. ‘‘S
EC. 190. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101, there is appropriated $419,891,000 for ‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies’, as authorized by section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n), for an additional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until expended, for nec-essary expenses to prepare for flood, hurri-cane and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other ac-tivities in response to such disasters as au-thorized by law: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro- vided further, That beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide monthly re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds. ‘‘SEC. 191. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to any amount otherwise provided by section 101 for the ‘Emergency Relief Program’, as author-ized by section 125 of title 23, United States Code, there is appropriated $1,004,017,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. ‘‘S
EC. 192. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, and in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101 for ‘Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment—Community Planning and Develop-ment—Community Development Fund’, there is appropriated $1,808,976,000 for an ad-ditional amount for fiscal year 2017, to re-main available until expended, that is iden-tical to the additional appropriation for fis-cal year 2016 in section 145(a) of this Act (ex-cept that ‘enactment of this Act’ shall be treated as referring to enactment of this sec-tion, and except for the last proviso under such subsection), and with respect to which the same authority and conditions shall be in effect: Provided, That of the amount made available by this subsection, $1,416,000,000 is designated by the Congress as being for dis-aster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, and $392,976,000 is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. ‘‘(b) Of the amounts made available by sub-section (a) and designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, up to $3,000,000 may be transferred, in aggre-gate, to ‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Program Office Salaries and Expenses—Community Planning and Devel-opment’ for necessary costs, including infor-mation technology costs, of administering and overseeing the obligation and expendi-ture of amounts in section 145 and all amounts in this section. ‘‘S
EC. 193. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to amounts otherwise provided by section 101, an additional amount for fiscal year 2017 of $20,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is provided for ‘Department of Health and Human Services—Food and Drug Administration-FDA Innovation Account’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Account’): Provided, That such amounts are appro-priated pursuant to section 1002(b)(3) of the 21st Century Cures Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1002(b)(2)(A) of such Act, are for the nec-essary expenses to carry out the purposes de-scribed under section 1002(b)(4) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to the appropriation for ‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices—Food and Drug Administration—Sala-ries and Expenses’ solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Commissioner that funds transferred pursuant to the pre-vious proviso are not necessary for the pur-poses provided, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to the Account: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. ‘‘SEC. 194. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to amounts otherwise provided by section 101, an additional amount for fiscal year 2017 of $352,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is provided for ‘Department of Health and Human Services—National Insti-tutes of Health—NIH Innovation Account’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Account’): Provided, That such amounts are appro-priated pursuant to section 1001(b)(3) of the 21st Century Cures Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1001(b)(2)(A) of such Act, are for the nec-essary expenses to carry out the purposes de-scribed in section 1001(b)(4) of such Act and in the amounts provided for fiscal year 2017 in such section 1001(b)(4), and may be trans-ferred by the Director of the National Insti-tutes of Health to other accounts of the Na-tional Institutes of Health solely for the pur-poses provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Director that funds transferred pursuant to the pre-vious proviso are not necessary for the pur-poses provided, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to the Account: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. ‘‘S
EC. 195. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, and in addition to amounts otherwise provided by section 101, an additional amount for fiscal year 2017 of $500,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is provided for ‘Department of Health and Human Services—Office of the Secretary—Account For the State Response to the Opioid Abuse Crisis’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Account’): Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1003(b)(3) of the 21st Century Cures Act, are to be derived from amounts trans-ferred under section 1003(b)(2)(A) of such Act, are for the necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described under section 1003(c) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the Department solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Secretary that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the Account: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in ad-dition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law. ‘‘S
EC. 196. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101 for ‘Environmental Protection Agency—State and Tribal Assistance Grants’, there is ap-propriated $100,000,000 for an additional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain avail-able until expended, for making capitaliza-tion grants for the Drinking Water State Re-volving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act pursuant to section 2201 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016. ‘‘(b) The last proviso of paragraph (1) under the heading ‘Environmental Protection Agency—State and Tribal Assistance Grants’ in division G of Public Law 114–113 shall be applied to amounts made available by this section by substituting for ‘only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of en-actment of this Act’ the following: ‘where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act, or where such debt was incurred prior to the date of enactment if the State, with concurrence from the Ad-ministrator, determines that such funds could be used to help address a threat to pub-lic health from heightened exposure to lead in drinking water or if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.024 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7510 December 8, 2016 
exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants to provide additional subsidy to eligible re-cipients’. ‘‘S
EC. 197. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, there is provided for ‘Environmental Protection Agency—Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Pro-gram Account’ for the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as au-thorized by the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.), $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, in-cluding the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That these funds are available to sub-sidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $2,073,000,000. ‘‘(b) In addition, fees authorized to be col-lected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Inno-vation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908 and 3909) shall be credited to the appropriation made by this section to remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(c) Of the amounts provided under sub-section (a), not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, not-withstanding section 5033 of the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3912). ‘‘S
EC. 198. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101 for ‘De-partment of Health and Human Services— Centers for Disease Control and Prevention— Environmental Health’, for carrying out sec-tion 2203 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016, there is appropriated $20,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $17,500,000 shall be for carrying out section 2203(b) of the Water and Waste Act of 2016 and $2,500,000 shall be for carrying out sec-tion 2203(c) of the Water and Waste Act of 2016: Provided, That such funds may be made available to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry or the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, at the discre-tion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for carrying out such sections of the Water and Waste Act of 2016. ‘‘S
EC. 199. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101 for ‘De-partment of Health and Human Services— Centers for Disease Control and Prevention— Environmental Health’, for carrying out sec-tion 2204(a) of the Water and Waste Act of 2016, there is appropriated $15,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018, for childhood lead poisoning prevention pro-grams authorized under section 317A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–1). ‘‘S
EC. 200. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, in addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101 for ‘De-partment of Health and Human Services— Health Resources and Services Administra-tion—Maternal and Child Health’, for car-rying out section 2204(b) of the Water and Waste Act of 2016, there is appropriated $15,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the Healthy Start Initia-tive authorized under section 330H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–8). ‘‘S
EC. 201. (a) Of any available amounts ap-propriated under section 301(b)(3) of Public Law 114–10, $170,000,000 is rescinded imme-diately upon enactment of this section. ‘‘(b) In the Senate, the budgetary effects of this section shall not count for purposes of the amount in section 3103(b)(3) of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016 (S. Con. Res. 11) when determining points of order pursuant to section 3103(b)(1) of that section of that concurrent resolu-tion.’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2017’’. DIVISION B—SECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $196,964,000, of which $94,034,000 is to support counter-terrorism operations and $102,930,000 is to support the European Reassurance Initiative: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $10,484,000, of which $7,354,000 is to support counter-terrorism op-erations and $3,130,000 is to support the Euro-pean Reassurance Initiative: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $5,840,000, to sup-port counter-terrorism operations: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $51,830,000, of which $37,640,000 is to support counter-terrorism operations and $14,190,000 is to support the European Reassurance Initiative: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $3,173,679,000, of which $2,734,952,000 is to support counter-ter-rorism operations and $438,727,000 is to sup-port the European Reassurance Initiative: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $97,881,000, of which $95,531,000 is to support counter-ter-rorism operations and $2,350,000 is to support the European Reassurance Initiative: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $180,546,000, of which $168,446,000 is to support counter-terrorism operations and $12,100,000 is to support the European Reassurance Ini-tiative: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $428,046,000, of which $382,496,000 is to support counter-ter-rorism operations and $45,550,000 is to sup-port the European Reassurance Initiative: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $446,283,000, of which $412,959,000 is to support counter-terrorism operations and $33,324,000 is to support the European Reassurance Ini-tiative: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. I
RAQTRAIN AND EQUIP FUND For an additional amount for ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’, $289,500,000, to support counter-terrorism operations: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Army’’, $229,100,000, to support counter-terrorism operations: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Army’’, $72,000,000, to support counter-terrorism operations: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $201,563,000, to support counter-terrorism op-erations: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $83,900,000, to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.024 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7511 December 8, 2016 
counter-terrorism operations: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $137,884,000, to support counter-terrorism operations: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $78,700,000, to support counter-terrorism op-erations: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide’’, $3,000,000, to support counter-ter-rorism operations: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS J
OINT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICE DEFEAT  F
UND For an additional amount for ‘‘Joint Im-provised Explosive Device Defeat Fund’’, $87,800,000, to support counter-terrorism op-erations: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS DEPARTMENT OF STATE A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, $1,052,400,000 to re-main available until September 30, 2018, of which $927,189,000 is for Worldwide Security Protection and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds are for operational and security requirements to support activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, other terrorist organizations, and violent extremism in Af-rica, Europe and Eurasia, the Middle East, and South and Central Asia, and to counter Russian influence: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for ‘‘Office of In-spector General’’, $2,500,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. EMBASSY SECURITY , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’, $654,411,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for construction of, and security en-hancements for, United States diplomatic fa-cilities in Africa, Europe and Eurasia, the Middle East, and South and Central Asia, of which $618,411,000 is for Worldwide Security Upgrades: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for operational and security requirements to support activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, other terrorist organizations, and violent extremism in Africa, Europe and Eurasia, the Middle East, and South and Central Asia: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Capital In-vestment Fund’’, $25,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, for the Capital Security Cost Sharing Program: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for ‘‘Office of In-spector General’’, $2,500,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Disaster Assistance’’, $616,100,000, to remain available until expended, for inter-national disaster relief, rehabilitation, and reconstruction assistance, including in Afri-ca, Europe and Eurasia, the Middle East, and South and Central Asia: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
TRANSITION INITIATIVES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Transition Initiatives’’, $50,234,000, to remain available until expended, for programs to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, other terrorist organizations, and violent extre-mism, and address the needs of populations impacted by such organizations: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ECONOMIC SUPPORT FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, $1,030,555,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for pro-grams to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, other terrorist organiza-tions, and violent extremism, and address the needs of populations impacted by such organizations: Provided, That funds appro-priated under this heading shall be made available for programs that include activi-ties to document, investigate, and prosecute genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and other human rights violations in Iraq and Syria, including to build capacity of Syrian and Iraqi investigators; atrocity pre-vention, transitional justice, reconciliation, and reintegration programs for vulnerable and persecuted minorities and ethnic groups in the Middle East and North Africa; and support for higher education institutions in Iraq: Provided further, That such funds shall also be made available for assistance for major non-North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion allies in the Middle East and North Afri-ca, including Jordan and Tunisia: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. ASSISTANCE FOR EUROPE , EURASIA AND  
CENTRAL ASIA  For an additional amount for ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, $157,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for programs to counter Rus-sian influence: Provided, That funds appro-priated under this heading shall be made available for assistance for Ukraine, Geor-gia, and other countries affected by Russian aggression: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, up to $6,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Broadcasting Board of Governors—Inter-national Broadcasting Operations’’ for pro-grams to counter Russian influence: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
MIGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’, $300,000,000, to re-main available until expended, to respond to refugee and migration crises, including in Africa, Europe and Eurasia, the Middle East, and South and Central Asia, except that such funds shall not be made available for the re-settlement costs of refugees in the United States: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’, $26,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for programs in Africa, Europe and Eurasia, and the Middle East: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.024 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7512 December 8, 2016 
Related Programs’’, $128,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for anti- terrorism, demining and related programs and activities in Africa and the Middle East: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Peace-keeping Operations’’, $50,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for equip-ment, training, logistics, and related support for peacekeeping, stabilization, and counter- terrorism programs in Africa and the Middle East: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for a United States contribution to the Mul-tinational Force and Observers mission in the Sinai: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for assistance for countries in Africa, Europe and Eurasia, and the Middle East: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available for assistance for Ukraine, Georgia, the Baltic states, Tunisia, and Jordan: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND CONDITIONS  S
EC. 201. Unless otherwise provided for by this title, the additional amounts appro-priated by this title to appropriations ac-counts in this Act shall be available under the authorities and conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts for fiscal year 2017. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 202. Funds appropriated by this title shall not be available for obligation unless the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, as appropriate, has notified the Committees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided, That the requirement of this section shall not apply to funds made available by this title under the headings ‘‘Department of State—Administration of Foreign Affairs—Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’, ‘‘United States Agency for Inter-national Development—Funds Appropriated to the President—Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’, ‘‘Bilateral Economic Assistance— Funds Appropriated to the President—Inter-national Disaster Assistance’’, and ‘‘Bilat-eral Economic Assistance—Department of State—Migration and Refugee Assistance’’. 
TRANSFER AUTHORITY  S
EC. 203. (a) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, including for World-wide Security Protection, and ‘‘Embassy Se-curity, Construction, and Maintenance’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this title under such headings if the Secretary of State determines and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is necessary to implement the recommendations of the Benghazi Account-ability Review Board, or to prevent or re-spond to security situations and require-ments. (b) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘International Disaster Assist-ance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assist-ance’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this title under such headings. (c) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘International Disaster Assist-ance’’. (d) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘International Narcotics Con-trol and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Nonprolifera-tion, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this title under such headings. (e) The transfer authority provided by this section shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Pro- vided, That such transfer authority is in ad-dition to any transfer authority otherwise available under any other provision of law. CONSOLIDATED REPORTING REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 204. Not later than 45 days after enact-ment of this Act and prior to the initial obli-gation of funds made available by this title, the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall submit a con-solidated report to the Committees on Ap-propriations on the anticipated uses of such funds on a country and project basis for which the obligation of funds is anticipated, including estimated personnel and adminis-trative costs: Provided, That such report shall be updated and submitted to such Com-mittees every 60 days until September 30, 2018, and every 180 days thereafter until all funds have been expended: Provided further, That funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘International Disaster Assist-ance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assist-ance’’ may be obligated prior to submission of the report required by this section. 
LOAN AUTHORITY  S
EC. 205. (a) Funds appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and in prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under such heading may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of loan guarantees for Iraq, which are authorized to be provided: Provided, That amounts made available under this subsection for the costs of such guarantees shall not be considered assistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting assistance to a country: Provided further, That the Secretary of State should obtain a commitment from the Government of Iraq that such government will make available the proceeds of such financing to regions and governorates, including the Kurdistan Re-gion of Iraq, in a manner consistent with the principles of equitable share of national rev-enues contained in clause ‘‘Third’’ of Article 121 of the Constitution of Iraq: Provided fur-ther, That such funds shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, except that any such notifi-cation shall include a detailed summary of the terms and conditions of such financing and an assessment of the extent to which the proposed financing agreement between the Governments of the United States and Iraq supports the constitutional principles of eq-uitable share of national revenues to regions and governorates, including the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. (b) Notwithstanding any provision of this Act, the authority provided by section 1101 of division O of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113) shall con-tinue in effect through fiscal year 2017: Pro- vided, That any notification submitted pur-suant to such section shall include a detailed summary of the terms and conditions of such loan and an assessment of the extent to which use of the proposed loan proceeds would place special emphasis on the Kurdish Peshmerga, Sunni tribal security forces, or other local security forces, with a national security mission. (c) Funds made available pursuant to this section and section 7034(o)(1) of the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2016 (di-vision K of Public Law 114–113) from prior Acts making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs that were previously des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of such Act and shall be avail-able only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. PERSONAL SERVICES CONTRACTS  S
EC. 206. Funds appropriated by this title to support counter-terrorism and countering violent extremism programs, including ac-tivities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, may be used to enter into contracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 37.104 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (48 CFR 37.104)) in the United States or abroad: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the purposes of any law adminis-tered by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment: Provided further, That the authority made available pursuant to this section shall expire on September 30, 2018. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Secu-rity Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 949, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 2028, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.024 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7513 December 8, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to present the second Fiscal Year 2017 Continuing Resolution this year, which will fund the Federal Government through April 28 of 2017. This bill is a necessary measure to continue vital government programs and services, like our national defense. It keeps the lights on in our govern-ment, preventing the uncertainty and harm of a shutdown. Our current con-tinuing resolution expires tomorrow, so we must act today. This continuing resolution is a re-sponsible compromise, making only limited adjustments where required to preserve the security of the Nation, to prevent serious lapses in government services, and to ensure the careful ex-penditure of taxpayer dollars. To highlight a few of these changes: we take care of our troops by increas-ing overseas contingency operations re-sources, and include provisions that ac-celerate production rates for critical defense equipment and systems, like the Ohio replacement submarine, the Apache helicopter, and the KC–46A tanker. The bill also maintains ade-quate funding for the Department of Homeland Security to keep our Nation safe. In addition to these changes, the bill includes necessary funding to help communities recover from recent nat-ural disasters, like Hurricane Matthew, flooding in States like Louisiana and West Virginia, and devastating droughts. The legislation also includes $170 million for important health and water infrastructure improvements, as well as $872 million for the House-passed 21st Century Cures Act, including $500 million to respond to the opioid abuse epidemic. These items are both fully offset. As I have said on this floor many times over the past 6 years, standing in this exact spot, a continuing resolution is a last resort. It is not what I would prefer to bring to the floor as my final bill as chairman of the Appropriations Committee. At the end of the day, a CR is simply a Band-Aid on a gushing wound. This is no way to run a railroad. It is bad for Congress, bad for the Federal Govern-ment, and bad for our country. A CR extends outdated policies and funding levels, wasting money, and preventing good changes from being made. A CR also creates uncertainty in Federal budgets and in our economy. Lastly, it diminishes the Congress’ power of the purse, giving away the people’s voice in how the government uses their tax dol-lars. I truly hope that in the near future we can stop lurching from CR to CR and return to regular order, for the sake of our national security, our econ-omy, and the well-being of all Ameri-cans. However, at this point, this is our best and only path forward. It is abso-lutely imperative that we complete the work on the 11 remaining appropria-tions bills as soon as possible when Congress returns. This is a good bill, and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the CR. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.043 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7514 December 8, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.043 H08DEPT1
Insert offset folio 397 here EH081216.001rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSESECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(DIV. B, HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028) 
(Amounts in thousands} 
TITLE I 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
Military Personnel 
Military Personnel, Army (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Military Personnel, Navy (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Military Personnel, Marine Corps (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Military Personnel, Air Force (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism} ................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Operations and Maintenance 
Operations and Maintenance, Army (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Operations and Maintenance, Navy (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Operations and Maintenance, Marine Corps (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ..... 
Operations and Maintenance, Air Force (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ..... 
Operations and Maintenance, Defense-Wide (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ..... 
Defense Health Program (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) .............. , .. 
Iraq Train and Equip Fund (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism} ................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . Procurement 
Missile Procurement, Army (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Other Procurement, Army (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism} ................ . 
Other Procurement, Navy (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism} ......... , ...... . Procurement 
of Ammunition, Air Force (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ..... 
Missile Procurement, Air Force (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism} ................ . 
Other Procurement, Air Force (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army 
(Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on 
Terrorism) ......................... , ............... . 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, 
Defense-Wide (Overseas Contingency Operations/Global 
War on Terrorism) .................................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . FY 2017 Request 
94,034 
7,354 
5,840 
37,640 
........ "' ...... -..... ---
144,868 
2,934,269 
95,531 168,446 382,496 412,959 2,547 
814,500 289,500 
..................... _____ 
5' 100' 248 
46,500 98,500 
5,000 
137,884 
.... --........... "' ...... -
287,884 
139,200 
3,000 
142,200 Final 
Bill 
196,964 
10,484 
5,840 
51,830 -------------
265.118 
3,173,679 
97,881 180,546 428,046 446,283 
289,500 
---------·-·-
4,615,935 
229,100 72,000 201,563 83,900 
137,884 .................................. 
724,447 
78,700 3,000 81,700 Bill vs. 
Request 
+102,930 
+3' 130 
+14, 190 
-------------
+120,250 
+239,410 +2,350 +12, 
100 
+45,550 +33,324 
-2,547 
-814,500 
------------~ 
-484,313 
+182,600 
-26,500 
-5,000 
+201,563 
+83,900 
................................... 
+436,563 
-60,500 -60,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7515 December 8, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.043 H08DEPT1
Insert offset folio 398 here EH081216.002rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSESECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(DIV. B, HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Other Department of Defense Programs 
Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund 
(Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on 
Terrorism} ......................................... . FY 2017 
Request 
99,800 Final 
Bi 11 
87,800 Bill vs. 
Request 
-12,000 
============= ============= ============= 
Total, Title I, Department of Defense ............ . 
TITLE II 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED 
PROGRAMS 
Department of State 
Administration of Foreign Affairs 
Diplomatic and Consular Programs (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Office of Inspector Genera 1 (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Embassy, Security, Construction, and Maintenance (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on 
Terrorism) ...................... , .................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Operating Expenses (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Capital Investment Fund (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Office of Inspector General (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
International Disaster Assistance (Overseas 
Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ..... 
Transition Initiatives (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . Economic 
Support Fund (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Assistance for Europe, Eurasia, and Central Asia (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on 
Terrorism) ......................................... . Department 
of State 
Migration and Refugee Assistance (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 5,775,000 5,775,000 
============= -------------------------- --------------------------
746,210 1,052,400 +306' 190 2,500 2,500 
1,024,000 654,411 -369,589 
................................... ............ --------- _ ............................... 
1,772,710 1,709,311 -63,399 
15,000 5,000 -10,000 
25,000 +25,000 
2,500 2,500 _____ ...... _ ...... ___ ..... __ ..................... __ .. ________ ,._ 
17,500 32,500 +15,000 953,200 616,100 
-337,100 
73,490 50,234 -23,256 
2,640,400 1,030,555 -1,609,845 
157,000 +157,000 260,400 300,000 +39,600 
3,927,490 2,153,889 -1,773,601 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7516 December 8, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.043 H08DEPT1
Insert offset folio 399 here EH081216.003rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSESECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(DIV. B, HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE 
Department of State 
International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement 
(Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on 
Terrorism) ......................................... . 
Non-Proliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and 
Related Programs (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . Peacekeeping 
Operations (Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ................ . Funds 
Appropriated to the President 
Foreign Military Financing Program (Overseas 
Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism) ..... 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, Title II, Department of State, Foreign 
Operations, and Related Programs ............... . Grand 
Total ...................................... . Overseas 
Contingency Operations/Global War on 
Terrorism .................................... . (Defense) .................................... . (Non-Defense) ................................ . FY 2017 
Request 
19,300 128,000 90,000 
-------------237,300 
--------------------------
5,955,000 --------------------------
11,730,000 (11,730,000) 
(5,775,000) (5,955,000) Final 
Bi 11 
26,300 128,000 50,000 200,000 
----- ... -........... _ ... 
404,300 
--------------------------
4,300,000 --------------------------
10,075,000 (10,075,000) 
(5,775,000) (4,300,000) Bill vs. 
Request 
+7,000 -40,000 +200,000 
----------- ..... 
+167,000 
--------------------------
-1,655,000 
============= 
-1,655,000 
(-1,655,000) 
(-1,655,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7517 December 8, 2016 
b1230 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today we consider the second con-tinuing resolution to keep most of the government open. To say that I am dis-appointed in this Band-aid approach to operating the government would be an understatement. The legislation before us is an abdication of responsibility for the entire Congress. It is a disgrace that more than 2 months into the new fiscal year, Congress will kick the can down the road nearly another 5 months for purely partisan reasons. Having already failed this year to adopt a budget, pass appropriation bills, and restore regular order, the ma-jority’s failure to enact full-year fund-ing is not surprising, but nonetheless shameful. Several administration re-quests were either not included or were drastically discounted. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission would be frozen under this CR, likely causing staff furloughs and making it impos-sible to adequately protect market par-ticipants. I am extremely concerned about the majority including just $7 million— one-fifth of the amount requested by the administration and by New York City—to reimburse New York for the cost of helping New York and other State and local governments protect the President-elect until his inaugura-tion. Local and State taxpayers should not be forced to foot the bill for the Federal responsibility of protecting the President-elect. I view the amount in the CR as a down payment, and I am putting the majority on notice that a future funding bill must fully cover these costs. At a time when economic hardship is common among those who have worked in unsafe and unhealthy coal mines, this Congress should be united in en-suring these men and women have both the health and pension benefits they have earned. These hardworking indi-viduals need more than empty prom-ises. I am pleased the CR provides addi-tional funding to respond to natural disasters, to assist Flint, Michigan, in recovering from a lead crisis, to re-spond to threats abroad, to prevent opioid addiction, and to support bio-medical research; however, we should have made these investments along with a full-year bill that would have dealt with every government program. Finally, this bill should not include the provision that would limit debate on providing a waiver to allow the next Secretary of Defense to have been re-tired from Active Duty for less than the current requirement of 7 years. Ci-vilian leadership of the military is a bedrock principle of our democracy, and any new standard deserves full de-bate by the Congress. I know Chairman R
OGERS worked to have the Appropriations Committee re-turn to regular order. I tried to be a partner with him because I think the American people want us to do our job of keeping the government operating. Notwithstanding the constraints facing the chairman, the bill we consider today should be a bipartisan, full-year spending measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELING -
HUYSEN ), who will assume the chair of the Appropriations Committee come January and in whom I have great con-fidence and pride. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge support of the continuing resolution. But first I must pay tribute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) as he manages his last appro-priations bill as full committee chair-man. I know I speak for Ranking Member L
OWEY and all members of the com-mittee, Republicans and Democrats, and our remarkable professional staff when I say that this body and this Na-tion owe a tremendous debt of grati-tude for his many contributions on the Appropriations Committee for 30 years and as its chairman for the last 6. No one understands better than H
ALROG-
ERSthe House’s constitutional duty to responsibly fund the Federal Govern-ment. No one has defended this body’s power of the purse with more vigor. He has always supported rigorous over-sight. Under Chairman R
OGERS ’ leadership, the committee has held over 600 public hearings to ensure that Federal tax dollars are well spent, and the com-mittee has earned results, cutting wasteful spending to the tune of $126 billion since fiscal year 2010. In fact, the chairman has worked tirelessly to restore public trust in our Federal funding process, all with profes-sionalism, good humor, and class. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for all members of the committee and all Members of the House in extending to you our heartfelt thanks for your con-tinued service on the committee and your remarkable service as chairman. On the resolution, briefly—and this is relative to national security—the re-ality is we are a nation at war, engaged with enemies in Syria, Iraq, Afghani-stan, and elsewhere, and we have no greater responsibility than to ensure that our men and women in uniform have the resources that this continuing resolution assures so they can carry out their missions and return home safely. In this regard, we have scrubbed the President’s budget amendment $5.8 bil-lion for overseas operations. In doing so, we have redirected funding to re-plenish our stocks of various munitions that our troops need to fight ISIS and the Taliban; and in light of increased activity on behalf of the Russians, we have provided funding for our NATO al-lies. This resolution needs to be sup-ported for national defense and home-land security. Again, I salute Chairman R
OGERS for his leadership. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), who is the ranking member of the Defense Subcommittee on the Appropriations Committee. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am sorely disappointed that, despite the very best efforts of Chairman R
OGERS , Mrs. L
OWEY , and all of the members of our committee, we yet again find our-selves in the position of considering an-other continuing resolution. In June, on the floor, I stated that our fiscal year begins on October 1, 2016, and not May 1, 2017, and that it is the responsibility of those of us hold-ing office in this session of this Con-gress to execute the 2017 appropriations process. We should not foist our re-sponsibility upon the next. Unfortu-nately, almost 6 months later, it is ap-propriate to repeat myself. As the ranking member on the De-fense Subcommittee, I feel it is impor-tant to highlight some of the complica-tions that we are compounding for next year, again, despite the very best ef-forts of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and the members of our subcommittee and the full committee. First, the CR hinders the DoD from adapting to emergency conditions around the globe. Although we have in-cluded a few adjustments in this CR, many more programs and initiatives were not addressed, and we will have created unforeseen but real impacts to our warfighters and their families. Second, the defense budget that we are deferring was planned for back in late 2015. Our actions to complete the fiscal year 2017 appropriations process by April 28 will present the Depart-ment with a fundamental management challenge. Third, it will require a significant amount of interchange with the DOD for Congress to complete the work for the remainder of this fiscal year’s ap-propriation into spring. Those same in-dividuals and offices in the Department will simultaneously be making adjust-ments to the 2018 budget for the new administration. While it is likely that a 2018 budget request will be delayed beyond the normal first week in Feb-ruary, the two activities will overlap significantly, and it creates inefficien-cies. Let me also point out the Depart-ment will be well into the development of its fiscal year 2019 budget at the same time. The Department will be presenting the fiscal year 2018 budget to the Congress. At the same time, it will patiently be waiting for the resolu-tion of this budget, all the while oper-ating under 2016 levels that we have now extended with two consecutive CRs. This CR has the likelihood of being particularly disruptive because it also coincides with the change in the execu-tive branch. So while claiming to rec-ognize the difficulty the new President faces, we add a much greater burden to the incoming administration and the next Congress by not completing our work now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7518 December 8, 2016 
In closing, I again appreciate the work of the chairman, the ranking member, the staff, and the committee. I regret that we find ourselves on the House floor again creating manufac-tured uncertainty. I am sorely disappointed that despite the very best efforts of Chairman R
OGERS , Rank- ing Member L
OWEY , and the members of our committee, we yet again find ourselves in the position of considering another Continuing Resolution (CR). In June, during the debate on the House floor for H.R. 5293, the Fiscal Year 2017 De-fense Appropriations Act, I expressed my con-cerns with that bill because it did not provide enough funding to support the warfighter for the full fiscal year. Specifically, I stated that our ‘‘fiscal year begins on October 1, 2016, not May 1, 2017, and it is the responsibility of those of us holding office in the 2nd session of the 114th Congress to execute the FY 2017 appropriations process,’’ and that we should demonstrate some legislative pragmatism and not foist our responsibility upon the 115th Congress. Unfortunately, almost exactly six months later, it is appropriate to repeat myself. Only in this circumstance it is applicable to nearly the entire federal government and not just a small portion of the Defense Appropria-tions Bill. With regard to the CR, I grant that it has some positive aspects. Most notably it averts a government shutdown until at least April 28, 2017. It provides much needed funding to the Department of Defense for Overseas Contin-gency Operations and the European Reassur-ance Initiative. And it contains $170 million to address the infrastructure and health needs of those communities affected by contaminated drinking water. However, CRs are no way to run a nation and I wholeheartedly agree with Ranking Member L
OWEY that there is no practical rea-son that two months into a fiscal year, we are kicking the can down the road for another five months. Congress has no credibility to de-mand good government if it is incapable of providing appropriations to the whole of the federal government in a timely and predictable manner. As the Ranking Member on the Defense Subcommittee, I feel it is important to highlight some of the complications we are compounding in 2017 should the Department of Defense have to operate under a CR for a total of 6 months and 28 days. First, CRs hinder the DoD from adapting to emerging conditions around the globe. Al-though we are including a few anomalies and adjustments in this CR, many more programs and initiatives simply did not make the ‘‘cut- list’’ and we will have created unforeseen but real impacts to our warfighters and their fami-lies. Second, the defense budget we are defer-ring was planned for back in late 2015. Our actions to complete the FY 2017 appropria-tions by April 28, 2017, will be challenged in synchronizing a final budget solution that is at a minimum 16 months later than when it was drafted and planned by the Defense Depart-ment. Third, it will require a significant amount of interchange with the DoD for Congress to complete the work on the remainder of the FY 2017 appropriations in the spring. Those same individuals and offices in the Department will simultaneously be making adjustments to the FY 2018 budget for the new administration. And while it is likely that the FY 2018 budget request will be delayed beyond the normal first Tuesday in February delivery, the two activi-ties will overlap significantly, which is incred-ibly inefficient. Let me just further that thought by acknowl-edging that the Department will be well into their development of the FY 2019 budget at that same time. They will be presenting the FY 2018 budget to this Congress. And patiently waiting for resolution of this FY 2017 budget. All the while operating at FY 2016 levels that we extended in two consecutive CRs because we cannot find the initiative and political will to complete our jobs. And this CR has the likelihood of being par-ticularly disruptive because it also coincides with a change in the Executive Branch. As has been pointed out, no incoming Administration has ever had to inherit a Department of De-fense operating under a CR. So while claiming to recognize the difficulty a new President faces by including a provision to allow the ex-pedited consideration in the Senate of legisla-tion that overrides current law in the appoint-ment of the next Secretary of Defense, we add a much greater burden to the incoming administration and Congress by not com-pleting the FY 2017 Appropriation process. I understand that Chairman ROGERS has de- scribed the legislation before us as just a Band-Aid to give us time to complete the an-nual appropriations process. That is unfortu-nately a refrain we have heard too often in re-cent Congresses. In what fiscal year will we stop putting Band-Aids over our self-inflicted wounds to the appropriations process? The American people deserve so much more. In closing, I regret that we again find our-selves on the House floor creating manufac-tured uncertainty. It is imperative that we bring an end to the reliance on CRs and get back into the habit of completing our budgetary work in a timely manner. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), who chairs the largest civilian piece of the Federal budget, the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, on our committee. The gentleman is the most articulate member of our com-mittee, I would say, and one of the great Members of this body. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank the gentleman for yielding and those extremely kind and gracious words, and I certainly rise in support of this very important bill. I want to echo the praise that has been offered on this floor by members of both parties for our chairman, who is bringing his last full appropriations bill to the floor as the full committee chairman, and just tell him what a pleasure it has been to work under his leadership and to learn, frankly, at his knee, and usually with a pretty good cigar at the same time. So I have enjoyed that, and I think he has done a great job. I also want to congratulate my friend, the ranking member. This is a chairman and a ranking member that, frankly, have done their jobs the last 2 years. All 12 bills were reported out of the Appropriations Committee most years, and all 12 should have been on this floor and dealt with, and I regret that they were not. There are a lot of good things in this continuing resolution—as has been mentioned earlier, the additional funds for biomedical research, the adjust-ments and extra funding for defense at a critical time for our country, and certainly the disaster relief funds which certain parts of our country share—but I know this is not the bill that Chairman ROGERS wanted to bring to this floor. Frankly, we have got to get out of this. I couldn’t agree more with my friend from Indiana who said it pretty well: this is not this committee’s fault. It is a failure in this Congress. This is the responsibility of this Congress and this administration to write the bill for next year. This is a failure to meet that responsibility. It is a necessary step, and I certainly will support it, but we have simply got to get back to the point of regular order. Next year, believe me, I will push very hard to make sure we don’t have another CR on April 28 and that we ac-tually do the appropriations for FY17— we shouldn’t be doing it in FY17, but that would be better than another CR— and then we will push to make sure that we do the FY18. I know the chair-man has done everything humanly pos-sible to do that, and I know he has had a willing partner in that in the ranking member. So let’s all make a New Year’s reso-lution. Let’s pass this bill, but let’s get back to regular order. Let’s restore things. There is a bipartisan sense of frustration on the Appropriations Com-mittee, and, frankly, the leadership on both sides in this body need to work to achieve that. It is not an Appropria-tions Committee failure. This is the failure of Congress—the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate—to do its job. That should not happen again. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the measure. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to enter into a colloquy with Chairman R
OGERS . Mr. Speaker, section 170(b) of the continuing resolution creates a contin-gency fund which could make available an additional $200 million after March 1. Can you clarify if the additional funds in section 170(b) will be available for obligation for three fiscal years, the same period of time as other fiscal year 2017 funds appropriated to carry out the same purpose? Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Will the gentlewoman yield? Mrs. LOWEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. The an-swer is yes. Mrs. LOWEY. Thank you, Mr. Chair-man. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7519 December 8, 2016 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this opportunity to dis-cuss this short-term healthcare provi-sion for coal miners that is in the CR. A few months ago, approximately 20,000 retired coal miners and their families received notices that they would lose their health benefits at the end of this year—not for anything that they did, but because of President Obama’s war on coal and the excessive regulations that have forced their former employers into bankruptcy. b1245 Remember, these men and women did nothing to cause this problem. The ex-tension of their healthcare benefits will give these families, unfortunately, little relief. It is for only 4 months, not any longer. After this bill passes, in just a few short weeks, they will be back in the same position. They will get the same notice. I am deeply disturbed that this bill does not include a long-term solution. Some in the Senate are even willing to kill this bill, but, in so doing, they would be abandoning the 20,000 coal miners. We can’t do that. We have to accept what we have. We can’t turn our back on these families. Stopping this CR would put 20,000 people in harm’s way. So I am sup-porting its passage, extending my hand to the leadership, and asking that they work with me when we return next Congress to find a long-term solution. Our coal miners deserve the peace of mind to know that their benefits will not be threatened in the future. I am willing to work with leadership, and anyone else, in Congress to get that done. Mr. Chairman, I have enjoyed very much working with you for the last 6 years. So my question to you is: Is it your understanding that we will have the opportunity to pursue a long-term solution and fund the healthcare bene-fits of retired coal miners in the first months of the 115th Congress and be-fore the CR expires? Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CKINLEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Yes, that is my understanding. Just across the river from you, in my home State of Kentucky, there are thousands of re-tired miners who will be impacted by the expiration of these healthcare ben-efits, many of them in my district. These miners have worked hard their entire lives to earn these benefits, and they deserve to know that the promises made to them, while working day in and day out in the mines, will be hon-ored. I am committed to working with you and other Members representing coal country to arrive at a lasting solution to this problem in the new Congress and to provide some lasting relief to our coalfields, which have suffered so much in the last 8 years. Mr. MCKINLEY. Reclaiming my time, thank you, Mr. Speaker. I look forward to working with you. You have been very honorable, and someone that I have truly enjoyed working with. As we proceed on this in the next year, I think we can be successful. With in-coming Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I am even more excited. This is a way to get a final resolution. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New York has 22 min-utes remaining. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the ranking member of the Energy and Water Subcommittee on Appropriations. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and com-pliment her on her work as ranking member, and to the chairman of our full committee, Mr. R
OGERS , an incred-ible chairman. Both of them did their work. I rise today—as the underlying bill that all of this is attached to is our en-ergy and water bill—appalled at this Christmas tree bill that the Republican leadership has foisted on this Congress in the last minute. This is exactly the type of bill the public hates. The top brass over there literally disrespected our committee work and produced, instead, a rotten egg. Today, we will take a vote that forces us to choose between shutting the govern-ment down 2 weeks before Christmas or supporting a disgrace of a funding bill, laced with nongermane, controversial provisions. What kind of choice is this? What happened to the Republican’s top pri-ority of funding the government under regular order? It is not our commit-tee’s fault. We did our job. What hap-pened to voting on 12 appropriations bills and allowing amendments under regular order? We want to do that, but we are being handcuffed. I will tell you what happened. The Republican leaders threw out our up- to-date bills. They threw them in the trash, and they replaced them with yet another bill that looks in the rearview mirror with numbers that are 2 years old and doesn’t meet America’s current realities. It forces our government agencies, including Defense, which Re-publicans claim to care so passionately about, to operate without any predict-ability or stability. This is disgraceful. No wonder Americans are so mad at us. If Republicans wanted to take care of the military, they have failed. The military has never, ever operated under a continuing resolution during a Presi-dential transition until now. Imagine how the commanders in the field feel when the April deadline hits. What is going to happen in May? If Republicans wanted to take care of American workers, they have failed. This resolution abandons hardworking coal miners after years of faithful serv-ice, right at Christmastime. Gosh, what a Christmas present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 1 minute. Ms. KAPTUR. If Republicans wanted to run the House under regular order, they have failed. They only brought up half of the 2017 bills to the floor for a vote. Where are the other six? If Republicans wanted to fund the government in a responsible and effi-cient way, they have failed. This resolution will likely cost us millions of dollars more in delayed projects, contract breaches, and lost American jobs. Is this a sign of what is to come? What happens on April 28 when this filthy Band-Aid falls off? If we can’t pass bills under regular order this year—when we had a bipar-tisan budget agreement and a Repub-lican majority—what will we do in May when we have not only the rest of the 2017 budget to fix but also the 2018 budget and the debt ceiling to address? I wonder what chaotic path the Re-publican leaders will lead us down in the new year? This is certainly a sign, a terrible sign, of what is to come. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the outstanding chairman of the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, first, I must join a long line of folks congratu-lating our friend and chairman of the important Appropriations Committee, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), for great service, assembling a wonderful, hardworking staff, and making sure that, particularly at Christmastime now, we are not going to be looking at shutting down the gov-ernment. I rise in support of this CR, the con-tinuing resolution. I want to just in-form a couple of my colleagues of some of the very important provisions that are included in this package, including funding to begin some of the work en-acting 21st Century Cures and relief for families in Flint, Michigan, and else-where around the country. There is not a single person in this Chamber watching at home today who has not been touched by disease in some way. We have said all too many goodbyes to the people that we hold dear. Every day, countless folks living vibrant lives are delivered unexpected diagnoses. It is a cycle that repeats itself over and over in every commu-nity. Life can change in an instant, and hope seems sometimes out of reach. Whether it be Alzheimer’s, lupus, MS, cancer, you name the disease—diabe-tes. That is why both the House and the Senate overwhelmingly passed the bi-partisan 21st Century Cures Act with 392 votes in the House and 94 in the Senate just yesterday. It is set to be signed into law next week, and our ef-fort will help change the conversation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.045 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7520 December 8, 2016 
on innovation and research. But it is patients that it is going to help the most. This bill fulfills our commitment to hit the ground running immediately in our effort to deliver cures now, deliv-ering valuable funds in this fiscal year, something that was critical as we worked together on both sides of the aisle in both the House and the Senate to get it done. The bill also fulfills our commitment to the folks of Flint, Michigan. Again, an issue that we have dealt with. I commend Mr. K
ILDEE , who is on the floor, for working with him in a bipar-tisan way. The system failed them at every level of government. But that is not what the folks in Flint wanted to hear. They wanted answers. This bill fi-nally delivers that, and it has been a long struggle. And, again, I commend the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE) for his leadership on this. We worked together. This bill provides the effort to right those past wrongs. They want answers and results, and this bill delivers exactly that. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this bill and send it to the Senate and then to the President. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), the ranking mem-ber of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Financial Services and General Government. (Mr. SERRANO asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. I rise to join my voice to those from New York and other places who con-tinue to ask: Why not fairness in reim-bursing New York City for the work that it is doing, the money that it is spending, to take care of the President- elect? We don’t have a problem with safeguarding him, but someone should pay, other than the local government. I must remind you, or warn you, that he loves New York, and that is fine. I suspect this will be a President who will spend a lot of time in New York City, rather than in the White House. That might sell well on some TV net-works, but it won’t sell well for the taxpayers of New York. So I think it is important for us now to be able to get New York the $35 mil-lion it has already paid. Now, there is $7 million in the bill, and some will say, I can’t vote for this because it only has $7 million. I am looking at Chairman R
OGERS , I am looking at Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , and I sus-pect that this is a downpayment on what is to come, and that the negotia-tions will get better. As I close, let me just take a second to say, H
AL, you have been a great chairman. Every time I get up and you look to your right, which is not dif-ficult for you to do, but when you look to your right and you single me out to speak, I have always felt that I am part of the team. You are not leaving the Congress, but you are leaving the chairmanship. We are going to miss you in that position, but you are re-placed by a friend who now has to sit closer to me when I travel on the train so I can tell him all of my thoughts. I thank you. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), a member of the Armed Services Sub-committee on Appropriations. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for giv-ing me a couple of minutes here to speak on behalf of this bill. I am not real sure, Mr. Speaker, how much more constructive I could be on this discussion of this underlying bill. The truth has already been spoken by both sides. It is not the bill that we wanted to bring to the floor. It is not the bills that we have marked up after some very serious oversight meetings and discussions within the Appropria-tions Committee. As has already been mentioned, we have moved each of the 12 bills through committee. Only half of them have made it through the floor of the House. So it is not the final product that any of us on the Appropriations Com-mittee, and I would guess most of the people in our Congress, would have wanted to bring. But it is the bill that is on the floor today, and it is quite essential that we pass it and leave for the holidays with-out turning Washington upside down or our economy upside down. So I support the underlying bill, and I would rec-ommend that it get a thunderous amount of approval here within in the Congress. Before I close, I can’t help but re-member back 6 years ago, Mr. Speaker, when I came to this Congress. During the orientation period, I had an oppor-tunity to engage in conversation with my friend from Kentucky, H
ALROGERS . I told him then that I wanted to be on his committee. I knew he was com-mitted to regular order, and I knew he understood the process. I had the desire to serve on a committee that was actu-ally going to do something that Wash-ington is not real familiar with, and that is cut spending. He has done that. I promised him that I would be will-ing to take the tough votes, and that I would be standing there with him and the rest of my colleagues on the Appro-priations Committee to do our job—to restore regular order and, really, the Article I powers that the Congress should enjoy. b1300 He has never failed me, nor has he failed our committee. Our Congress— our House—should appreciate what this gentleman has done with this regard. I thank the gentleman from Ken-tucky for the leadership he has given our committee, and I thank him for the time here to express my feelings pub-licly on the floor of the House. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), the ranking member on the Transportation, Hous-ing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Sub-committee. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I thank our ranking member, and I asso-ciate myself with the kind remarks others have made regarding our depart-ing chairman, with whom I also share many years of productive and coopera-tive work in this institution. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this continuing resolution includes signifi-cant funding to help ensure that North Carolina and other affected States have the resources necessary to recover and rebuild in the wake of Hurricane Mat-thew and other major storms that struck earlier this year. As North Carolina’s only member on the Appropriations Committee, secur-ing this funding has been my top pri-ority since Hurricane Matthew made landfall, and I am grateful for the bi-partisan cooperation of our State’s congressional delegation and also of the Appropriations Committee leader-ship throughout this entire process. The bill before us also includes crit-ical funding to address the Flint water crisis, our national opioid epidemic, and Vice President B
IDEN’s Cancer Moonshot initiative. It is heartening to see these efforts bear fruit, but this bipartisan success stands in stark contrast to how the Re-publican leadership of this House has managed the appropriations end game this year. Rather than work in a pro-ductive way with Democrats to finalize our fiscal year 2017 appropriations bills, Republican leaders of the House have, again, decided, this time in con-nivance with the Trump transition, to abandon the appropriations bills we ne-gotiated in good faith in favor of yet another stopgap measure, this one ar-bitrarily lasting for 5 months. This doesn’t bode well for the appro-priations process. We have heard the alarm bells sounded here today by ap-propriations leaders from both sides of the aisle. Make no mistake, there are some im-mediate consequences as well. This CR will damage HUD programs that serve our most vulnerable populations. It will prevent States from receiving new highway and transit funding called for in the bipartisan FAST Act. The CR also contains a partisan anti-safety provision that would block overnight rest requirements for commercial truck drivers, endangering highway travel for millions of drivers across the country. Perhaps the most egregious, as well as unprecedented, is the inclusion of a waiver for President-elect Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Defense. Whatever the merits of this nomina-tion, setting aside the 7-year waiting period that is designed to protect the civilian control of the military de-serves more deliberation and debate than a CR provides. Mr. Speaker, as we enter this period of political uncertainty, I hope that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.047 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7521 December 8, 2016 
can commit in future fiscal years to an appropriations process that allows us to exercise the power of the purse—this body’s essential constitutional power— in a measured and bipartisan way. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ), who chairs the all-important Energy and Water Development, and Related Agen-cies Subcommittee on our committee. Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the chairman for the time. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the chairman for the job he has done over the last 6 years of leading this com-mittee. It is a difficult job. We have to make tough choices, and this com-mittee has been willing to do this. I ap-preciate the leadership that the chair-man and Ranking Member L
OWEY have provided for this committee and for the direction in which we have been able to go. Let me say also, Mr. Speaker, that I don’t really like what we are doing here. I don’t think anybody on the Ap-propriations Committee likes what we are doing here. We all know it is nec-essary because we don’t want the gov-ernment to shut down, but it is amaz-ing to listen to the number of people who come on the floor. I know all of the Appropriations Committee mem-bers want to get back to regular order and do individual bills, conference them, and then do individual con-ference reports of all of the bills. That is what should be done. That is called regular order. The last time that was done was in 1994; 22 years ago. Under Republican and Democrat leadership, we have not been able to do it in the last 22 years, and it is time we do. It is amazing the number of people who come to the floor and who aren’t on the Appropriations Committee who say, Man, we need to get back to reg-ular order. We all agree with that. So how do we do it? I will tell you how we do it. It takes a commitment. It takes a commitment of Republican and Democratic leader-ship that, if you are going to have open rules, which is when any amendment can be offered—a lot of these appro-priations bills come to the floor, and we have 100 or 150 amendments of-fered—they take a lot of time to pass. That is okay, but we have got to have a commitment that we are going to spend the time on the floor to do these appropriations bills. We are willing to do that, but it takes a commitment from leadership that we are going to have the floor time. We used to have a time when, all dur-ing the month of June and the first of July, it was called appropriations sea-son. We were here for 6 weeks in a row, 5 days a week—sometimes until very late at night and early in the morn-ing—doing the appropriations bills. We don’t do that anymore. We have a new schedule because the district work pe-riod is very important also, and I un-derstand that for a lot of Members. At about every third week, we go home and do work in our districts. That time is important, but we are elected to do a job. We have got to be in Washington, and we have got to be on the floor, and we have got to be debating these bills if we want to get back to regular order. We act as if it comes down from on high that, geez, this just can’t happen, like it is not in our control. It is in our control. We on both sides of the aisle need to make a commitment that we will get back to regular order and do individual appropriations bills because that is the way this place is supposed to work. I thank the chairman for all of the job and all of the effort that he and Ranking Member LOWEY have done to bring us back to regular order to the extent we can, and, hopefully, we will keep moving forward. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. F
ARR), the ranking member of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Ap-propriations. Mr. FARR. I thank the ranking mem-ber for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is a very bitter-sweet moment for me. It is the last time I will speak on this floor after 23 years of serving in the House of Rep-resentatives. It is sweet because it is about the ap-propriations process and the wonderful camaraderie on that committee, which, I think, is the most important com-mittee and the most exciting com-mittee in Congress because you deal with all aspects of how government op-erates. You really do the policy wonk, the technical stuff, the drilling down— all of those words we use in order to understand how government works and how much it is going to cost. You have just heard this incredible bipartisan-ship of people—those dedicated to the job they were elected to do on the com-mittees they serve on—do the appro-priations process. All of that has devel-oped this incredible friendship and, I think, professional respect we have for one another regardless of our philoso-phies. The bitterness of it is that you have just heard everyone so eloquently speak about the failure of the process in that we are doing a CR that nobody wants to do. Why is that? Frankly—and they are not saying it—I think this is the first test of how the Congress is going to respond to the new President-elect Trump’s agenda. It was our former Member—now Vice President-elect—Mike Pence who said: We want a CR. He served in this House, and he knows the process. We were all in agreement. We were going to do a com-prehensive bill. We have caved to this request, and we shouldn’t have, be-cause this is the only place in which you do checks and balances. The abuses of the administration can be only checked and balanced mostly on this committee. It is going to be a tough year next year, Mr. Speaker. It is going to be a tough year. Some of the proposals being made are really radical. They are going to cut a lot of things and hurt a lot of people if this Congress doesn’t correct them. We have a sense of how to do that, but we can’t do it with a CR. So I leave here really appreciative of the incredible responsibility that my electorate has given me to be here—the privilege of being in the House of Rep-resentatives. I really have loved the op-portunity to be on the Appropriations Committee. I respect, through the lead-ership of our chair and of our ranking member, they have been able to produce some remarkable appropria-tions bills. I will just say to my colleagues: Take back your power. Be what the elec-torate wants. Be what the Constitution asks us to do. Be that serious-minded, representational government that real-ly drills down on how all of govern-ment is going to operate. Don’t cave in to CRs. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. FARR. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman and I do not agree on many issues, but I think all of us agree that he has been an out-standing Member of the Congress. He has been a workhorse on our com-mittee, and we are going to miss him. Congratulations to you on a great ca-reer. Thank you for serving. Mr. FARR. In reclaiming my time, I thank the chairman. I really appre-ciate those kind remarks. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, once again, this Congress has abandoned its responsibility to provide a full-year ap-propriation. Months of hard work were thrown away, pushing important fund-ing decisions down the road. I have heard from families and business lead-ers in my district who are worried about the uncertainty that continuing resolutions create in their daily lives. It is not a good way to govern. It is not a good way forward for our country. As the ranking member of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Subcommittee, I am disappointed that this bill only provides 5 months of funding for priorities like clean air, clean water, national parks, and our treaty obligations. We need to secure funding for hos-pitals and for schools in Indian Coun-try, and it should be for a full year. We need to manage our national forests and parks and the Environmental Pro-tection Agency’s monitoring of toxins 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.053 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7522 December 8, 2016 
that threaten the health of our fami-lies. The decision that we have before us today only allows these programs to continue for 5 months and be in jeop-ardy again in April. This bill does take one important step, however, to assist with the lead poisoning crisis in Flint; although, it is less than what is needed and it comes far too late. I thank, however, Chairman C
ALVERT  and Chairman R
OGERS , and I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for their work to ensure that this bill does not con-tain any new policy riders that would impact the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee’s ju-risdiction. My biggest concern with this legisla-tion, however, is not interior-related, but, instead, involves the fundamental principle of our democracy. The deci-sion by Republican leadership to in-clude language that would limit a full public debate on Senate confirmation for the nominee of Secretary of De-fense is alarming. Civilian control of our military has been a cornerstone of American democracy since our coun-try’s founding. When the Secretary of Defense position was created in 1947, this principle was enshrined into law. I think the decision moving forward in this bill is deeply concerning to all Americans. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), a member of the Committee on Financial Services. Mr. KILDEE. I thank my friend and colleague, the ranking member, for yielding and for her work on behalf of my hometown of Flint. She has been one of the strong advocates. Mr. Speaker, no piece of legislation that I have yet seen in the 4 years I have been in Congress and that has come before this floor is perfect, and this bill is included; but the people of Flint today—the people of my home-town—cannot drink their water be-cause of actions by the State govern-ment and, frankly, as we know, be-cause of the failure of the Federal Gov-ernment, through the EPA, to alert the citizens of Flint to the crisis. The fact that their water had been poisoned has caused this community to face the big-gest crisis that it has faced in all of its years. b1315 I am a product of Flint, Michigan. I grew up in Flint. Everything I have, everything I am, I owe to that commu-nity—and it has faced some terrible struggles over the years: the loss of manufacturing jobs, 90 percent of those manufacturing jobs are gone; the loss of half of its population, blight and abandonment. It is a community that had just begun to rebuild itself when this water crisis caused Flint to face the toughest times it has ever faced. It needs every level of government to step up to provide relief. This bill includes necessary funding to put Flint back on a path that allows its citizens to have the basic human right of clean drinking water. So I ask my colleagues, as we go forward, obvi-ously consider all of the elements of all legislation, but also keep in mind this is the last day of this session of Con-gress in the House of Representatives, this is our last chance to provide that much-needed help to my hometown. This is why I was sent to Congress: to fight for the people whom I represent, to make sure they have what they need, and to make sure, at this mo-ment of their greatest need, that every level of government responds to them. That is why I will support this bill, and I would hope my colleagues will join me in that. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ), who chairs the all-important Homeland Security Subcommittee on our committee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud member of the Appropriations Committee. I have one of the most difficult areas as far as current events in the country, and that is homeland security. I don’t like a CR any more than any other appropriator likes a CR, but our job is to fund the government. The Constitution tells us we are to fund the government, and we have hardworking people like H
ALROGERS , who reads the Constitution and realizes we have got to take the best medium we can for now and fund the government. So, of course, I am going to support this CR and I hope all my colleagues will. I want to tell you, all of us on the Appropriations Committee go through the entire process of doing the best we can for the departments we represent, to give them suggestions of leadership and direction to fund the projects that they need, to take care of the employ-ees who work there and take care of the mission of every department we have. To have to see cede all that to a CR is painful, but reality is reality. The government must go on, and at this point in this time the government will go on with a CR. I also wanted to get up and say, as you go through these battles, wonder-ful people like my chairman and rank-ing member, Mr. R
OGERS and Mrs. L
OWEY , fight through the frustrations through the entire committee, and we do this. Yet these great minds like H
AL R
OGERS know what it takes to make things work around here, and they are willing to put in the time and the ef-fort to get it done no matter how it has to be done. Our preference is to pass all appropriations bills into law. A neces-sity at this time is a CR, and I trust absolutely that my chairman is doing the right thing. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), from the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Homeland Security. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding, and I thank her for her leadership. I want to associate myself with the words about the chairman, Mr. ROGERS , and thank him for his years of commit-ment and dedication to this Nation. I also want to acknowledge my good friend S
AMFARR, and I thank him so very much for being so strong and com-mitted to the right things of this body and the Nation. I thank him for his service. I join with my colleagues. Many have said this is the wrong way to fund the government, that appropriations legis-lation done by the Appropriations Committee was ready and done. I join my colleague who says that we caved. We conceded to not doing our job in the 114th Congress, and for that reason, I am very concerned. Earlier today we had the WRDA bill, and I support that bill for the many projects that are going to help the citi-zens of Texas. I wish I could say the same thing as we go into the con-tinuing resolution, for, yes, we have suffered in the State of Texas. There is $1 billion for the Army Corps of Engi-neers, $1.8 billion for the Community Development Block Grant, and $1 bil-lion for the Federal highway. Certainly, I would say, in the WRDA bill is the authorization for helping the people of Flint and a reform of the Safe Drinking Water Act to make sure we protect our children from lead-filled water. That is a good thing, but it is not a good thing to only put $100 mil-lion in for Flint. But I support my col-league from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) be-cause this money is needed, and it is needed now. I think there is more we can do, and we should have done it in regular order; and if we had done regular order, a few more days, we would have passed appropriations bills. Let me also say that what really skews and takes this bill, the CR, off its wheels is the waiver, the expedited process of trying to move forward a nominee of the incoming President, violating statutory law that has not been utilized in 66 years since the fa-mous General Marshall was selected. Why not regular order—hearings, legis-lation, understanding what this will do to the military-civilian separation? Mr. Speaker, let me simply say we have got to do our job the right way. The CR is not the right way. The American people need us to do our job the right way. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028, the ‘‘Energy and Water and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2016.’’ This bill is an imperfect vehicle for appro-priations for FY 2017, because it does not fully fund the government for the entire fiscal year; it includes language to change a law that is unrelated to the budgetary or appropriations process; and it keeps in place sequestration. The leadership of the House is using the last day the 114th Congress will be in session 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.050 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7523 December 8, 2016 
to do work that should take 8 months to com-plete in a regular appropriations process. Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028 goes against sound fiscal practice by including the budget gimmickry known as sequestration, a fiscal bludgeon that makes across the board cuts in funding for the valuable services de-pended upon by American children, seniors, workers, veterans, students, and small busi-nesses. Mr. Speaker, the Continuing Resolution be-fore us extends current Fiscal Year 2017 gov-ernment funding through April 28, 2017, at its current rate, which includes an across-the- board cut of .19% for all accounts, defense and non-defense. Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028 also does something very serious, and has nothing to do with funding the federal government; this bill changes the number of years a retired mem-ber of the armed services must wait before being considered for the position of Secretary of Defense. The bill’s critical imperfection has nothing to do with funding the federal government—it is a change in law that would allow a retired mili-tary person to serve after only 3 years of re-tirement instead of 7. The service to our nation and the honor and integrity of the person under consideration at present to be the next Secretary of Defense is not in question—it is the reason why there is a waiting period and why that is important. By placing this change in a continuing reso-lution—a bill designed not to allow more than an hour of debate and no changes is not the vehicle we should use to make this change. If President Obama had suggested a change in law to be accomplished in a con-tinuing resolution appropriations bill, his re-quest would have been denied. The politicization of the legislative process has seriously undermined the credibility of the Congress to do the important work of funding the federal government. Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that we have again been placed in the position of hav-ing to fund the government through the device of a continuing resolution rather than through the normal appropriations process of consid-ering and voting on the twelve separate spending bills reported by the Committee on Appropriations. The use of this appropriations measure to further a political objective adds further insult to this body and the appropriations process. There are oversight committees with the knowledge, expertise and experience to make the determination on whether this change is prudent and if they determine that it is—to make the appropriate changes in law. Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028 is not per-fect—far from it—but it is a modest and posi-tive step toward preventing Republicans from shutting down the government again and man-ufacturing crises that only harm our economy, destroy jobs, and weaken our middle class. The government shutdown of 2013, which was manufactured by the Republican majority, lasted 16 days and cost taxpayers $24 billion. The cost to federal employees and the peo-ple they serve cannot be calculated. Mr. Speaker, as with any compromise there are some things in the agreement that I sup-port and some things that I strongly oppose. For example, I support the provisions in the Continuing Resolution ensuring that funding for appropriated entitlements continue at a rate maintaining program levels under current law. The Continuing Resolution provides $4 bil-lion in emergency funding for disaster relief for damage caused by Hurricane Matthew in North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida; and severe flooding that occurred in Texas, Louisiana, West Virginia, and elsewhere. Funding includes: $1 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers to repair damage to federal projects resulting from recent severe storms; $1.8 billion for the Community Development Block Grant; $1 billion for the Federal Highway Adminis-tration’s Emergency Relief program to rebuild infrastructure after natural disasters; The Continuing Resolution includes $5.8 bil-lion in Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funding for defense priorities from the budget amendment submitted in November: $5.1 billion is to support counterterrorism operations; and $652 million is to support the European Re-assurance Initiative. The Continuing Resolution includes $4.3 bil-lion in Overseas Continency Operations fund-ing for non-defense priorities, including: $1.6 billion for Embassy Security; $1.2 billion for Economic and Stabilization Assistance, including countering Russian influ-ence; $916 million for Humanitarian Assistance to respond to 65 million displaced persons; $160 million for State Department and USAID operations; and $404 million in Security Assistance for civil-ian police training and judicial aid, anti-ter-rorism training and explosive ordnance re-moval, peacekeeping and stabilization pro-grams in Africa and the Middle East; The Continuing Resolution provides: $100 million for making capitalization grants to Flint, Michigan under the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds. These funds will ad-dress lead or other contaminants in drinking water, including repair and replacement of lead service lines and public water system in-frastructure; $20 million for Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation (WIFIA) Grants to finance water infrastructure efforts, including those to address lead and other contaminants in drink-ing water systems; $20 million for a Lead Exposure Registry to collect data on lead exposure and an Advisory Committee to review programs, services, and research related to lead poisoning prevention; $15 million in additional funding for CDC’s Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Pro-gram to conduct screenings and referrals for children with elevated blood lead levels; and $15 million in additional funding for HRSA’s Healthy Start Program to reduce infant mor-tality and improve perinatal outcomes. The Continuing Resolution appropriates $872 million from accounts funded by the 21st Century Cures Act, including: $500 million to support grants to States to respond to the opioid abuse crisis; and $352 million to support biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health. Mr. Speaker, to illustrate how strongly I feel about the need to end sequestration, let me chronicle the severity of the suffering and pain inflicted by sequestration on the most vulner-able residents of Texas and the constituents that I serve. Head Start and Early Head Start services were eliminated or severely impacted with ap-proximately 4,800 children being impacted throughout the state of Texas. Families in my district who rely on Federal Government programs like Head Start are hurting. The pain did not start with the 2013 shut-down, but with sequestration which hit Head Start programs for 3 to 4 year olds in the Houston area hard: $5,341 million cut; 109 Employees cut; 699 Slots for children cut. Head Start and Early Head Start Programs were further stressed by the federal govern-ment shutdown. My support of Head Start and Early Head Start is based on what I have seen and heard about programs like the AVANCE-Houston Early Head Start program serving parents and children in the 18th Congressional District. The AVANCE-Houston Early Head Start is a program serving low income families in my Houston, Texas District. I have visited with AVANCE-Houston admin-istrators many times to get an update on how low-income families with infants and toddlers and pregnant women served by the program were doing. The AVANCE-Houston Early Head Start’s mission is simple: AVANCE-Houston works for healthy prenatal outcomes for pregnant women, enhances the development of very young children, and promotes healthy family functioning. AVANCE-Houston serves nearly 1,800 chil-dren citywide; each of these families and their children are suffering the effect of the seques-tration. Sequestration has cost AVANCE-Houston over $842,518 in Head Start and Early Head Start lost funding and put on hold the head start on the future our children deserve. As I stated, Mr. Speaker, this Continuing Resolution is not perfect and it only funds the 
government until April 28, 2017. For that reason, I renew my call that all members of the House and Senate work to-gether to reach agreement on an appropriate budget framework that ends sequestration but does not harm our economy or require draco-nian cuts to the nation’s priorities. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the State of California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I commend her for her excellent leader-ship as the ranking Democratic mem-ber on the Appropriations Committee. As an appropriator myself, I under-stand the culture. I understand the ca-maraderie between parties. For that reason, I want to commend our distin-guished chairman, Mr. R
OGERS , for his wonderful service as the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. I served with him for many years on the committee. I know firsthand his con-cern for the American people, and I thank him for his service. I know he will continue as an appropriator, but I thank him for his leadership as chair-man. I join in commending one of our Members who is leaving, S
AMFARR, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.034 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7524 December 8, 2016 
his always looking out for America’s children, whether it was their health or education, especially in terms of their access to food security. I thank Mr. F
ARRfor his leadership. Mr. Speaker, it is with great regret that I come to the floor to express my personal disappointment with this leg-islation, and I will be voting ‘‘no.’’ My colleagues have asked me what I think about it. I am not urging them to do anything, but I am telling you why I think this is a missed opportunity. While we all recognize that it was a moral challenge for us to do something for the children of Flint, the manner in which it was done, in a bifurcated way, was used to get votes for another bill, which I think was wrong. But not to dwell on process—not to dwell on proc-ess—let’s just look at the facts. The facts are these: This will probably be billed at over $1.5 trillion, over $1.5 trillion. There could have been $170 million appro-priated for the children of Flint in this bill. Some would say that is not au-thorized. Probably $250 billion to $300 billion in this bill is not authorized, so why should the children of Flint have to step over a higher barrier? And that is just exemplary of the partisan na-ture of the bill. We have always worked in a bipar-tisan way, House and Senate appropria-tions, and then especially as we come to the end of the year. But this year it was Republican-Republican, House and Senate. Again, forget process. But what does that mean in terms of priorities? It means that Families First, an initia-tive to help foster kids in our country, something that had bipartisan support in the House and Senate, was rejected from consideration. It means, again, that the miners and the families of coal miners who needed—suppose that business that you work for, Mr. Speak-er, went bankrupt or declared them-selves insolvent and, therefore, your pension and your health care benefits disappeared. How would you feel? Well, that is just what happened to the min-ers, and what was needed was long- term security for them that Mr. M
CKINLEY , a Republican, put forth in his legislation that we hoped could be taken up and be part of this. But it was rejected by our Republican colleagues. It is interesting, because one of the other things that is not in this bill that we hoped would be is a correction to last year’s bill for extenders for renew-able energy. I was told by Republicans that we don’t want to do that for re-newable energy because we are fossil fuel guys. Well, if you are fossil fuel guys, take care of the miners and their families. The anticipation would be that there could be a 5-year proposal for pension and healthcare benefits. Right now, there is a 4-month provision for health care—4 months, not 5 years—not pen-sions and benefits, just health care. Why? Why is that so unimportant when we are talking about people who are part of a culture of coal mining in our country, which is fading, and they need help, and we should be here to help them? So, as we reject any proposals for re-newables that might provide many, many jobs for these same people, we are also rejecting their right to their health benefits and their pensions. The list goes on, but it is really so sad that the Flint issue should have been all in one bill. It was bifurcated for reasons I can’t explain, and that is why, if I can’t explain it, I am not vot-ing for it. That is why I call upon my colleagues. Recognizing the many good things in the bill but not meeting the needs of the American people, foster kids had bipartisan support in the House and Senate, but it was rejected—rejected. Now, there is funding for the opioids in this legislation, and I am pleased about that. I have been told that I should be happy about that because that was one of our requests. I think it was a bipartisan request of everyone, House and Senate, to have funding for opioids. That is what I thought. That is what I thought, and I am glad it is in the bill. So, in any event, for the opportunity lost, for the ignoring of some very le-gitimate proposals to help the Amer-ican people, for the rejection of Repub-lican suggestions in terms of the min-ers, for these and other reasons, I will be voting against this, regretfully. We have tried to work in a bipartisan way in the past, but this year, instead of four-poster, it is two; and that has had an impact on the content of what this is, and that content has an impact on the lives of the American people. With that, Mr. Speaker, I will just say that that is why I am not voting for the bill. Members will have to make their own decisions. But we cannot go down the path of missed opportunities and just roll over and not speak out and say this isn’t the best that we can do for the American people. We owe them much better than this bill. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1330 Mrs. LOWEY. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we conclude debate on the CR, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the service of Chairman R
OGERS . This may be the last bill Mr. R
OGERS will manage as full committee chairman. I have appreciated his part-nership and his friendship. I support his ultimate goal as chairman, to pass individual spending bills, allowing Members to exercise their constitu-tional duty of providing funding for government programs. It may be an understatement to say he has faced po-litical headwinds each year that made regular order out of reach, but I know he will remain as a senior member of the committee, and he will continue to work to pass full-year bills. I thank him for your partnership. Finally, I would be remiss if I didn’t take a moment to recognize my depart-ing colleagues on the committee. For 23 years, SAMFARR has worked tire-lessly to support agriculture, ensure the safety of our food and medicine, and protect the vitality and cleanliness of our oceans. He has also been a tire-less defender of our military veterans, the Peace Corps, and the institution of Congress itself. We are also losing the ranking mem-ber of the Commerce, Justice, Science Subcommittee, M
IKE HONDA . M IKE’s life experiences, including his early years with his family in a Japanese American internment camp, helped shape his efforts addressing income in-equality, LGBTQ equity, and tech-nology issues that are vital to his Sil-icon Valley district. New York and all of America’s mid-dle class are losing one of their strong-est advocates with S
TEVE ISRAEL , who has been a champion of our Armed Forces, clean air and water, and the U.S.-Israel relationship. On the Republican side, we will miss S
COTT RIGELL , DAVID JOLLY , and espe-cially my good friend, chairman of the Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, A
NDER CREN-
SHAW . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Kentucky has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I noted earlier, this may be the last time I speak before the body as chairman of the House Com-mittee on Appropriations. Let me first say how much I appreciate the friend-ship and the camaraderie with the gen-tlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). She has been a pleasure to work with. She is perceptive; she is persistent; she is a personal friend; and we enjoy a great friendship. Without a doubt, the last 6 years have had their ups and downs, but I have always been proud to serve the people of Kentucky, the people of this Nation, the Committee on Appropria-tions, and this great institution that we admire. Let me highlight, Mr. Speaker, just a few of these ups and downs that I men-tioned with one of my favorite exer-cises, a by-the-numbers reflection on our many shared experiences. Here is my by-the-numbers recollection of my last 6 years at the helm of the Com-mittee on Appropriations: 650, the number of hearings held by appropriations subcommittees. 140, the number of appropriations bills considered on the House floor. 19, the number of appropriations bills considered on the floor in just 1 month, October of 2013. 12, the number of appropriations bills we should pass every year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.052 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7525 December 8, 2016 
2,122, the number of floor amend-ments considered to appropriations bills. 555 and counting, the number of floor hours spent debating appropriations bills. 70, the number of appropriations bills enacted into law. Hopefully this will make it 71. Two trillion, the number of dollars saved in discretionary outlays as a di-rect result of our appropriations work. Too many to count, the number of ci-gars smoked in my office. And they were not only me. Number 1, the number of basketball championships won by the University of Kentucky. 70, the number of mighty fine Mem-bers who have served on the committee over the last 6 years. Incalculable, the number of hours our staff—the best on the Hill—have put into their tireless work on behalf of all of us. This includes late nights, week-ends, holidays, you name it. When we need them, they are there, and they have done a wonderful job. In particular, Mr. Speaker, let me take a moment to thank Will Smith, sitting beside me here. Will worked up the ranks in my personal office, serv-ing as my chief of staff before moving to the committee in 2011, first as dep-uty staff director and now as staff di-rector. He has been with me for so long and through so much, it is hard to cal-culate. In any year, he is a first-round draft pick, and I am fortunate to have had him by my side these past 6 years. He has done a wonderful, wonderful job. Thanks also to Mrs. L
OWEY and our Senate counterparts, Chairman C
OCH-
RAN and Ranking Member M IKULSKI , for all their partnership throughout the process, and the great work that they have done. Today is a bittersweet day, but I am deeply honored to have served this in-stitution at the head of the committee I love. I hope this institution and the people we serve are better off now be-cause of our work over the last 6 years. I know that under the steadfast leader-ship of our new chairman, my dear friend, R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , the progress we have made will only con-tinue to grow. In addition to Will, let me thank the front office staff of the committee: Will Smith, Jim Kulikowski, Dale Oak, Ste-phen Sepp, Jennifer Hing, Matt Leffingwell, Marta Hernandez, Tammy Hughes, Kaitlyn Eisner-Poor, Victoria Luck, Kelicia Rice, and Brad Allen. Thank you also to the clerks of the subcommittees, the people who really do the hard work: Tom O’Brien, John Martens, Rob Blair, Donna Shahbaz, Winnie Chang, Valerie Baldwin, Dave LesStrang, Susan Ross, Liz Dawson, Maureen Holohan, Craig Higgins, Dena Baron, and all of the staff who work with them in the subcommittees and in the full committee. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me thank you for the help that you have given me as chairman of the committee over the years, both on the committee and off, the friendships that we have devel-oped, the camaraderie that develops and exists on our committee and throughout the body. It has been a great honor to serve in this role. I look forward to continuing to work in the committee to do the Nation’s work. Thank you all for your collaboration, consideration, and your companionship over the last 6 years. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15-minute vote on adoption of the motion will be followed by 5-minute votes on adoption of the motion to recommit on S. 612; passage of S. 612, if ordered; and agree-ing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 326, nays 96, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 620] YEAS—326 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Evans Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—96 
Amash Bass Becerra Beyer Blum Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Crowley DeFazio DeSaulnier DesJarlais Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Eshoo Farr Franks (AZ) Fudge Gallego Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, Sam Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kind King (IA) Labrador Lee Lewis Lofgren Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Pallone Palmer Pearce Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Ross Russell Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.054 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7526 December 8, 2016 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Williams Wittman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Clyburn Fincher Forbes Green, Gene Kirkpatrick Poe (TX) Price, Tom Rush Sanchez, Loretta Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
b1403 Ms. ESHOO, Mr. TAKANO, Ms. MOORE, Messrs. GUTIEREZ, JEFFRIES, GOWDY, D
ESAULNIER, WEBER of Texas, and WALKER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ELLISON, Mses. SEWELL of Ala-bama, ROYBAL-ALLARD, and D
EGETTE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’’, of-fered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 184, nays 236, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 621] YEAS—184 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—13 
Clyburn Fincher Forbes Green, Gene Hardy Kirkpatrick McDermott Poe (TX) Price, Tom Renacci Sanchez, Loretta Smith (NJ) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1410 Mr. MARCHANT changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 621. (By unanimous consent, Mr. M
CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to inform my colleagues that, upon completion of our work today, the House will no longer be in session next week, and these will be the last votes expected in the 114th Congress. Additionally, I would like to recog-nize those Members who will not be re-turning next Congress. To those Mem-bers, we wish to say thank you for your hard work and for your service to this great body. Lastly, I would like to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. To those Members who are returning next Congress, I would say this: You can expect a very busy legislative schedule. You need to get your rest be-cause in the House we will be working to make America great again. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 360, noes 61, not voting 12, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.031 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7527 December 8, 2016 
[Roll No. 622] AYES—360 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—61 
Aderholt Allen Amash Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Capps Capuano Cartwright Cicilline Clark (MA) DeFazio DeGette DelBene DeSaulnier Eshoo Farr Franks (AZ) Gallego Grijalva Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Jordan Kilmer Lee Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Marino Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Neugebauer Pallone Palmer Pelosi Pocan Polis Quigley Ribble Roby Rogers (AL) Rush Salmon Sarbanes Schrader Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Titus Vargas Visclosky 
NOT VOTING—12 
Clyburn Evans Fincher Forbes Green, Gene Kirkpatrick Olson Poe (TX) Posey Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Westmoreland 
b1419 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 620, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 621, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 622. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF THE BILL S. 612 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CLAWSON of Florida). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 183 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill S. 612, the Secretary of the Senate shall make the following correction: Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to pro-vide for improvements to the rivers and har-bors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INSPECTOR GENERAL EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6450) to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6450 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Inspector General Empowerment Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Additional authority provisions for Inspectors General. Sec. 3. Additional responsibilities of the Council of the Inspectors Gen-eral on Integrity and Effi-ciency. Sec. 4. Reports and additional information. Sec. 5. Full and prompt access to all docu-ments. Sec. 6. Access to information for certain In-spectors General. Sec. 7. Technical and conforming amend-ments. Sec. 8. No additional funds authorized. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY PROVISIONS FOR INSPECTORS GENERAL. 
Section 6 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by section 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.039 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7528 December 8, 2016 
of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j)(1) In this subsection, the terms ‘agen-cy’, ‘matching program’, ‘record’, and ‘sys-tem of records’ have the meanings given those terms in section 552a(a) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) For purposes of section 552a of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, a computerized comparison of two or more automated Federal systems of records, or a computerized comparison of a Federal system of records with other records or non- Federal records, performed by an Inspector General or by an agency in coordination with an Inspector General in conducting an audit, investigation, inspection, evaluation, or other review authorized under this Act shall not be considered a matching program. ‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to impede the exercise by an In-spector General of any matching program authority established under any other provi-sion of law. ‘‘(k) Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to the collection of information during the conduct of an audit, investigation, inspection, eval-uation, or other review conducted by the Council of the Inspectors General on Integ-rity and Efficiency or any Office of Inspector General, including any Office of Special In-spector General.’’. 
SEC. 3. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COUNCIL OF THE INSPECTORS GEN-ERAL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFI-CIENCY. 
Section 11 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by amending clause (viii) to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) prepare and transmit an annual re-port on behalf of the Council on the activi-ties of the Council to— ‘‘(I) the President; ‘‘(II) the appropriate committees of juris-diction of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives; ‘‘(III) the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(IV) the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives.’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as subparagraph (I); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) except for matters coordinated among Inspectors General under section 3033 of title 50, United States Code, receive, review, and mediate any disputes submitted in writing to the Council by an Office of Inspector General regarding an audit, investigation, inspection, evaluation, or project that involves the ju-risdiction of more than one Office of Inspec-tor General; and’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (C); (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins ac-cordingly; (iii) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Integrity’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Integrity’’; (iv) in clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘, who’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Committee’’; (v) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘or the designee of the Director’’ be-fore the period at the end; and (vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Integrity Committee shall elect one of the Inspectors General re-ferred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) to act as Chairperson of the Integrity Committee. ‘‘(ii) T
ERM.—The term of office of the Chairperson of the Integrity Committee shall be 2 years.’’; (B) by amending paragraph (5) to read as follows: ‘‘(5) R
EVIEW OF ALLEGATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Integrity Com-mittee receives an allegation of wrongdoing against an Inspector General or against a staff member of an Office of Inspector Gen-eral described under paragraph (4)(C), the al-legation of wrongdoing shall be reviewed and referred to the Department of Justice or the Office of Special Counsel for investigation, or to the Integrity Committee for review, as appropriate, by— ‘‘(i) a representative of the Department of Justice, as designated by the Attorney Gen-eral; ‘‘(ii) a representative of the Office of Spe-cial Counsel, as designated by the Special Counsel; and ‘‘(iii) a representative of the Integrity Committee, as designated by the Chairperson of the Integrity Committee. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRAL TO THE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), not later than 30 days after the date on which an allegation of wrongdoing is referred to the Integrity Committee under subparagraph (A), the Integrity Committee shall determine whether to refer the allega-tion of wrongdoing to the Chairperson of the Integrity Committee to initiate an inves-tigation. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION .—The 30-day period de-scribed in clause (i) may be extended for an additional period of 30 days if the Integrity Committee provides written notice to the congressional committees described in para-graph (8)(A)(iii) that includes a detailed, case-specific description of why the addi-tional time is needed to evaluate the allega-tion of wrongdoing.’’; (C) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (5)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)(B)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘may provide resources’’ and inserting ‘‘shall provide assistance’’; (D) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (bb) in subclause (IV), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (cc) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(V) except as provided in clause (ii), en-suring, to the extent possible, that investiga-tions are conducted by Offices of Inspector General of similar size; ‘‘(VI) creating a process for rotation of In-spectors General assigned to investigate al-legations through the Integrity Committee; and ‘‘(VII) creating procedures to avoid con-flicts of interest for Integrity Committee in-vestigations.’’; (II) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (III) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The requirement under clause (i)(V) shall not apply to any Office of Inspector General with less than 50 employ-ees who are authorized to conduct audits or investigations.’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (C); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) COMPLETION OF INVESTIGATION .—If an allegation of wrongdoing is referred to the Chairperson of the Integrity Committee under paragraph (5)(B), the Chairperson of the Integrity Committee— ‘‘(i) shall complete the investigation not later than 150 days after the date on which the Integrity Committee made the referral; and ‘‘(ii) if the investigation cannot be com-pleted within the 150-day period described in clause (i), shall— ‘‘(I) promptly notify the congressional committees described in paragraph (8)(A)(iii); and ‘‘(II) brief the congressional committees described in paragraph (8)(A)(iii) every 30 days regarding the status of the investiga-tion and the general reasons for delay until the investigation is complete. ‘‘(D) C
ONCURRENT INVESTIGATION .—If an al- legation of wrongdoing against an Inspector General or a staff member of an Office of In-spector General described under paragraph (4)(C) is referred to the Department of Jus-tice or the Office of Special Counsel under paragraph (5)(A), the Chairperson of the In-tegrity Committee may conduct any related investigation referred to the Chairperson under paragraph (5)(B) concurrently with the Department of Justice or the Office of Spe-cial Counsel, as applicable. ‘‘(E) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(i) I
NTEGRITY COMMITTEE INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—For each investigation of an allega-tion of wrongdoing referred to the Chair-person of the Integrity Committee under paragraph (5)(B), the Chairperson of the In-tegrity Committee shall submit to members of the Integrity Committee and to the Chair-person of the Council a report containing the results of the investigation. ‘‘(ii) O
THER INVESTIGATIONS .—For each alle-gation of wrongdoing referred to the Depart-ment of Justice or the Office of Special Counsel under paragraph (5)(A), the Attorney General or the Special Counsel, as applica-ble, shall submit to the Integrity Committee a report containing the results of the inves-tigation. ‘‘(iii) A
VAILABILITY TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The congressional com-mittees described in paragraph (8)(A)(iii) shall have access to any report authored by the Integrity Committee. ‘‘(II) M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS .—Subject to any other provision of law that would other-wise prohibit disclosure of such information, the Integrity Committee may provide any report authored by the Integrity Committee to any Member of Congress.’’; (E) by striking paragraph (8)(A)(iii) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(iii) submit the report, with the rec-ommendations of the Integrity Committee, to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and other congressional committees of jurisdic-tion; and ‘‘(iv) following the submission of the report under clause (iii) and upon request by any Member of Congress, submit the report, with the recommendations of the Integrity Com-mittee, to that Member.’’; (F) in paragraph (9)(B), by striking ‘‘other agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘the Department of Justice or the Office of Special Counsel’’; (G) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘any of the following’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘any Member of Congress.’’; and (H) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.033 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7529 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(12) A LLEGATIONS OF WRONGDOING AGAINST  
SPECIAL COUNSEL OR DEPUTY SPECIAL COUN -
SEL.— ‘‘(A) S
PECIAL COUNSEL DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Special Counsel’ means the Special Counsel appointed under section 1211(b) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF INTEGRITY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An allegation of wrong-doing against the Special Counsel or the Deputy Special Counsel may be received, re-viewed, and referred for investigation to the same extent and in the same manner as in the case of an allegation against an Inspec-tor General or against a staff member of an Office of Inspector General described under paragraph (4)(C), subject to the requirement that the representative designated by the Special Counsel under paragraph (5)(A)(ii) shall recuse himself or herself from the con-sideration of any allegation brought under this paragraph. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH EXISTING PROVI -
SIONS OF LAW .—This paragraph shall not eliminate access to the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board for review under section 7701 of title 5, United States Code. To the extent that an allegation brought under this para-graph involves section 2302(b)(8) of such title, a failure to obtain corrective action within 120 days after the date on which the allega-tion is received by the Integrity Committee shall, for purposes of section 1221 of such title, be considered to satisfy section 1214(a)(3)(B) of such title. ‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .—The Integrity Com-mittee may prescribe any rules or regula-tions necessary to carry out this paragraph, subject to such consultation or other re-quirements as may otherwise apply. ‘‘(13) C
OMMITTEE RECORDS .—The Chair-person of the Council shall maintain the records of the Integrity Committee.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORTS AND ADDITIONAL INFORMA-TION. 
(a) R EPORT ON VACANCIES IN THE OFFICES OF  I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study of prolonged vacancies in the Offices of Inspector General during which a temporary appointee has served as the head of the office that includes— (A) the number and duration of Inspector General vacancies; (B) an examination of the extent to which the number and duration of such vacancies has changed over time; (C) an evaluation of the impact such va-cancies have had on the ability of the rel-evant Office of Inspector General to effec-tively carry out statutory requirements; and (D) recommendations to minimize the du-ration of such vacancies; (2) not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, present a briefing on the findings of the study conducted under paragraph (1) to— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and (3) not later than 15 months after the date of enactment of this Act, submit a report on the findings of the study conducted under paragraph (1) to the committees described in paragraph (2). (b) R
EPORT ON ISSUES INVOLVING MULTIPLE  O
FFICES OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .—The Coun-cil of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency shall— (1) conduct an analysis of critical issues that involve the jurisdiction of more than one individual Federal agency or entity to identify— (A) each such issue that could be better ad-dressed through greater coordination among, and cooperation between, individual Offices of Inspector General; (B) the best practices that can be employed by the Offices of Inspector General to in-crease coordination and cooperation on each issue identified; and (C) any recommended statutory changes that would facilitate coordination and co-operation among the Offices of Inspector General on critical issues; and (2) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, submit a report on the findings of the analysis described in paragraph (1) to— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. (c) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘period for which’’ and in-serting ‘‘period— ‘‘(A) for which’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) for which no establishment comment was returned within 60 days of providing the report to the establishment; and ‘‘(C) for which there are any outstanding unimplemented recommendations, including the aggregate potential cost savings of those recommendations.’’; (B) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (16), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) statistical tables showing— ‘‘(A) the total number of investigative re-ports issued during the reporting period; ‘‘(B) the total number of persons referred to the Department of Justice for criminal prosecution during the reporting period; ‘‘(C) the total number of persons referred to State and local prosecuting authorities for criminal prosecution during the report-ing period; and ‘‘(D) the total number of indictments and criminal information during the reporting period that resulted from any prior referral to prosecuting authorities; ‘‘(18) a description of the metrics used for developing the data for the statistical tables under paragraph (17); ‘‘(19) a report on each investigation con-ducted by the Office involving a senior Gov-ernment employee where allegations of mis-conduct were substantiated, including a de-tailed description of— ‘‘(A) the facts and circumstances of the in-vestigation; and ‘‘(B) the status and disposition of the mat-ter, including— ‘‘(i) if the matter was referred to the De-partment of Justice, the date of the referral; and ‘‘(ii) if the Department of Justice declined the referral, the date of the declination; ‘‘(20) a detailed description of any instance of whistleblower retaliation, including infor-mation about the official found to have en-gaged in retaliation and what, if any, con-sequences the establishment imposed to hold that official accountable; ‘‘(21) a detailed description of any attempt by the establishment to interfere with the independence of the Office, including— ‘‘(A) with budget constraints designed to limit the capabilities of the Office; and ‘‘(B) incidents where the establishment has resisted or objected to oversight activities of the Office or restricted or significantly de-layed access to information, including the justification of the establishment for such action; and ‘‘(22) detailed descriptions of the particular circumstances of each— ‘‘(A) inspection, evaluation, and audit con-ducted by the Office that is closed and was not disclosed to the public; and ‘‘(B) investigation conducted by the Office involving a senior Government employee that is closed and was not disclosed to the public.’’; (2) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) Subject to any other provision of law that would otherwise prohibit disclosure of such information, the information described in paragraph (1) may be provided to any Member of Congress upon request. ‘‘(5) An Office may not provide to Congress or the public any information that reveals the personally identifiable information of a whistleblower under this section unless the Office first obtains the consent of the whis-tleblower.’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) the term ‘senior Government em-ployee’ means— ‘‘(A) an officer or employee in the execu-tive branch (including a special Government employee as defined in section 202 of title 18, United States Code) who occupies a position classified at or above GS–15 of the General Schedule or, in the case of positions not under the General Schedule, for which the rate of basic pay is equal to or greater than 120 percent of the minimum rate of basic pay payable for GS–15 of the General Schedule; and ‘‘(B) any commissioned officer in the Armed Forces in pay grades O–6 and above.’’. (d) D
UTYTOSUBMIT AND MAKEAVAILABLE  
TO THE PUBLIC CERTAIN RECOMMENDATIONS .— Section 4 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1) In carrying out the duties and re-sponsibilities established under this Act, whenever an Inspector General issues a rec-ommendation for corrective action to the agency, the Inspector General— ‘‘(A) shall submit the document making a recommendation for corrective action to— ‘‘(i) the head of the establishment; ‘‘(ii) the congressional committees of juris-diction; and ‘‘(iii) if the recommendation for corrective action was initiated upon request by an indi-vidual or entity other than the Inspector General, that individual or entity; ‘‘(B) may submit the document making a recommendation for corrective action to any Member of Congress upon request; and ‘‘(C) not later than 3 days after the rec-ommendation for corrective action is sub-mitted in final form to the head of the estab-lishment, post the document making a rec-ommendation for corrective action on the website of the Office of Inspector General. ‘‘(2) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as authorizing an Inspector Gen-eral to publicly disclose information other-wise prohibited from disclosure by law.’’. (e) P
OSTING OF REPORTS ON WEBSITES OF  O
FFICES OF INSPECTORS GENERAL .—Section 8M(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘is made publicly available’’ and inserting ‘‘is submitted in final form to the head of the Federal agency or the head of the designated Federal entity, as applicable’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.033 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7530 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(3) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as author-izing an Inspector General to publicly dis-close information otherwise prohibited from disclosure by law.’’. 
SEC. 5. FULL AND PROMPT ACCESS TO ALL DOC-UMENTS. 
Section 6 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1)(A) to have timely access to all records, reports, audits, reviews, documents, papers, recommendations, or other materials avail-able to the applicable establishment which relate to the programs and operations with respect to which that Inspector General has responsibilities under this Act; ‘‘(B) to have access under subparagraph (A) notwithstanding any other provision of law, except pursuant to any provision of law en-acted by Congress that expressly— ‘‘(i) refers to the Inspector General; and ‘‘(ii) limits the right of access of the In-spector General; and ‘‘(C) except as provided in subsection (i), with regard to Federal grand jury materials protected from disclosure pursuant to rule 6(e) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Proce-dure, to have timely access to such informa-tion if the Attorney General grants the re-quest in accordance with subsection (h);’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (c) through (g), re-spectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued as authorizing an Inspector General to publicly disclose information otherwise prohibited from disclosure by law.’’; and (4) by inserting after subsection (g), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(h)(1) If the Inspector General of an estab-lishment submits a request to the head of the establishment for Federal grand jury ma-terials pursuant to subsection (a)(1), the head of the establishment shall immediately notify the Attorney General of such request. ‘‘(2) Not later than 15 days after the date on which a request is submitted to the Attor-ney General under paragraph (1), the Attor-ney General shall determine whether to grant or deny the request for Federal grand jury materials and shall immediately notify the head of the establishment of such deter-mination. The Attorney General shall grant the request unless the Attorney General de-termines that granting access to the Federal grand jury materials would be likely to— ‘‘(A) interfere with an ongoing criminal in-vestigation or prosecution; ‘‘(B) interfere with an undercover oper-ation; ‘‘(C) result in disclosure of the identity of a confidential source, including a protected witness; ‘‘(D) pose a serious threat to national secu-rity; or ‘‘(E) result in significant impairment of the trade or economic interests of the United States. ‘‘(3)(A) The head of the establishment shall inform the Inspector General of the estab-lishment of the determination made by the Attorney General with respect to the request for Federal grand jury materials. ‘‘(B) The Inspector General of the estab-lishment described under subparagraph (A) may submit comments on the determination submitted pursuant to such subparagraph to the committees listed under paragraph (4) that the Inspector General considers appro-priate. ‘‘(4) Not later than 30 days after notifying the head of an establishment of a denial pur-suant to paragraph (2), the Attorney General shall submit a statement that the request for Federal grand jury materials by the In-spector General was denied and the reason for the denial to each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. ‘‘(B) The Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives. ‘‘(C) Other appropriate committees and subcommittees of Congress. ‘‘(i) Subsections (a)(1)(C) and (h) shall not apply to requests from the Inspector General of the Department of Justice.’’. 
SEC. 6. ACCESS TO INFORMATION FOR CERTAIN INSPECTORS GENERAL. 
The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by this Act, is amended— (1) in section 8(b)(2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘from accessing informa-tion described in paragraph (1),’’ after ‘‘com-pleting any audit or investigation,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, access such informa-tion,’’ after ‘‘complete such audit or inves-tigation’’; (2) in section 8D(a)(2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘from accessing informa-tion described in paragraph (1),’’ after ‘‘com-pleting any audit or investigation,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, access such informa-tion,’’ after ‘‘complete such audit or inves-tigation’’; (3) in section 8E(a)(2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘from accessing informa-tion described in paragraph (1),’’ after ‘‘com-pleting any audit or investigation,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, access such informa-tion,’’ after ‘‘complete such audit or inves-tigation’’; (4) in section 8G(d)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘, or from accessing information available to an element of the intelligence community spec-ified in subparagraph (D),’’ after ‘‘investiga-tion’’; (5) in section 8I(a)(2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘from accessing informa-tion described in paragraph (1),’’ after ‘‘com-pleting any audit or investigation,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, access such informa-tion,’’ after ‘‘complete such audit or inves-tigation’’; (6) in section 8J, by striking ‘‘or 8H’’ and inserting ‘‘8H, or 8N’’; and (7) by inserting after section 8M the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8N. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO THE DEPARTMENT OF EN-ERGY. 
‘‘(a) The Secretary of Energy may prohibit the Inspector General of the Department of Energy from accessing Restricted Data and nuclear safeguards information protected from disclosure under chapter 12 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2161 et seq.) and intelligence or counterintelligence, as defined in section 3 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003), if the Sec-retary of Energy determines that the prohi-bition is necessary to protect the national security or prevent the significant impair-ment to the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(b) Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Secretary of Energy exercises any power authorized under subsection (a), the Secretary shall notify the Inspector General of the Department of Energy in writing the reasons for such exercise. Within 30 days after receipt of any such notice, the Inspec-tor General of the Department of Energy shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a statement concerning such ex-ercise.’’. 
SEC. 7. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS. 
(a) R EPEALS .— (1) INSPECTOR GENERAL ACT OF 2008 .—Section 7(b) of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–409; 122 Stat. 4312; 5 U.S.C. 1211 note) is repealed. (2) F
INANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOV -
ERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT , 2009.—Section 744 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (divi-sion D of Public Law 111–8; 123 Stat. 693) is repealed. (b) A
GENCY APPLICABILITY .— (1) A
MENDMENTS .—The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by this Act, is further amended— (A) in section 8M— (i) in subsection (a)(1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Each agency’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Each Federal agency and designated Federal entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘that agency’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘that Fed-eral agency or designated Federal entity’’; (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal agency and des-ignated Federal entity’’; and (II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘agency’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Federal agency and designated Federal en-tity’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘designated Federal entity’ and ‘head of the designated Federal entity’ have the meanings given those terms in section 8G(a).’’; and (B) in section 11(c)(3)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘department, agency, or entity of the execu-tive branch’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal agency or designated Federal entity (as defined in section 8G(a))’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR INSPECTORS GEN-
ERAL WEBSITES .—Section 8M(b)(1) of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by this Act, is further amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘report or audit (or portion of any report or audit)’’ and inserting ‘‘audit report, inspection re-port, or evaluation report (or portion of any such report)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘report or audit (or portion of that report or audit)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘report (or por-tion of that report)’’. (d) C
ORRECTIONS .— (1) E
XECUTIVE ORDER NUMBER .—Section 7(c)(2) of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–409; 122 Stat. 4313; 31 U.S.C. 501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘12933’’ and inserting ‘‘12993’’. (2) P
UNCTUATION AND CROSS -REFERENCES .— The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by this Act, is further amended— (A) in section 4(b)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘8F(a)(2)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘8G(a)(2)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘8F(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘8G(a)(1)’’; (B) in section 5(a)(5), by striking ‘‘section 6(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6(c)(2)’’; (C) in section 5(a)(13), by striking ‘‘05(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘804(b)’’; (D) in section 6(a)(4), by striking ‘‘informa-tion, as well as any tangible thing)’’ and in-serting ‘‘information), as well as any tan-gible thing’’; (E) in section 8A(d), by striking ‘‘section 6(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6(d)’’; (F) in section 8G(g)(3), by striking ‘‘8C’’ and inserting ‘‘8D’’; and (G) in section 11(d)(8)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘paragraph (7)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (7)(E)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.033 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7531 December 8, 2016 
(3) S PELLING .—The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by this Act, is further amended— (A) in section 3(a), by striking ‘‘subpena’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’; (B) in section 6(a)(4), by striking ‘‘sub-penas’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoenas’’; (C) in section 8D(a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subpenas’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoenas’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subpena’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’; (D) in section 8E(a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subpenas’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoenas’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subpena’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’; and (E) in section 8G(d)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-pena’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’. 
SEC. 8. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. The require-ments of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise appropriated. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CHAFFETZ  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the bill at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 18, line 11, strike ‘‘information’’ and insert ‘‘informations’’. Page 33, line 19, strike ‘‘appropriated’’ and insert ‘‘authorized’’. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL PROPERTY MANAGE-MENT REFORM ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6451) to improve the Gov-ernment-wide management of Federal property, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6451 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Property Management Reform Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the Federal Government in managing property of the Federal Government by— (1) requiring the United States Postal Service to take appropriate measures to bet-ter manage and account for property; (2) providing for increased collocation with Postal Service facilities and guidance on Postal Service leasing practices; and (3) establishing a Federal Real Property Council to develop guidance on and ensure the implementation of strategies for better managing Federal property. SEC. 3. PROPERTY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of subtitle I of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter VII—Property Management ‘‘§ 621. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of General Services. ‘‘(2) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘Council’ means the Federal Real Property Council estab-lished by section 623(a). ‘‘(3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘Federal agency’ means— ‘‘(A) an executive department or inde-pendent establishment in the executive branch of the Government; or ‘‘(B) a wholly owned Government corpora-tion (other than the United States Postal Service). ‘‘(5) F
IELD OFFICE .—The term ‘field office’ means any office of a Federal agency that is not the headquarters office location for the Federal agency. ‘‘(6) P
OSTAL PROPERTY .—The term ‘postal property’ means any property owned or leased by the United States Postal Service. ‘‘(7) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘public-private partnership’ means any partnership or working relationship between a Federal agency and a corporation, indi-vidual, or nonprofit organization for the pur-pose of financing, constructing, operating, managing, or maintaining 1 or more Federal real property assets. ‘‘(8) U
NDERUTILIZED PROPERTY .—The term ‘underutilized property’ means a portion or the entirety of any real property, including any improvements, that is used— ‘‘(A) irregularly or intermittently by the accountable Federal agency for program pur-poses of the Federal agency; or ‘‘(B) for program purposes that can be sat-isfied only with a portion of the property. ‘‘§ 622. Collocation among United States Post-al Service properties ‘‘(a) I
DENTIFICATION OF POSTAL PROP-
ERTY .—Each year, the Postmaster General shall— ‘‘(1) identify a list of postal properties with space available for use by Federal agencies; and ‘‘(2) not later than September 30, submit the list to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(b) V
OLUNTARY IDENTIFICATION OF POSTAL  P
ROPERTY .—Each year, the Postmaster Gen-eral may submit the list under subsection (a) to the Council. ‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION OF LIST OF POSTAL PROP-
ERTIES TO FEDERAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of a list under sub-section (a), the Council shall provide the list to each Federal agency. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW BY FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Not later than 90 days after the receipt of the list submitted under paragraph (1), each Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) review the list; ‘‘(B) review properties under the control of the Federal agency; and ‘‘(C) recommend collocations if appro-priate. ‘‘(d) TERMS OF COLLOCATION .—On approval of the recommendations under subsection (c) by the Postmaster General and the applica-ble agency head, the Federal agency or ap-propriate landholding entity may work with the Postmaster General to establish appro-priate terms of a lease for each postal prop-erty. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section exceeds, modifies, or supplants any other Federal law relating to any com-petitive bidding process governing the leas-ing of postal property. ‘‘§ 623. Establishment of a Federal Real Prop-erty Council ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Federal Real Property Council. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Council shall be— ‘‘(1) to develop guidance and ensure imple-mentation of an efficient and effective real property management strategy; ‘‘(2) to identify opportunities for the Fed-eral Government to better manage property and assets of the Federal Government; and ‘‘(3) to reduce the costs of managing prop-erty of the Federal Government, including operations, maintenance, and security asso-ciated with Federal property. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall be composed exclusively of— ‘‘(A) the senior real property officers of each Federal agency; ‘‘(B) the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(C) the Controller of the Office of Man-agement and Budget; ‘‘(D) the Administrator; and ‘‘(E) any other full-time or permanent part-time Federal officials or employees, as the Chairperson determines to be necessary. ‘‘(2) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall serve as Chairperson of the Council. ‘‘(3) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairperson shall designate an Executive Director to assist in carrying out the duties of the Council. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Executive Di-rector shall— ‘‘(i) be appointed from among individuals who have substantial experience in the areas of commercial real estate and development, real property management, and Federal op-erations and management; and ‘‘(ii) hold no outside employment that may conflict with duties inherent to the position. ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall meet subject to the call of the Chairperson. ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM .—The Council shall meet not fewer than 4 times each year. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .—The Council, in consultation with the Director and the Administrator, shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subchapter, establish a real property management plan template, to be updated annually, which shall include per-formance measures, specific milestones, measurable savings, strategies, and Govern-ment-wide goals based on the goals estab-lished under section 524(a)(7) to reduce sur-plus property or to achieve better utilization of underutilized property, and evaluation cri-teria to determine the effectiveness of real property management that are designed— ‘‘(A) to enable Congress and heads of Fed-eral agencies to track progress in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.033 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7532 December 8, 2016 
achievement of property management objec-tives on a Government-wide basis; ‘‘(B) to improve the management of real property; and ‘‘(C) to allow for comparison of the per-formance of Federal agencies against indus-try and other public sector agencies; ‘‘(2) develop utilization rates consistent throughout each category of space, consid-ering the diverse nature of the Federal port-folio and consistent with nongovernmental space use rates; ‘‘(3) develop a strategy to reduce the reli-ance of Federal agencies on leased space for long-term needs if ownership would be less costly; ‘‘(4) provide guidance on eliminating ineffi-ciencies in the Federal leasing process; ‘‘(5) compile a list of field offices that are suitable for collocation with other property assets; ‘‘(6) research best practices regarding the use of public-private partnerships to manage properties and develop guidelines for the use of those partnerships in the management of Federal property; and ‘‘(7) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subchapter and annually during the 4-year period beginning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this subchapter and ending on the date that is 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this subchapter, the Council shall submit to the Director a report that con-tains— ‘‘(A) a list of the remaining excess prop-erty that is real property, surplus property that is real property, and underutilized prop-erty of each Federal agency; ‘‘(B) the progress of the Council toward de-veloping guidance for Federal agencies to en-sure that the assessment required under sec-tion 524(a)(11)(B) is carried out in a uniform manner; ‘‘(C) the progress of Federal agencies to-ward achieving the goals established under section 524(a)(7); ‘‘(D) if necessary, recommendations for legislation or statutory reforms that would further the goals of the Council, including streamlining the disposal of excess or under-utilized real property; and ‘‘(E) a list of entities that are consulted under subsection (f). ‘‘(f) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the duties described in subsection (e), the Coun-cil shall also consult with representatives of— ‘‘(1) State, local, and tribal authorities, as appropriate, and other affected communities; and ‘‘(2) appropriate private sector entities and nongovernmental organizations that have expertise in areas of— ‘‘(A) commercial real estate and develop-ment; ‘‘(B) government management and oper-ations; ‘‘(C) space planning; ‘‘(D) community development, including transportation and planning; ‘‘(E) historic preservation; and ‘‘(F) providing housing to the homeless population. ‘‘(g) C
OUNCIL RESOURCES .—The Director and the Administrator shall provide staffing, and administrative support for the Council, as appropriate. ‘‘(h) A
CCESS TO REPORT .—The Council shall provide, on an annual basis, the real prop-erty management plan template required under subsection (e)(1) and the reports re-quired under subsection (e)(7) to— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(2) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; ‘‘(3) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; ‘‘(4) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and ‘‘(5) the Comptroller General of the United States. ‘‘(i) EXCLUSIONS .—In this section, surplus property shall not include— ‘‘(1) any military installation (as defined in section 2910 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note; Public Law 101–510)); ‘‘(2) any property that is excepted from the definition of the term ‘property’ under sec-tion 102; ‘‘(3) Indian and native Eskimo property held in trust by the Federal Government as described in section 3301(a)(5)(C)(iii); ‘‘(4) real property operated and maintained by the Tennessee Valley Authority pursuant to the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 (16 U.S.C. 831 et seq.); ‘‘(5) any real property the Director ex-cludes for reasons of national security; ‘‘(6) any public lands (as defined in section 203 of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1722)) administered by— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the Interior, acting through— ‘‘(i) the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(ii) the Director of the National Park Service; ‘‘(iii) the Commissioner of Reclamation; or ‘‘(iv) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; or ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; or ‘‘(7) any property operated and maintained by the United States Postal Service. ‘‘§ 624. Information on certain leasing au-thorities ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than December 31 of each year following the date of enactment of this subchapter, a Federal agency with inde-pendent leasing authority shall submit to the Council a list of all leases, including op-erating leases, in effect on the date of enact-ment of this subchapter that includes— ‘‘(1) the date on which each lease was exe-cuted; ‘‘(2) the date on which each lease will ex-pire; ‘‘(3) a description of the size of the space; ‘‘(4) the location of the property; ‘‘(5) the tenant agency; ‘‘(6) the total annual rental payment; and ‘‘(7) the amount of the net present value of the total estimated legal obligations of the Federal Government over the life of the con-tract. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to— ‘‘(1) the United States Postal Service; or ‘‘(2) any other property the Director ex-cludes from subsection (a) for reasons of na-tional security.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 5 of subtitle I of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 611 the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER VII —PROPERTY MANAGEMENT  ‘‘Sec. 621. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 622. Collocation among United States Postal Service properties. ‘‘Sec. 623. Establishment of a Federal Real Property Council. ‘‘Sec. 624. Information on certain leasing au-thorities.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 102 of title 40, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by strik-ing ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subchapter VII of chapter 5 of this title, the’’. SEC. 4. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE PROP-ERTY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 29—PROPERTY MANAGEMENT ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2901. Definitions. ‘‘2902. Property management. ‘‘§ 2901. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter: ‘‘(1) E
XCESS PROPERTY .—The term ‘excess property’ means any postal property that the Postal Service determines is not required to meet the needs or responsibilities of the Postal Service. ‘‘(2) P
OSTAL PROPERTY .—The term ‘postal property’ means any property owned or leased by the Postal Service. ‘‘(3) U
NDERUTILIZED PROPERTY .—The term ‘underutilized property’ means a portion or the entirety of any real property that is postal property, including any improve-ments, that is used— ‘‘(A) irregularly or intermittently by the Postal Service for program purposes of the Postal Service; or ‘‘(B) for program purposes that can be sat-isfied only with a portion of the property. ‘‘§ 2902. Property management ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Postal Service— ‘‘(1) shall maintain adequate inventory controls and accountability systems for postal property; ‘‘(2) shall develop current and future work-force projections so as to have the capacity to assess the needs of the Postal Service workforce regarding the use of property; ‘‘(3) may develop a 5-year management template that— ‘‘(A) establishes goals and policies that will lead to the reduction of excess property and underutilized property in the inventory of the Postal Service; ‘‘(B) adopts workplace practices, configu-rations, and management techniques that can achieve increased levels of productivity and decrease the need for real property as-sets; ‘‘(C) assesses leased space to identify space that is not fully used or occupied; ‘‘(D) develops recommendations on how to address excess capacity at Postal Service fa-cilities without negatively impacting mail delivery; and ‘‘(E) develops recommendations on ensur-ing the security of mail processing oper-ations; and ‘‘(4) if the Postal Service develops a tem-plate under paragraph (3) shall, as part of that template and on a regular basis— ‘‘(A) conduct an inventory of postal prop-erty that is real property; and ‘‘(B) publish a report that covers each property identified under subparagraph (A), similar to the USPS Owned Facilities Report and the USPS Leased Facilities Report, that includes— ‘‘(i) the date on which the Postal Service first occupied the property; ‘‘(ii) the size of the property in square foot-age and acreage; ‘‘(iii) the geographical location of the prop-erty, including an address and description; ‘‘(iv) the extent to which the property is being utilized; ‘‘(v) the actual annual operating costs as-sociated with the property; ‘‘(vi) the total cost of capital expenditures associated with the property; ‘‘(vii) the number of postal employees, con-tractor employees, and functions housed at the property; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.043 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7533 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(viii) the extent to which the mission of the Postal Service is dependent on the prop-erty; and ‘‘(ix) the estimated amount of capital ex-penditures projected to maintain and operate the property over each of the next 5 years after the date of enactment of this chapter. ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (a)(4)(B) shall be construed to re-quire the Postal Service to obtain an ap-praisal of postal property.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part III of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘29. Property Management................2901’’. 
SEC. 5. INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE PROPERTY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF EXCESS PROPERTY .—In this section, the term ‘‘excess property’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2901 of title 39, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 4. (b) E
XCESS PROPERTY REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service shall submit to Con-gress a report that includes— (1) a survey of excess property held by the United States Postal Service; and (2) recommendations for repurposing prop-erty identified in paragraph (1)— (A) to— (i) reduce excess capacity; and (ii) increase collocation with other Federal agencies; and (B) without diminishing the ability of the United States Postal Service to meet the service standards established under section 3691 of title 39, United States Code, as in ef-fect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 6. DUTIES OF FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 524(a) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) develop current and future workforce projections so as to have the capacity to as-sess the needs of the Federal workforce re-garding the use of real property; ‘‘(7) establish goals and policies that will lead the executive agency to reduce excess property and underutilized property in the inventory of the executive agency; ‘‘(8) submit to the Federal Real Property Council an annual report on all excess prop-erty that is real property and underutilized property in the inventory of the executive agency, including— ‘‘(A) whether underutilized property can be better utilized, including through colloca-tion with other executive agencies or con-solidation with other facilities; and ‘‘(B) the extent to which the executive agency believes that retention of the under-utilized property serves the needs of the ex-ecutive agency; ‘‘(9) adopt workplace practices, configura-tions, and management techniques that can achieve increased levels of productivity and decrease the need for real property assets; ‘‘(10) assess leased space to identify space that is not fully used or occupied; ‘‘(11) on an annual basis and subject to the guidance of the Federal Real Property Coun-cil— ‘‘(A) conduct an inventory of real property under control of the executive agency; and ‘‘(B) make an assessment of each property, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the age and condition of the property; ‘‘(ii) the size of the property in square foot-age and acreage; ‘‘(iii) the geographical location of the prop-erty, including an address and description; ‘‘(iv) the extent to which the property is being utilized; ‘‘(v) the actual annual operating costs as-sociated with the property; ‘‘(vi) the total cost of capital expenditures incurred by the Federal Government associ-ated with the property; ‘‘(vii) sustainability metrics associated with the property; ‘‘(viii) the number of Federal employees and contractor employees and functions housed at the property; ‘‘(ix) the extent to which the mission of the executive agency is dependent on the property; ‘‘(x) the estimated amount of capital ex-penditures projected to maintain and operate the property during the 5-year period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this para-graph; and ‘‘(xi) any additional information required by the Administrator of General Services to carry out section 623; and ‘‘(12) provide to the Federal Real Property Council and the Administrator of General Services the information described in para-graph (11)(B) to be used for the establish-ment and maintenance of the database de-scribed in section 21 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016.’’. (b) DEFINITION OF EXECUTIVE AGENCY .—Sec- tion 524 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF EXECUTIVE AGENCY .— For the purpose of paragraphs (6) through (12) of subsection (a), the term ‘executive agency’ shall have the meaning given the term ‘Federal agency’ in section 621.’’. 
SEC. 7. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF APPLICABLE ACT.—In this section, the term ‘‘applicable Act’’ means the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (H.R. 4465, 114th Congress, 2d Session). (b) B
OARD .—Section 4(c) of the applicable Act is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall be com-posed of a Chairperson appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, and 6 members appointed by the President. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In selecting individuals for appointments to the Board, the President shall appoint members in the following man-ner: ‘‘(i) 2 members recommended by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(ii) 2 members recommended by the ma-jority leader of the Senate. ‘‘(iii) 1 member recommended by the mi-nority leader of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(iv) 1 member recommended by the mi-nority leader of the Senate. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE .—The appointment of mem-bers to the Board shall be made not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. ‘‘(3) T
ERMS .—The term for each member of the Board shall be 6 years.’’. (c) A
GENCY RETENTION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 571 of title 40, United States Code (as amended by section 20 of the applicable Act), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section modifies, alters, or repeals any other provision of Federal law directing the use of retained proceeds relating to the sale of property of an agency.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect as if enacted as part of the applicable Act. (d) S
ALE.—Section 24 of the applicable Act is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) REQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the sale of the prop-erty by the Administrator of General Serv-ices shall ensure continuity of security measures, parking access, and infrastructure requirements of the James Forrestal Build-ing while it is occupied by the Department of Energy.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Except as provided in subsection (c)(2), this section and the amend-ments made by this section shall take effect immediately after the enactment of the ap-plicable Act. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENSURING ACCESS TO PACIFIC FISHERIES ACT Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6452) to implement the Convention on the Con-servation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Con-vention on the Conservation and Man-agement of High Seas Fishery Re-sources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from American Samoa? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6452 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act’’. TITLE I—NORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES Subtitle A—North Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation 
SEC. 101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the North Pacific Fisheries Commis-sion established in accordance with the North Pacific Fisheries Convention. (2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means a United States Commissioner appointed under section 102(a). (3) C
ONVENTION AREA .—The term ‘‘Conven-tion Area’’ means the area to which the Con-vention on the Conservation and Manage-ment of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean applies under Article 4 of such Convention. (4) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, the Pacific Fishery Management Council, or the Western Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council established under section 302 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852), as the context requires. (5) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘exclusive economic zone’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.043 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7534 December 8, 2016 
(A) with respect to the United States, the zone established by Presidential Proclama-tion Numbered 5030 of March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note); and (B) with respect to a foreign country, a designated zone similar to the zone referred to in subparagraph (A) for that country, con-sistent with international law. (6) F
ISHERIES RESOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘fisheries re-sources’’ means all fish, mollusks, crusta-ceans, and other marine species caught by a fishing vessel within the Convention Area, as well as any products thereof. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘fisheries re-sources’’ does not include— (i) sedentary species insofar as they are subject to the sovereign rights of coastal na-tions consistent with Article 77, paragraph 4 of the 1982 Convention and indicator species of vulnerable marine ecosystems as listed in, or adopted pursuant to, Article 13, paragraph 5 of the North Pacific Fisheries Convention; (ii) catadromous species; (iii) marine mammals, marine reptiles, or seabirds; or (iv) other marine species already covered by preexisting international fisheries man-agement instruments within the area of competence of such instruments. (7) F
ISHING ACTIVITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘fishing activi-ties’’ means— (i) the actual or attempted searching for, catching, taking, or harvesting of fisheries resources; (ii) engaging in any activity that can rea-sonably be expected to result in the locating, catching, taking, or harvesting of fisheries resources for any purpose; (iii) the processing of fisheries resources at sea; (iv) the transshipment of fisheries re-sources at sea or in port; or (v) any operation at sea in direct support of, or in preparation for, any activity de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv), including transshipment. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘fishing activi-ties’’ does not include any operation related to an emergency involving the health or safety of a crew member or the safety of a fishing vessel. (8) F
ISHING VESSEL .—The term ‘‘fishing vessel’’ means any vessel used or intended for use for the purpose of engaging in fishing activities, including a processing vessel, a support ship, a carrier vessel, or any other vessel directly engaged in such fishing ac-tivities. (9) H
IGH SEAS .—The term ‘‘high seas’’ does not include an area that is within the exclu-sive economic zone of the United States or of any other country. (10) N
ORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CONVENTION .— The term ‘‘North Pacific Fisheries Conven-tion’’ means the Convention on the Con-servation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean (including any annexes, amendments, or protocols that are in force, or have come into force) for the United States, which was adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012. (11) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (A) any individual, whether or not a citizen or national of the United States; (B) any corporation, partnership, associa-tion, or other entity, whether or not orga-nized or existing under the laws of any State; or (C) any Federal, State, local, tribal, or for-eign government or any entity of such gov-ernment. (12) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (13) STATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, and any other common-wealth, territory, or possession of the United States. (14) S
TRADDLING STOCK .—The term ‘‘strad-dling stock’’ means a stock of fisheries re-sources that migrates between, or occurs in, the economic exclusion zone of one or more parties to the Convention and the Conven-tion Area. (15) T
RANSSHIPMENT .—The term ‘‘trans-shipment’’ means the unloading of any fish-eries resources taken in the Convention Area from one fishing vessel to another fishing vessel either at sea or in port. (16) 1982 
CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘1982 Con-vention’’ means the United Nations Conven-tion on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982. 
SEC. 102. UNITED STATES PARTICIPATION IN THE NORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CON-VENTION. 
(a) U NITED STATES COMMISSIONERS .— (1) N
UMBER OF COMMISSIONERS .—The United States shall be represented on the Commis-sion by five United States Commissioners. (2) S
ELECTION OF COMMISSIONERS .—The Commissioners shall be as follows: (A) A
PPOINTMENT BY THE PRESIDENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the President and shall be an officer or employee of— (I) the Department of Commerce; (II) the Department of State; or (III) the Coast Guard. (ii) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In making each appointment under clause (i), the President shall select a Commissioner from among in-dividuals who are knowledgeable or experi-enced concerning fisheries resources in the North Pacific Ocean. (B) N
ORTH PACIFIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT  
COUNCIL .—One Commissioner shall be the chairman of the North Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council or a designee of such chair-man. (C) P
ACIFIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT COUN -
CIL.—One Commissioner shall be the chair-man of the Pacific Fishery Management Council or a designee of such chairperson. (D) W
ESTERN PACIFIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT  
COUNCIL .—One Commissioner shall be the chairman of the Western Pacific Fishery Management Council or a designee of such chairperson. (b) A
LTERNATE COMMISSIONERS .—In the event of a vacancy in a position as a Com-missioner appointed under subsection (a), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary, may designate from time to time and for periods of time considered ap-propriate an alternate Commissioner to the Commission. An alternate Commissioner may exercise all powers and duties of a Com-missioner in the absence of a Commissioner appointed under subsection (a), and shall serve the remainder of the term of the ab-sent Commissioner for which designated. (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— (1) E
MPLOYMENT STATUS .—An individual serving as a Commissioner, or an alternative Commissioner, other than an officer or em-ployee of the United States Government, shall not be considered a Federal employee, except for the purposes of injury compensa-tion or tort claims liability as provided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—An individual serving as a Commissioner or an alternate Commis-sioner, although an officer of the United States while so serving, shall receive no compensation for the individual’s services as such Commissioner or alternate Commis-sioner. (3) TRAVEL EXPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall pay the necessary travel expenses of a Commissioner or an alternate Commissioner in accordance with the Federal Travel Regu-lations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. (B) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may reimburse the Secretary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this paragraph. (d) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERMANENT ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) M
EMBERSHIP .—There is established an advisory committee which shall be composed of 11 members appointed by the Secretary as follows: (i) A member engaging in commercial fish-ing activities in the management area of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council. (ii) A member engaging in commercial fishing activities in the management area of the Pacific Fishery Management Council. (iii) A member engaging in commercial fishing activities in the management area of the Western Pacific Fishery Management Council. (iv) Three members from the indigenous population of the North Pacific, including an Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian, or a native- born inhabitant of any State of the United States in the Pacific, and an individual from a Pacific Coast tribe. (v) A member that is a marine fisheries sci-entist that is a resident of a State the adja-cent exclusive economic zone for which is bounded by the Convention Area. (vi) A member nominated by the Governor of the State of Alaska. (vii) A member nominated by the Governor of the State of Hawaii. (viii) A member nominated by the Gov-ernor of the State of Washington. (ix) A member nominated by the Governor of the State of California. (B) T
ERMS AND PRIVILEGES .—Each member of the Advisory Committee shall serve for a term of 2 years and shall be eligible for re-appointment for not more than 3 consecutive terms. The Commissioners shall notify the Advisory Committee in advance of each meeting of the Commissioners. The Advisory Committee shall attend each meeting and shall examine and be heard on all proposed programs, investigations, reports, rec-ommendations, and regulations of the Com-missioners. (C) P
ROCEDURES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall determine its organization and pre-scribe its practices and procedures for car-rying out its functions under this subtitle, the North Pacific Fisheries Convention, and the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). (ii) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROCEDURES .— The Advisory Committee shall publish and make available to the public a statement of its organization, practices, and procedures. (iii) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Advisory Committee shall constitute a quorum to conduct business. (iv) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Meetings of the Ad-visory Committee, except when in executive session, shall be open to the public. Prior no-tice of each non-executive meeting shall be made public in a timely fashion. The Advi-sory Committee shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (v) C
OST SAVINGS .—In order to reduce the cost of Advisory Committee meetings, the Advisory Committee shall, to the extent practicable, utilize teleconferences and webinars for that purpose. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.042 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7535 December 8, 2016 
(D) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary and the Secretary of State shall fur-nish the Advisory Committee with relevant information concerning fisheries resources and international fishery agreements. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— (A) S
UPPORT SERVICES .—The Secretary shall provide to the Advisory Committee in a timely manner such administrative and technical support services as are necessary to function effectively. (B) C
OMPENSATION ; STATUS .—An individual appointed to serve as a member of the Advi-sory Committee— (i) shall serve without pay; and (ii) shall not be considered a Federal em-ployee, except for the purposes of injury compensation or tort claims liability as pro-vided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. (C) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may pay the necessary travel expenses of members of the Advisory Committee in car-rying out the duties of the Advisory Com-mittee in accordance with the Federal Trav-el Regulations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. (ii) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may reimburse the Secretary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this subparagraph. 
SEC. 103. AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE. 
The Secretary of State may— (1) receive and transmit, on behalf of the United States, reports, requests, rec-ommendations, proposals, decisions, and other communications of and to the Commis-sion; (2) in consultation with the Secretary, act upon, or refer to another appropriate author-ity, any communication received pursuant to paragraph (1); (3) with the concurrence of the Secretary, and in accordance with the Convention, ob-ject to the decisions of the Commission; and (4) request and utilize on a reimbursed or non-reimbursed basis the assistance, serv-ices, personnel, equipment, and facilities of other Federal departments and agencies, for-eign governments or agencies, or inter-national intergovernmental organizations, in the conduct of scientific research and other programs under this subtitle. 
SEC. 104. AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
(a) P ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State and, with respect to enforcement measures, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, may promulgate such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the United States international obligations under the North Pacific Fisheries Convention and this subtitle, including rec-ommendations and decisions adopted by the Commission. (2) R
EGULATIONS OF STRADDLING STOCKS .— In the implementation of a measure adopted by the Commission that would govern a straddling stock under the authority of a Council, any regulation promulgated by the Secretary to implement such measure within the exclusive economic zone shall be ap-proved by such Council. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Regulations promulgated under subsection (a) shall be applicable only to a person or a fishing ves-sel that is or has engaged in fishing activi-ties, or fisheries resources covered by the North Pacific Fisheries Convention under this subtitle. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may conduct, and may request and utilize on a reimbursed or nonreimbursed basis the as-sistance, services, personnel, equipment, and facilities of other Federal departments and agencies in— (1) scientific, research, and other programs under this subtitle; (2) fishing operations and biological experi-ments for purposes of scientific investigation or other purposes necessary to implement the North Pacific Fisheries Convention; (3) the collection, utilization, and disclo-sure of such information as may be nec-essary to implement the North Pacific Fish-eries Convention, subject to sections 552 and 552a of title 5, United States Code, and sec-tion 402(b) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a(b)); (4) the issuance of permits to owners and operators of United States vessels to engage in fishing activities in the Convention Area seaward of the exclusive economic zone of the United States, under such terms and con-ditions as the Secretary may prescribe, in-cluding the period of time that a permit is valid; and (5) if recommended by the United States Commissioners, the assessment and collec-tion of fees, not to exceed 3 percent of the ex- vessel value of fisheries resources harvested by vessels of the United States in fisheries conducted in the Convention Area, to re-cover the actual costs to the United States to carry out the functions of the Secretary under this subtitle. (d) CONSISTENCY WITHOTHER LAWS.—The Secretary shall ensure the consistency, to the extent practicable, of fishery manage-ment programs administered under this sub-title, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 (16 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), the South Pacific Tuna Act of 1988 (16 U.S.C. 973 et seq.), sec-tion 401 of Public Law 108–219 (16 U.S.C. 1821 note) (relating to Pacific albacore tuna), the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Con-vention Implementation Act (16 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Authorization Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–567) and the amend-ments made by that Act, and Public Law 100– 629 (102 Stat. 3286). (e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Regulations promulgated by the Secretary under this subtitle shall be subject to judicial review to the extent au-thorized by, and in accordance with, chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, if a petition for such review is filed not later than 30 days after the date on which the regulations are promulgated. (2) R
ESPONSES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall file a response to any petition filed in ac-cordance with paragraph (1), not later than 30 days after the date the Secretary is served with that petition, except that the appro-priate court may extend the period for filing such a response upon a showing by the Sec-retary of good cause for that extension. (3) C
OPIES OF ADMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—A response of the Secretary under paragraph (2) shall include a copy of the administrative record for the regulations that are the sub-ject of the petition. (4) E
XPEDITED HEARINGS .—Upon a motion by the person who files a petition under this subsection, the appropriate court shall as-sign the matter for hearing at the earliest possible date. 
SEC. 105. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— (1) shall administer and enforce this sub-title and any regulations issued under this subtitle; and (2) may request and utilize on a reimbursed or nonreimbursed basis the assistance, serv-ices, personnel, equipment, and facilities of other Federal departments and agencies in the administration and enforcement of this subtitle. (b) SECRETARIAL ACTIONS .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall pre-vent any person from violating this subtitle with respect to fishing activities or the con-servation of fisheries resources in the Con-vention Area in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though sections 308 through 311 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1858, 1859, 1860, and 1861) were incor-porated into and made a part of this subtitle. Any person that violates this subtitle is sub-ject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, power, and duties as though sections 308 through 311 of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1858, 1859, 1860, and 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of this subtitle. (c) J
URISDICTION OF THE COURTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the district courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction over any case or controversy arising under this subtitle, and any such court may at any time— (A) enter restraining orders or prohibi-tions; (B) issue warrants, process in rem, or other process; (C) prescribe and accept satisfactory bonds or other security; and (D) take such other actions as are in the interest of justice. (2) H
AWAII AND PACIFIC INSULAR AREAS .—In the case of Hawaii or any possession of the United States in the Pacific Ocean, the ap-propriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii, except that— (A) in the case of Guam and Wake Island, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Guam; and (B) in the case of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of the Northern Mariana Islands. (3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Each violation shall be a separate offense and the offense is deemed to have been committed not only in the dis-trict where the violation first occurred, but also in any other district authorized by law. Any offense not committed in any district is subject to the venue provisions of section 3238 of title 18, United States Code. (d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any information sub-mitted to the Secretary in compliance with any requirement under this subtitle, and in-formation submitted under any requirement of this subtitle that may be necessary to im-plement the Convention, including informa-tion submitted before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall be confidential and may not be disclosed, except— (A) to a Federal employee who is respon-sible for administering, implementing, or en-forcing this subtitle; (B) to the Commission, in accordance with requirements in the North Pacific Fisheries Convention and decisions of the Commission, and, insofar as possible, in accordance with an agreement with the Commission that pre-vents public disclosure of the identity or business of any person; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.042 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7536 December 8, 2016 
(C) to State, Council, or marine fisheries commission employees pursuant to an agree-ment with the Secretary that prevents pub-lic disclosure of the identity or business of any person; (D) when required by court order; or (E) when the Secretary has obtained writ-ten authorization from the person submit-ting such information to release such infor-mation to another person for a reason not otherwise provided for in this paragraph, and such release does not violate other require-ments of this subtitle. (2) U
SE OF INFORMATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations regarding the proce-dures the Secretary considers necessary to preserve the confidentiality of information submitted under this subtitle. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may release or make public information submitted under this subtitle if the information is in any ag-gregate or summary form that does not di-rectly or indirectly disclose the identity or business of any person. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be interpreted or construed to prevent the use for conservation and man-agement purposes by the Secretary of any information submitted under this subtitle. 
SEC. 106. PROHIBITED ACTS. 
It is unlawful for any person— (1) to violate this subtitle or any regula-tion or permit issued under this subtitle; (2) to use any fishing vessel to engage in fishing activities without, or after the rev-ocation or during the period of suspension of, an applicable permit issued pursuant to this subtitle; (3) to refuse to permit any officer author-ized to enforce this subtitle to board a fish-ing vessel subject to such person’s control for the purposes of conducting any search, investigation, or inspection in connection with the enforcement of this subtitle or any regulation, permit, or the North Pacific Fisheries Convention; (4) to assault, resist, oppose, impede, in-timidate, or interfere with any such author-ized officer in the conduct of any search, in-vestigation, or inspection in connection with the enforcement of this subtitle or any regu-lation, permit, or the North Pacific Fisheries Convention; (5) to resist a lawful arrest for any act pro-hibited by this subtitle or any regulation promulgated or permit issued under this sub-title; (6) to ship, transport, offer for sale, sell, purchase, import, export, or have custody, control, or possession of, any fisheries re-sources taken or retained in violation of this subtitle or any regulation or permit referred to in paragraph (1) or (2); (7) to interfere with, delay, or prevent, by any means, the apprehension or arrest of an-other person, knowing that such other per-son has committed any act prohibited by this section; (8) to submit to the Secretary false infor-mation (including false information regard-ing the capacity and extent to which a United States fish processor, on an annual basis, will process a portion of the optimum yield of a fishery that will be harvested by fishing vessels of the United States), regard-ing any matter that the Secretary is consid-ering in the course of carrying out this sub-title; (9) to assault, resist, oppose, impede, in-timidate, sexually harass, bribe, or interfere with any observer on a vessel under this sub-title, or any data collector employed by or under contract to any person to carry out re-sponsibilities under this subtitle; (10) to engage in fishing activities in viola-tion of any regulation adopted pursuant to this subtitle; (11) to fail to make, keep, or furnish any catch returns, statistical records, or other reports required by regulations adopted pur-suant to this subtitle to be made, kept, or furnished; (12) to fail to stop a vessel upon being hailed and instructed to stop by a duly au-thorized official of the United States; (13) to import, in violation of any regula-tion adopted pursuant to this subtitle, any fisheries resources in any form of those spe-cies subject to regulation pursuant to a rec-ommendation, resolution, or decision of the Commission, or any fisheries resources in any form not under regulation but under in-vestigation by the Commission, during the period such fisheries resources have been de-nied entry in accordance with this subtitle; (14) to make or submit any false record, ac-count, or label for, or any false identification of, any fisheries resources that have been, or are intended to be imported, exported, trans-ported, sold, offered for sale, purchased, or received in interstate or foreign commerce; or (15) to refuse to authorize and accept boarding by a duly authorized inspector pur-suant to procedures adopted by the Commis-sion for the boarding and inspection of fish-ing vessels in the Convention Area. SEC. 107. COOPERATION IN CARRYING OUT CON-VENTION. 
(a) F EDERAL AND STATE AGENCIES ; PRIVATE  I
NSTITUTIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec- retary may cooperate with any Federal agen-cy, any public or private institution or orga-nization within the United States or abroad, and, through the Secretary of State, a duly authorized official of the government of any party to the North Pacific Fisheries Conven-tion, in carrying out responsibilities under this subtitle. (b) S
CIENTIFIC AND OTHER PROGRAMS ; FA-
CILITIES AND PERSONNEL .—Each Federal agency may, upon the request of the Sec-retary, cooperate in the conduct of scientific and other programs and furnish facilities and personnel for the purpose of assisting the Commission in carrying out its duties under the North Pacific Fisheries Convention. (c) S
ANCTIONED FISHING OPERATIONS AND  B
IOLOGICAL EXPERIMENTS .—Nothing in this subtitle, or in the laws of any State, pre-vents the Secretary or the Commission from— (1) conducting or authorizing the conduct of fishing operations and biological experi-ments at any time for purposes of scientific investigation; or (2) discharging any other duties prescribed by the North Pacific Fisheries Convention. (d) S
TATE JURISDICTION NOTAFFECTED .— Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to diminish or to increase the jurisdiction of any State in the territorial sea of the United States. 
SEC. 108. TERRITORIAL PARTICIPATION. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure par-ticipation in the Commission and its sub-sidiary bodies by the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Guam to the extent allowed under United States law. 
SEC. 109. EXCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE NOTIFICA-TION. 
Masters of commercial fishing vessels of countries fishing under the management au-thority of the North Pacific Fisheries Con-vention that do not carry vessel monitoring systems capable of communicating with United States enforcement authorities shall, prior to or as soon as reasonably possible after, entering and transiting the exclusive economic zone bounded by the Convention Area, ensure that all fishing gear on board the vessel is stowed below deck or otherwise removed from the place it is normally used for fishing activities and placed where it is not readily available for fishing activities. SEC. 110. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of funds made available to the Secretary and the Secretary of State $300,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this subtitle and to pay the United States con-tribution to the Commission under Article 12 of the North Pacific Fisheries Convention. Subtitle B—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 121. FUNDING FOR TRAVEL EXPENSES. 
(a) N ORTH PACIFIC BERING SEAFISHERIES  A
DVISORY BODY.—Section 5 of the Act enti-tled ‘‘An Act to approve the governing inter-national fishery agreement between the United States and the Union of Soviet So-cialist Republics, and for other purposes’’, approved November 7, 1988 (Public Law 100– 629; 16 U.S.C. 1823 note), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may pay the necessary travel expenses of the members of the advisory body established pursuant to this section in carrying out their service as such members in accordance with the Federal Travel Regulations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce may reimburse the Secretary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this subsection.’’. (b) N
ORTH PACIFIC ANADROMOUS FISHCOM-
MISSION .— (1) U
NITED STATES COMMISSIONERS .—Section 804 of the North Pacific Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5003) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pay the necessary travel expenses of the United States Commissioners and Alternate United States Commissioners in carrying out the duties of the Commission in accordance with the Federal Travel Regulations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce may reimburse the Secretary for amounts expended by the Secretary under this subparagraph.’’. (2) A
DVISORY PANEL .—Section 805 of the North Pacific Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5004) is amended by striking sub-section (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) C
OMPENSATION .—The members of the Advisory Panel shall receive no compensa-tion for their service as such members. ‘‘(f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pay the necessary travel expenses of the mem-bers of the Advisory Panel in carrying out their service as such members in accordance with the Federal Travel Regulations and sec-tions 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce may reimburse the Secretary for amounts expended by the Secretary under this subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 122. NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PRO-GRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 1998. 
Section 10 of the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Reauthorization Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 1541) is amended by striking ‘‘the United States Coast Guard’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘another Federal agen-cy’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.042 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7537 December 8, 2016 
TITLE II—IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CON-VENTION ON THE CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT OF HIGH SEAS FISHERY RESOURCES IN THE SOUTH PACIFIC OCEAN 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) 1982 
CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘1982 Con-vention’’ means the United Nations Conven-tion on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982. (2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Commission of the South Pacific Regional Fisheries Management Organiza-tion established in accordance with the South Pacific Fishery Resources Convention. (3) C
ONVENTION AREA .—The term ‘‘Conven-tion Area’’ means the area to which the Con-vention on the Conservation and Manage-ment of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean applies under Article 5 of such Convention. (4) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the Western Pacific Regional Fishery Man-agement Council. (5) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘exclusive economic zone’’ means— (A) with respect to the United States, the zone established by Presidential Proclama-tion Numbered 5030 of March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note); and (B) with respect to a foreign country, a designated zone similar to the zone referred to in subparagraph (A) for that country, con-sistent with international law. (6) F
ISHERY RESOURCES .—The term ‘‘fishery resources’’ means all fish, mollusks, crusta-ceans, and other marine species, and any products thereof, caught by a fishing vessel within the Convention Area, but excluding— (A) sedentary species insofar as they are subject to the national jurisdiction of coast-al States pursuant to Article 77 paragraph 4 of the 1982 Convention; (B) highly migratory species listed in Annex I of the 1982 Convention; (C) anadromous and catadromous species; and (D) marine mammals, marine reptiles and sea birds. (7) F
ISHING .—The term ‘‘fishing’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means— (i) the actual or attempted searching for, catching, taking, or harvesting of fishery re-sources; (ii) engaging in any activity that can rea-sonably be expected to result in the locating, catching, taking or harvesting of fishery re-sources for any purpose; (iii) transshipment and any operation at sea, in support of, or in preparation for, any activity described in this subparagraph; and (iv) the use of any vessel, vehicle, aircraft, or hovercraft in relation to any activity de-scribed in this subparagraph; and (B) does not include any operation related to emergencies involving the health and safety of crew members or the safety of a fishing vessel. (8) F
ISHING VESSEL .—The term ‘‘fishing vessel’’ means any vessel used or intended to be used for fishing, including any fish proc-essing vessel support ship, carrier vessel, or any other vessel directly engaged in fishing operations. (9) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means any individual (whether or not a citizen or na-tional of the United States); any corpora-tion, partnership, association, or other enti-ty (whether or not organized or existing under the laws of any State); and any Fed-eral, State, local, or foreign government or any entity of any such government. (10) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (11) S
OUTH PACIFIC FISHERY RESOURCES CON -
VENTION .—The term ‘‘South Pacific Fishery Resources Convention’’ means the Conven-tion on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean (including any annexes, amendments, or protocols that are in force, or have come into force, for the United States), which was adopted at Auckland, New Zealand, on November 14, 2009, by the International Consultations on the Proposed South Pacific Regional Fisheries Manage-ment Organization. (12) STATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, and any other common-wealth, territory, or possession of the United States. 
SEC. 202. APPOINTMENT OR DESIGNATION OF UNITED STATES COMMISSIONERS. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The United States shall be represented on the Commission by not more than 3 Commissioners. In making each ap-pointment, the President shall select a Com-missioner from among individuals who are knowledgeable or experienced concerning fishery resources in the South Pacific Ocean. (2) R
EPRESENTATION .—At least 1 of the Commissioners shall be— (A) serving at the pleasure of the Presi-dent, an officer or employee of— (i) the Department of Commerce; (ii) the Department of State; or (iii) the Coast Guard; and (B) the chairperson or designee of the Council. (b) A
LTERNATE COMMISSIONERS .—The Sec- retary of State, in consultation with the Secretary, may designate from time to time and for periods of time considered appro-priate an alternate Commissioner to the Commission. An alternate Commissioner may exercise all powers and duties of a Com-missioner in the absence of a Commissioner appointed under subsection (a). (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— (1) E
MPLOYMENT STATUS .—An individual serving as a Commissioner, or as an alter-nate Commissioner, other than an officer or employee of the United States Government, shall not be considered a Federal employee, except for the purposes of injury compensa-tion or tort claims liability as provided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—An individual serving as a Commissioner or an alternate Commis-sioner, although an officer of the United States while so serving, shall receive no compensation for the individual’s services as such Commissioner or alternate Commis-sioner. (3) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall pay the necessary travel expenses of a Commissioner or an alternate Commissioner in accordance with the Federal Travel Regu-lations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. (B) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may reimburse the Secretary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this paragraph. (d) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERMANENT ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) M
EMBERSHIP .—There is established an advisory committee which shall be composed of 7 members appointed by the Secretary as follows: (i) A member engaging in commercial fish-ing in the management area of the Council. (ii) Two members from the indigenous pop-ulation of the Pacific, including a Native Ha-waiian and a native-born inhabitant of any State in the Pacific. (iii) A member that is a marine fisheries scientist and a member of the Council’s Sci-entific and Statistical Committee. (iv) A member representing a non-govern-mental organization active in fishery issues in the Pacific. (v) A member nominated by the Governor of the State of Hawaii. (vi) A member designated by the Council. (B) TERMS AND PRIVILEGES .—Each member of the Advisory Committee shall serve for a term of 2 years and shall be eligible for re-appointment for not more than 3 consecutive terms. The Commissioners shall notify the Advisory Committee in advance of each meeting of the Commissioners. The Advisory Committee may attend each meeting and may examine and be heard on all proposed programs, investigations, reports, rec-ommendations, and regulations of the Com-missioners. (C) P
ROCEDURES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall determine its organization and pre-scribe its practices and procedures for car-rying out its functions under this title, the South Pacific Fisheries Convention, and the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). (ii) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROCEDURES .— The Advisory Committee shall publish and make available to the public a statement of its organization, practices, and procedures. (iii) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Advisory Committee shall constitute a quorum to conduct business. (iv) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Meetings of the Ad-visory Committee, except when in executive session, shall be open to the public. Prior no-tice of each non-executive meeting shall be made public in a timely fashion. The Advi-sory Committee shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (v) C
OST SAVINGS .—In order to reduce the cost of Advisory Committee meetings, the Advisory Committee shall, to the extent practicable, utilize teleconferences and webinars for that purpose. (D) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary and the Secretary of State shall fur-nish the Advisory Committee with relevant information concerning fishery resources and international fishery agreements. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— (A) S
UPPORT SERVICES .—The Secretary shall provide to the Advisory Committee in a timely manner such administrative and technical support services as are necessary to function effectively. (B) C
OMPENSATION ; STATUS ; EXPENSES .—An individual appointed to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee— (i) shall serve without pay; and (ii) shall not be considered a Federal em-ployee, except for the purposes of injury compensation or tort claims liability as pro-vided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE. 
The Secretary of State may— (1) receive and transmit, on behalf of the United States, reports, requests, rec-ommendations, proposals, decisions, and other communications of and to the Commis-sion; (2) in consultation with the Secretary, act upon, or refer to other appropriate author-ity, any communication pursuant to para-graph (1); and (3) with the concurrence of the Secretary, and in accordance with the South Pacific Fishery Resources Convention, object to de-cisions of the Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.042 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7538 December 8, 2016 
SEC. 204. RESPONSIBILITY OF THE SECRETARY AND RULEMAKING AUTHORITY. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Secretary may— (1) administer this title and any regula-tions issued under this title, except to the extent otherwise provided for in this title; (2) issue permits to vessels subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, and to owners and operators of such vessels, to fish in the Convention Area, under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may pre-scribe; and (3) if recommended by the United States Commissioners, assess and collect fees, not to exceed 3 percent of the ex-vessel value of fisheries resources harvested by vessels of the United States in fisheries conducted in the Convention Area, to recover the actual costs to the United States to carry out the functions of the Secretary under this title. (b) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, may promul-gate such regulations as may be necessary and appropriate to carry out the inter-national obligations of the United States under the South Pacific Fishery Resources Convention and this title, including deci-sions adopted by the Commission. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Regulations promul-gated under this subsection shall be applica-ble only to a person or fishing vessel that is or has engaged in fishing, and fishery re-sources covered by the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean under this title. (c) C
ONSISTENCY WITHOTHER LAWS.—The Secretary shall ensure the consistency, to the extent practicable, of fishery manage-ment programs administered under this title, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 (16 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), the South Pacific Tuna Act of 1988 (16 U.S.C. 973 et seq.), sec-tion 401 of Public Law 108–219 (16 U.S.C. 1821 note) (relating to Pacific albacore tuna), the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Con-vention Implementation Act (16 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Authorization Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–567) and the amend-ments made by that Act, and Public Law 100– 629 (102 Stat. 3286). (d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Regulations promulgated by the Secretary under this title shall be subject to judicial review to the extent au-thorized by, and in accordance with, chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, if a petition for such review is filed not later than 30 days after the date on which the regulations are promulgated or the action is published in the Federal Register, as applicable. (2) R
ESPONSES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall file a response to any petition filed in ac-cordance with paragraph (1) not later than 30 days after the date the Secretary is served with that petition, except that the appro-priate court may extend the period for filing such a response upon a showing by the Sec-retary of good cause for that extension. (3) C
OPIES OF ADMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—A response of the Secretary under paragraph (2) shall include a copy of the administrative record for the regulations that are the sub-ject of the petition. (4) E
XPEDITED HEARINGS .—Upon a motion by the person who files a petition under this subsection, the appropriate court shall as-sign the matter for hearing at the earliest possible date. SEC. 205. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITY .—This title, and any regulations or permits issued under this title, shall be enforced by the Secretary and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. Such Secre-taries shall, and the head of any Federal or State agency that has entered into an agree-ment with either such Secretary under this section may (if the agreement so provides), authorize officers to enforce this title or any regulation promulgated under this title. Any officer so authorized may enforce this title in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and du-ties as though section 311 of the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of this title. (b) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— The Secretary and the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall prevent any person from vio-lating this title in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though sections 308 through 311 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1858 through 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of this title. Any per-son that violates this title shall be subject to the penalties, and entitled to the privileges and immunities, provided in the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) in the same manner and by the same means as though sections 308 through 311 of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1858 through 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of this title. (c) D
ISTRICT COURT JURISDICTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The district courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction over any actions arising under this section. (2) H
AWAII AND PACIFIC INSULAR AREAS .— Notwithstanding subsection (b), for the pur-pose of this section, for Hawaii or any pos-session of the United States in the Pacific Ocean, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Ha-waii, except that— (A) in the case of Guam and Wake Island, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Guam; and (B) in the case of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of the Northern Mariana Islands. (3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Each violation shall be a separate offense and the offense is deemed to have been committed not only in the dis-trict where the violation first occurred, but also in any other district as authorized by law. Any offenses not committed in any dis-trict are subject to the venue provisions of section 3238 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 206. PROHIBITED ACTS. 
It is unlawful for any person— (1) to violate any provision of this title or of any regulation promulgated or permit issued under this title; (2) to use any fishing vessel to engage in fishing without a valid permit or after the revocation, or during the period of suspen-sion, of an applicable permit pursuant to this title; (3) to refuse to permit any officer author-ized to enforce this title to board a fishing vessel subject to such person’s control for the purposes of conducting any investigation or inspection in connection with the enforce-ment of this title; (4) to assault, resist, oppose, impede, in-timidate, or interfere with any such author-ized officer in the conduct of any search, in-vestigation, or inspection in connection with the enforcement of this title or any regula-tion promulgated or permit issued under this title; (5) to resist a lawful arrest for any act pro-hibited by this title or any regulation pro-mulgated or permit issued under this title; (6) to ship, transport, offer for sale, sell, purchase, import, export, or have custody, control, or possession of, any fishery re-sources taken or retained in violation of this title or any regulation or permit referred to in paragraph (1) or (2); (7) to interfere with, delay, or prevent, by any means, the apprehension or arrest of an-other person, knowing that such other per-son has committed any act prohibited by this title; (8) to submit to the Secretary false infor-mation, regarding any matter that the Sec-retary is considering in the course of car-rying out this title; (9) to assault, resist, oppose, impede, in-timidate, sexually harass, bribe, or interfere with any observer on a vessel pursuant to the requirements of this title, or any data collector employed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration or under contract to any person to carry out respon-sibilities under this title; (10) to fail to make, keep, or furnish any catch returns, statistical records, or other reports as are required by regulations adopt-ed pursuant to this title to be made, kept, or furnished; (11) to fail to stop a vessel upon being hailed and instructed to stop by a duly au-thorized official of the United States; (12) to import, in violation of any regula-tion promulgated under this title, any fish-ery resources in any form of those species subject to regulation pursuant to a decision of the Commission; (13) to make or submit any false record, ac-count, or label for, or any false identification of, any fishery resources that have been or are intended to be imported, exported, trans-ported, sold, offered for sale, purchased, or received in interstate or foreign commerce; or (14) to refuse to authorize and accept boarding by a duly authorized inspector pur-suant to procedures adopted by the Commis-sion for the boarding and inspection of fish-ing vessels in the Convention Area. SEC. 207. COOPERATION IN CARRYING OUT THE CONVENTION. 
(a) F EDERAL AND STATE AGENCIES ; PRIVATE  I
NSTITUTIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec- retary may cooperate with agencies of the United States Government, any public or private institutions or organizations within the United States or abroad, and, through the Secretary of State, the duly authorized officials of the government of any party to the South Pacific Fishery Resources Conven-tion, in carrying out responsibilities under this title. (b) S
CIENTIFIC AND OTHER PROGRAMS ; FA-
CILITIES AND PERSONNEL .—All Federal agen-cies may, upon the request of the Secretary, cooperate in the conduct of scientific and other programs and to furnish facilities and personnel for the purpose of assisting the Commission in carrying out its duties under the South Pacific Fishery Resources Conven-tion. (c) S
ANCTIONED FISHING OPERATIONS AND  B
IOLOGICAL EXPERIMENTS .—Nothing in this title, or in the laws or regulations of any State, prevents the Secretary or the Com-mission from— (1) conducting or authorizing the conduct of fishing operations and biological experi-ments at any time for purposes of scientific investigation; or (2) discharging any other duties prescribed by the South Pacific Fishery Resources Con-vention. (d) S
TATE JURISDICTION NOTAFFECTED .— Nothing in this title shall be construed to di-minish or to increase the jurisdiction of any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.042 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7539 December 8, 2016 
State in the territorial sea of the United States. 
SEC. 208. TERRITORIAL PARTICIPATION. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure par-ticipation in the Commission and its sub-sidiary bodies by American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands to the extent allowed under United States law. 
SEC. 209. EXCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE NOTIFICA-TION. 
Masters of commercial fishing vessels of countries fishing under the management au-thority of the South Pacific Fisheries Con-vention that do not carry vessel monitoring systems capable of communicating with United States enforcement authorities shall, before or as soon as reasonably possible after, entering and transiting the exclusive economic zone bounded by the Convention Area, ensure that all fishing gear on board the vessel is stowed below deck or otherwise removed from the place it is normally used for fishing activities and placed where it is not readily available for fishing activities. 
SEC. 210. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated out of funds made available to the Secretary and the Secretary of State $300,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this title and to pay the United States contribution to the Commis-sion under Article 15 of the South Pacific Fisheries Convention. (b) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND AS-
SISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limits of available appropriations and consistent with applicable law, the Secretary or the Sec-retary of State may provide appropriate as-sistance, including grants, to developing na-tions and international organizations of which such nations are members to assist those nations in meeting their obligations under the South Pacific Fisheries Conven-tion. (2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Subject to the limits of available appropriations and con-sistent with other applicable law, the Sec-retary and the Secretary of State are au-thorized to transfer funds to any foreign gov-ernment and any international, non-govern-mental, or international organization, in-cluding the Commission, for purposes of car-rying out the international responsibilities under paragraph (1). TITLE III—WESTERN AND CENTRAL PACIFIC FISHERIES COMMISSION 
SEC. 301. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR AGENDA OF ANNUAL MEETINGS OF WESTERN AND CENTRAL PACIFIC FISHERIES COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementa-tion Act is amended— (1) in section 503 (16 U.S.C. 6902)— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and commercial fishing’’ after ‘‘fish stocks’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) A
GENDA RECOMMENDATIONS .—No later than 30 days before each annual meeting of the Commission, the Advisory Committee shall transmit to the United States Commis-sioners recommendations relating to the agenda of the annual meeting. The rec-ommendations must be agreed to by a major-ity of the Advisory Committee members. The United States Commissioners shall consider such recommendations, along with addi-tional views transmitted by Advisory Com-mittee members, in the formulation of the United States position for the Commission meeting and during the negotiations at that meeting.’’; and (2) by redesignating section 511 (16 U.S.C. 6910) as section 512, and inserting after sec-tion 510 the following: ‘‘SEC. 511. UNITED STATES CONSERVATION, MAN-AGEMENT, AND ENFORCEMENT OB-JECTIVES. 
‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, in the course of negotia-tions, shall seek— ‘‘(1) to minimize any disadvantage to United States fishermen in relation to other members of the Commission; ‘‘(2) to maximize the opportunities for fish-ing vessels of the United States to harvest fish stocks on the high seas in the Conven-tion area, recognizing that such harvests may be restricted if the Commission, based on the best available scientific information provided by the Scientific Committee, deter-mines it is necessary to achieve the con-servation objective set forth in Article 2 of the Convention; ‘‘(3) to prevent any requirement for the transfer to other nations or foreign entities of the fishing capacity, fishing capacity rights, or fishing vessels of the United States or its territories, unless any such require-ment is voluntary and market-based; and ‘‘(4) to ensure that conservation and man-agement measures take into consideration traditional fishing patterns of fishing vessels of the United States and the operating re-quirements of the fisheries covered by the Western and Central Pacific Convention.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1(b) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Reauthorization Act of 2006 is amended in the table of contents by striking the item relating to section 511 (121 Stat. 3576) and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 511. United States conservation, man-agement, and enforcement ob-jectives. ‘‘Sec. 512. Authorization of appropriations.’’. TITLE IV—ILLEGAL, UNREGULATED, AND UNREPORTED FISHING 
SEC. 401. AMENDMENTS TO THE HIGH SEAS DRIFTNET FISHING MORATORIUM PROTECTION ACT. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF ACT.—Section 606(b) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) the Ensuring Access to Pacific Fish-eries Act.’’. (b) B
IENNIAL REPORTS .—Section 607 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Pro-tection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826h) is amended by inserting ‘‘on June 1 of that year’’ after ‘‘every 2 years thereafter,’’. (c) I
DENTIFICATION OF VESSELS .—Section 609(a) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Mor-atorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826j(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fishing vessels of that nation are engaged, or have’’ and inserting ‘‘any fishing vessel of that nation is engaged, or has’’. (d) I
DENTIFICATION OF NATIONS .—Section 610(a)(2)(A) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826k) is amended by striking ‘‘calendar year’’ and inserting ‘‘3 years’’. TITLE V—NORTHWEST ATLANTIC FISH-ERIES CONVENTION AMENDMENTS ACT 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES TO THE NORTHWEST ATLANTIC FISHERIES CONVENTION ACT OF 1995. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Con-vention Amendments Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES TO THE NORTHWEST ATLAN -
TICFISHERIES CONVENTION ACT OF 1995.—Ex- cept as otherwise expressly provided, when-ever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Convention Act of 1995 (16 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.). SEC. 502. REPRESENTATION OF THE UNITED STATES UNDER CONVENTION. 
Section 202 (16 U.S.C. 5601) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Gen-eral Council and the Fisheries’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘at a meeting of the General Council or the Fish-eries Commission’’; (3) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘, at any meeting of the General Council or the Fisheries Commission for which the Alter-nate Commissioner is designated’’; (4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘at a meeting of the Scientific Council’’; (5) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘, at any meeting of the Scientific Council for which the Alternate Representative is des-ignated’’; and (6) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘Magnuson Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act’’. 
SEC. 503. REQUESTS FOR SCIENTIFIC ADVICE. 
Section 203 (16 U.S.C. 5602) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Representatives may’’ and inserting ‘‘A Representative may’’; (B) by striking ‘‘described in subsection (b)(1) or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b)’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the Representatives have’’ and inserting ‘‘the Representative has’’; (2) by striking ‘‘VII(1)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘VII(10)(b)’’; and (3) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘VIII(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘VII(11)’’. 
SEC. 504. AUTHORITIES OF SECRETARY OF STATE WITH RESPECT TO CONVENTION. 
Section 204 (16 U.S.C. 5603) is amended by striking ‘‘Fisheries Commission’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Commission con-sistent with the procedures detailed in Arti-cles XIV and XV of the Convention’’. 
SEC. 505. INTERAGENCY COOPERATION. 
Section 205(a) (16 U.S.C. 5604(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITIES OF THE SECRETARY .—In carrying out the provisions of the Conven-tion and this title, the Secretary may ar-range for cooperation with— ‘‘(1) any department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States; ‘‘(2) a State; ‘‘(3) a Council; or ‘‘(4) a private institution or an organiza-tion.’’. 
SEC. 506. PROHIBITED ACTS AND PENALTIES. 
Section 207(a)(5) (16 U.S.C. 5606(a)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘fish’’ and inserting ‘‘fishery resources’’. 
SEC. 507. CONSULTATIVE COMMITTEE. 
Section 208 (16 U.S.C. 5607) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘two’’ and inserting ‘‘2’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘General Council or the Fisheries’’ each place it ap-pears. 
SEC. 508. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 210 (16 U.S.C. 5609) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 210. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) 1982 
CONVENTION .—The term ‘1982 Con-vention’ means the United Nations Conven-tion on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘authorized enforcement officer’ means a person authorized to enforce this title, any regulation issued under this title, or any measure that is legally binding on the United States under the Convention. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.042 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7540 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(3) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘Commission’ means the body provided for by Articles V, VI, XIII, XIV, and XV of the Convention. ‘‘(4) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘Commis-sioner’ means a United States Commissioner to the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organi-zation appointed under section 202. ‘‘(5) C
ONVENTION .—The term ‘Convention’ means the Convention on Future Multilat-eral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, done at Ottawa on October 24, 1978, and as amended on September 28, 2007. ‘‘(6) C
ONVENTION AREA .—The term ‘Conven-tion Area’ means the waters of the North-west Atlantic Ocean north of 35 °00′ N and west of a line extending due north from 35 °00′ N and 42°00′ W to 59°00′ N, thence due west to 44°00′ W, and thence due north to the coast of Greenland, and the waters of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, Davis Strait and Baffin Bay south of 78°10′ N. ‘‘(7) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘Council’ means the New England Fishery Management Coun-cil or the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council. ‘‘(8) F
ISHERY RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘fishery re-sources’ means all fish, mollusks, and crus-taceans, including any products thereof, within the Convention Area. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘fishery re-sources’ does not include— ‘‘(i) sedentary species over which coastal States may exercise sovereign rights con-sistent with Article 77 of the 1982 Conven-tion; or ‘‘(ii) insofar as they are managed under other international treaties, anadromous and catadromous stocks and highly migra-tory species listed in Annex I of the 1982 Con-vention. ‘‘(9) F
ISHING ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘fishing activi-ties’ means harvesting or processing fishery resources, or transhipping of fishery re-sources or products derived from fishery re-sources, or any other activity in preparation for, in support of, or related to the har-vesting of fishery resources. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘fishing activi-ties’ includes— ‘‘(i) the actual or attempted searching for or catching or taking of fishery resources; ‘‘(ii) any activity that can reasonably be expected to result in locating, catching, tak-ing, or harvesting of fishery resources for any purpose; and ‘‘(iii) any operation at sea in support of, or in preparation for, any activity described in this paragraph. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘fishing activi-ties’ does not include any operation related to emergencies involving the health and safety of crew members or the safety of a vessel. ‘‘(10) F
ISHING VESSEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘fishing vessel’ means a vessel that is or has been engaged in fishing activities. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘fishing vessel’ includes a fish processing vessel or a vessel engaged in transshipment or any other activ-ity in preparation for or related to fishing activities, or in experimental or exploratory fishing activities. ‘‘(11) O
RGANIZATION .—The term ‘Organiza-tion’ means the Northwest Atlantic Fish-eries Organization provided for by Article V of the Convention. ‘‘(12) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means any individual (whether or not a citizen or national of the United States), and any cor-poration, partnership, association, or other entity (whether or not organized or existing under the laws of any State). ‘‘(13) R
EPRESENTATIVE .—The term ‘Rep-resentative’ means a United States Rep-resentative to the Northwest Atlantic Fish-eries Scientific Council appointed under sec-tion 202. ‘‘(14) SCIENTIFIC COUNCIL .—The term ‘Sci-entific Council’ means the Scientific Council provided for by Articles V, VI, and VII of the Convention. ‘‘(15) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Commerce. ‘‘(16) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any other com-monwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. ‘‘(17) T
RANSSHIPMENT .—The term ‘trans-shipment’ means the unloading of all or any of the fishery resources on board a fishing vessel to another fishing vessel either at sea or in port.’’. 
SEC. 509. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 211 (16 U.S.C. 5610) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘including use for payment as the United States contribution to the Or-ganization as provided in Article XVI of the Convention’’ and inserting ‘‘including to pay the United States contribution to the Orga-nization as provided in Article IX of the Con-vention’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
SEC. 510. QUOTA ALLOCATION PRACTICE. 
Section 213 (16 U.S.C. 5612) is repealed. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 601. REPEAL OF NOAA OCEANS AND HUMAN HEALTH INITIATIVE REPORT. 
Section 904 of the Oceans and Human Health Act (33 U.S.C. 3103) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) I
N G
ENERAL .—’’ and indenting appropriately; and (2) by striking subsection (b). 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6480) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Intelligence Community Manage-ment Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6480 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Explanatory statement. TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 102. Classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions. Sec. 103. Personnel ceiling adjustments. Sec. 104. Intelligence Community Manage-ment Account. TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT AND DIS-ABILITY SYSTEM Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS Sec. 301. Restriction on conduct of intel-ligence activities. Sec. 302. Increase in employee compensation and benefits authorized by law. Sec. 303. Support to nonprofit organizations assisting intelligence commu-nity employees. Sec. 304. Promotion of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education in the intelligence community. Sec. 305. Retention of employees of the in-telligence community who have science, technology, engineer-ing, or mathematics expertise. Sec. 306. Multi-sector workforce. Sec. 307. Notification of repair or modifica-tion of facilities to be used pri-marily by the intelligence com-munity. Sec. 308. Guidance and reporting require-ment regarding the inter-actions between the intel-ligence community and enter-tainment industry. Sec. 309. Protections for independent inspec-tors general of certain elements of the intelligence community. Sec. 310. Congressional oversight of policy directives and guidance. Sec. 311. Notification of memoranda of un-derstanding. Sec. 312. Assistance for nationally signifi-cant critical infrastructure. Sec. 313. Technical correction to Executive Schedule. Sec. 314. Maximum amount charged for de-classification reviews. TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELE-MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY Subtitle A—Office of the Director of National Intelligence Sec. 401. Designation of the Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center. Sec. 402. Analyses and impact statements by Director of National Intel-ligence regarding investment into the United States. Sec. 403. Assistance for governmental enti-ties and private entities in rec-ognizing online violent extrem-ist content. Subtitle B—Central Intelligence Agency Sec. 411. Enhanced death benefits for per-sonnel of the Central Intel-ligence Agency. Sec. 412. Pay and retirement authorities of the Inspector General of the Central Intelligence Agency. Subtitle C—Other Elements Sec. 421. Enhancing the technical workforce for the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation. Sec. 422. Plan on assumption of certain weather missions by the Na-tional Reconnaissance Office. TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES Sec. 501. Committee to counter active meas-ures by the Russian Federation to exert covert influence over peoples and governments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.042 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7541 December 8, 2016 
Sec. 502. Travel of accredited diplomatic and consular personnel of the Rus-sian Federation in the United States. Sec. 503. Study and report on enhanced in-telligence and information sharing with Open Skies Treaty member states. TITLE VI—REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 601. Declassification review with re-spect to detainees transferred from United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 602. Cyber Center for Education and In-novation-Home of the National Cryptologic Museum. Sec. 603. Report on national security sys-tems. Sec. 604. Joint facilities certification. Sec. 605. Leadership and management of space activities. Sec. 606. Advances in life sciences and bio-technology. Sec. 607. Reports on declassification pro-posals. Sec. 608. Improvement in Government clas-sification and declassification. Sec. 609. Report on implementation of re-search and development rec-ommendations. Sec. 610. Report on Intelligence Community Research and Development Corps. Sec. 611. Report on information relating to academic programs, scholar-ships, fellowships, and intern-ships sponsored, administered, or used by the intelligence com-munity. Sec. 612. Report on intelligence community employees detailed to National Security Council. Sec. 613. Intelligence community reporting to Congress on foreign fighter flows. Sec. 614. Report on cybersecurity threats to seaports of the United States and maritime shipping. Sec. 615. Report on programs to counter ter-rorist narratives. Sec. 616. Report on reprisals against con-tractors of the intelligence community. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means— (A) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
SEC. 3. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT. 
The explanatory statement regarding this Act, printed in the House section of the Con-gressional Record on or about December 8, 2016, by the Chairman of the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, shall have the same ef-fect with respect to the implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the conduct of the intelligence and intelligence-related ac-tivities of the following elements of the United States Government: (1) The Office of the Director of National Intelligence. (2) The Central Intelligence Agency. (3) The Department of Defense. (4) The Defense Intelligence Agency. (5) The National Security Agency. (6) The Department of the Army, the De-partment of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force. (7) The Coast Guard. (8) The Department of State. (9) The Department of the Treasury. (10) The Department of Energy. (11) The Department of Justice. (12) The Federal Bureau of Investigation. (13) The Drug Enforcement Administra-tion. (14) The National Reconnaissance Office. (15) The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. (16) The Department of Homeland Secu-rity. SEC. 102. CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZA-TIONS. 
(a) S PECIFICATIONS OF AMOUNTS .—The amounts authorized to be appropriated under section 101 and, subject to section 103, the authorized personnel ceilings as of Sep-tember 30, 2017, for the conduct of the intel-ligence activities of the elements listed in paragraphs (1) through (16) of section 101, are those specified in the classified Schedule of Authorizations prepared to accompany this Act. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE  
OFAUTHORIZATIONS .— (1) A
VAILABILITY .—The classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in subsection (a) shall be made available to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and to the President. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION BY THE PRESIDENT .—Sub- ject to paragraph (3), the President shall pro-vide for suitable distribution of the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in subsection (a), or of appropriate portions of such Schedule, within the executive branch. (3) L
IMITS ON DISCLOSURE .—The President shall not publicly disclose the classified Schedule of Authorizations or any portion of such Schedule except— (A) as provided in section 601(a) of the Im-plementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 3306(a)); (B) to the extent necessary to implement the budget; or (C) as otherwise required by law. 
SEC. 103. PERSONNEL CEILING ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR INCREASES .—The Direc-tor of National Intelligence may authorize employment of civilian personnel in excess of the number authorized for fiscal year 2017 by the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a) if the Director of National Intelligence determines that such action is necessary to the performance of im-portant intelligence functions, except that the number of personnel employed in excess of the number authorized under such section may not, for any element of the intelligence community, exceed 3 percent of the number of civilian personnel authorized under such schedule for such element. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL .— The Director of National Intelligence shall establish guidelines that govern, for each element of the intelligence community, the treatment under the personnel levels author-ized under section 102(a), including any ex-emption from such personnel levels, of em-ployment or assignment in— (1) a student program, trainee program, or similar program; (2) a reserve corps or as a reemployed an-nuitant; or (3) details, joint duty, or long-term, full- time training. (c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE  C
OMMITTEES .—The Director of National In-telligence shall notify the congressional in-telligence committees in writing at least 15 days prior to each exercise of an authority described in subsection (a). (d) CONTRACTOR CONVERSIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY FOR INCREASES .—In addition to the authority under subsection (a), the Di-rector of National Intelligence may author-ize employment of civilian personnel in an element of the intelligence community in ex-cess of the number authorized for fiscal year 2017 by the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions referred to in section 102(a), as such number may be increased pursuant to sub-section (a), if— (A) the Director determines that the in-crease under this paragraph is necessary to convert the performance of any function of the element by contractors to performance by civilian personnel; and (B) the number of civilian personnel of the element employed in excess of the number authorized under such section 102(a), as such number may be increased pursuant to both subsection (a) and this paragraph, does not exceed 10 percent of the number of civilian personnel authorized under such schedule for the element. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE  
COMMITTEES .—Not less than 30 days prior to exercising the authority described in para-graph (1), the Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to the congressional in-telligence committees, in writing— (A) notification of exercising such author-ity; (B) justification for making the conversion described in subparagraph (A) of such para-graph; and (C) certification that such conversion is cost effective. 
SEC. 104. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGE-MENT ACCOUNT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated for the Intelligence Community Management Account of the Director of National Intel-ligence for fiscal year 2017 the sum of $561,788,000. Within such amount, funds iden-tified in the classified Schedule of Author-izations referred to in section 102(a) for ad-vanced research and development shall re-main available until September 30, 2018. (b) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS .—The elements within the Intelligence Community Management Account of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence are authorized 787 posi-tions as of September 30, 2017. Personnel serving in such elements may be permanent employees of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence or personnel detailed from other elements of the United States Government. (c) C
LASSIFIED AUTHORIZATIONS .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Intelligence Community Man-agement Account by subsection (a), there are authorized to be appropriated for the Intel-ligence Community Management Account for fiscal year 2017 such additional amounts as are specified in the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a). Such additional amounts made available for advanced research and development shall re-main available until September 30, 2018. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL .—In addi- tion to the personnel authorized by sub-section (b) for elements of the Intelligence Community Management Account as of Sep-tember 30, 2017, there are authorized such ad-ditional personnel for the Community Man-agement Account as of that date as are spec-ified in the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions referred to in section 102(a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7542 December 8, 2016 
TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-TEM 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2017 the sum of $514,000,000. TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS 
SEC. 301. RESTRICTION ON CONDUCT OF INTEL-LIGENCE ACTIVITIES. 
The authorization of appropriations by this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
SEC. 302. INCREASE IN EMPLOYEE COMPENSA-TION AND BENEFITS AUTHORIZED BY LAW. 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such com-pensation or benefits authorized by law. 
SEC. 303. SUPPORT TO NONPROFIT ORGANIZA-TIONS ASSISTING INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) D IRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .— Section 102A of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(y) F
UNDRAISING .—(1) The Director of Na-tional Intelligence may engage in fund-raising in an official capacity for the benefit of nonprofit organizations that— ‘‘(A) provide support to surviving family members of a deceased employee of an ele-ment of the intelligence community; or ‘‘(B) otherwise provide support for the wel-fare, education, or recreation of employees of an element of the intelligence community, former employees of an element of the intel-ligence community, or family members of such employees. ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘fund-raising’ means the raising of funds through the active participation in the promotion, production, or presentation of an event de-signed to raise funds and does not include the direct solicitation of money by any other means. ‘‘(3) Not later than 7 days after the date the Director engages in fundraising author-ized by this subsection or at the time the de-cision is made to participate in such fund-raising, the Director shall notify the con-gressional intelligence committees of such fundraising. ‘‘(4) The Director, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, shall issue regulations to carry out the au-thority provided in this subsection. Such regulations shall ensure that such authority is exercised in a manner that is consistent with all relevant ethical constraints and principles, including the avoidance of any prohibited conflict of interest or appearance of impropriety.’’. (b) D
IRECTOR OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE  A
GENCY .—Section 12(f) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3512(f)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) Not later than the date that is 7 days after the date the Director engages in fund-raising authorized by this subsection or at the time the decision is made to participate in such fundraising, the Director shall notify the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representa-tives of the fundraising.’’. SEC. 304. PROMOTION OF SCIENCE, TECH-NOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATH-EMATICS EDUCATION IN THE INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR INVESTMENT STRAT -
EGY FOR STEM R ECRUITING AND OUTREACH  A
CTIVITIES .—Along with the budget for fiscal year 2018 submitted by the President pursu-ant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit a five-year investment strategy for outreach and recruiting efforts in the fields of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics (STEM), to include cy-bersecurity and computer literacy. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR INTELLIGENCE COMMU -
NITY PLANS FOR STEM R ECRUITING AND OUT-
REACH ACTIVITIES .—For each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the head of each ele-ment of the intelligence community shall submit an investment plan along with the materials submitted as justification of the budget request of such element that supports the strategy required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 305. RETENTION OF EMPLOYEES OF THE IN-TELLIGENCE COMMUNITY WHO HAVE SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGI-NEERING, OR MATHEMATICS EXPER-TISE. 
(a) S PECIAL RATES OF PAY FOR CERTAIN OC-
CUPATIONS IN THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU -
NITY.—The National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 113A the following: 
‘‘SEC. 113B. SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITY FOR SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEER-ING, OR MATHEMATICS POSITIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOSETSPECIAL RATES OF  P
AY.—Notwithstanding part III of title 5, United States Code, the head of each element of the intelligence community may establish higher minimum rates of pay for 1 or more categories of positions in such element that require expertise in science, technology, en-gineering, or mathematics (STEM). ‘‘(b) M
AXIMUM SPECIAL RATE OF PAY.—A minimum rate of pay established for a cat-egory of positions under subsection (a) may not exceed the maximum rate of basic pay (excluding any locality-based comparability payment under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, or similar provision of law) for the position in that category of positions without the authority of subsection (a) by more than 30 percent, and no rate may be es-tablished under this section in excess of the rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION OF REMOVAL FROM SPE-
CIAL RATE OF PAY.—If the head of an element of the intelligence community removes a category of positions from coverage under a rate of pay authorized by subsection (a) after that rate of pay takes effect— ‘‘(1) the head of such element shall provide notice of the loss of coverage of the special rate of pay to each individual in such cat-egory; and ‘‘(2) the loss of coverage will take effect on the first day of the first pay period after the date of the notice. ‘‘(d) R
EVISION OF SPECIAL RATES OF PAY.— Subject to the limitations in this section, rates of pay established under this section by the head of the element of the intelligence community may be revised from time to time by the head of such element and the re-visions have the force and effect of statute. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The head of each ele-ment of the intelligence community shall promulgate regulations to carry out this sec-tion with respect to such element, which shall, to the extent practicable, be com-parable to the regulations promulgated to carry out section 5305 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) REQUIREMENT FOR REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017, the head of each element of the intelligence community shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a re-port on any rates of pay established for such element under this section. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall contain for each element of the intelligence community— ‘‘(A) a description of any rates of pay es-tablished under subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) the number of positions in such ele-ment that will be subject to such rates of pay.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 113A the following: ‘‘Sec. 113B. Special pay authority for science, technology, engineer-ing, or math positions.’’. 
SEC. 306. MULTI-SECTOR WORKFORCE. 
(a) M ULTI-SECTOR WORKFORCE INITIATIVE .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall implement a multi- sector workforce initiative— (A) to improve management of the work-force of the intelligence community; (B) to achieve an appropriate ratio of em-ployees of the United States Government and core contractors in such workforce; and (C) to establish processes that enables ele-ments of the intelligence community to build and maintain an appropriate ratio of such employees and core contractors. (2) B
RIEFING TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall brief the congressional intel-ligence committees on the initiative re-quired by paragraph (1). (b) M
ANAGEMENT BASED ON WORKLOAD RE-
QUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 102 and 103, during each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the personnel of the intelligence community shall be managed each fiscal year solely on the basis of, and consistent with— (A) the workload required to carry out the functions and activities of the intelligence community; and (B) the funds made available to the intel-ligence community for such fiscal year. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON CONSTRAINTS OR LIMITA -
TIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 102 and 103, the management of the personnel of the intelligence community in any fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation in terms of man years, end strength, positions, or maximum number of employees. (B) T
ERMINATION .—The prohibition on con-straints and limitations under subparagraph (A) shall terminate on September 30, 2018. (3) N
EW STARTS .—Notwithstanding para-graph (2)(A), any initiation, resumption, or continuation by an element of intelligence community of any project, subproject, activ-ity, budget activity, program element, or subprogram within a program element for which an appropriation, fund, or other au-thority was not made available during the previous fiscal year may only be carried out if such project, subproject, activity, budget activity, program element, or subprogram is specifically authorized consistent with sec-tion 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094). (c) R
EQUIRED EMPLOYEES .—Notwith- standing to sections 102 and 103, during each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018 the Director of National Intelligence shall ensure that there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7543 December 8, 2016 
are employed during a fiscal year employees in the number and with the combination of skills and qualifications that are necessary to carry out the functions for which funds are provided to the intelligence community for that fiscal year. (d) B
RIEFING AND REPORT TO CONGRESS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall issue a written re-port and provide a briefing to the congres-sional intelligence committees on— (1) the methodology used to calculate the number of civilian and contractor full-time equivalent positions in the intelligence com-munity; (2) the cost analysis tool used to calculate personnel costs in the intelligence commu-nity; and (3) the plans of the Director of National In-telligence and the head of each element of the intelligence community to implement a multi-sector workforce as required by sub-sections (a) and (b). (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Intelligence Commu-nity shall submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees a written report on the accuracy of intelligence community data for the numbers and costs associated with the civilian and contractor workforce in each element of the intelligence community. 
SEC. 307. NOTIFICATION OF REPAIR OR MODI-FICATION OF FACILITIES TO BE USED PRIMARILY BY THE INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
Section 602(a)(2) of the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (50 U.S.C. 3304(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘im-provement project to’’ and inserting ‘‘project for the improvement, repair, or modification of’’. 
SEC. 308. GUIDANCE AND REPORTING REQUIRE-MENT REGARDING THE INTER-ACTIONS BETWEEN THE INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY AND ENTER-TAINMENT INDUSTRY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
NGAGEMENT .—The term ‘‘engage-ment’’— (A) means any significant interaction be-tween an element of the intelligence commu-nity and an entertainment industry entity for the purposes of contributing to an enter-tainment product intended to be heard, read, viewed, or otherwise experienced by the pub-lic; and (B) does not include routine inquiries made by the press or news media to the public af-fairs office of an intelligence community. (2) E
NTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY ENTITY .—The term ‘‘entertainment industry entity’’ means an entity that creates, produces, pro-motes, or distributes a work of entertain-ment intended to be heard, read, viewed, or otherwise experienced by an audience, in-cluding— (A) theater productions, motion pictures, radio broadcasts, television broadcasts, podcasts, webcasts, other sound or visual re-cording, music, or dance; (B) books and other published material; and (C) such other entertainment activity, as determined by the Director of National In-telligence. (b) D
IRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE  G
UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall issue, and release to the public, guidance re-garding engagements by elements of the in-telligence community with entertainment industry entities. (2) C
RITERIA .—The guidance required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) permit an element of the intelligence community to conduct engagements, if the head of the element, or a designee of such head, provides prior approval; and (B) require an unclassified annual report to the congressional intelligence committees regarding engagements. (c) ANNUAL REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (b)(2)(B) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the nature and dura-tion of each engagement included in the re-view. (2) The cost incurred by the United States Government for each such engagement. (3) A description of the benefits to the United States Government for each such en-gagement. (4) A determination of whether any infor-mation was declassified, and whether any classified information was improperly dis-closed, or each such engagement. (5) A description of the work produced through each such engagement. 
SEC. 309. PROTECTIONS FOR INDEPENDENT IN-SPECTORS GENERAL OF CERTAIN ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) L IMITATION ON ACTIVITIES OF EMPLOY -
EES OF AN OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .— (1) L
IMITATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall develop and implement a uniform policy for each covered office of an inspector general to better ensure the independence of each such office. Such policy shall include— (A) provisions to prevent any conflict of in-terest related to a matter any employee of a covered office of an inspector general person-ally and substantially participated in during previous employment; (B) standards to ensure personnel of a cov-ered office of an inspector general are free both in fact and in appearance from per-sonal, external, and organizational impair-ments to independence; (C) provisions to permit the head of each covered office of an inspector general to waive the application of the policy with re-spect to an individual if such head— (i) prepares a written and signed justifica-tion for such waiver that sets out, in detail, the need for such waiver, provided that waiv-ers shall not be issued for in fact impair-ments to independence; and (ii) submits to the congressional intel-ligence committees each such justification; and (D) any other protections the Director de-termines appropriate. (2) C
OVERED OFFICE OF AN INSPECTOR GEN -
ERAL DEFINED .—The term ‘‘covered office of an inspector general’’ means— (A) the Office of the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community; and (B) the office of an inspector general for— (i) the Office of the Director of National In-telligence; (ii) the Central Intelligence Agency; (iii) the National Security Agency; (iv) the Defense Intelligence Agency; (v) the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; and (vi) the National Reconnaissance Office. (3) B
RIEFING TO THE CONGRESSIONAL INTEL -
LIGENCE COMMITTEES .—Prior to the date that the policy required by paragraph (1) takes ef-fect, the Director of National Intelligence shall provide the congressional intelligence committees a briefing on such policy. (b) L
IMITATION ON ROTATION OF EMPLOYEES  
OF AN OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .—Sec- tion 102A(l)(3) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(l)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) The mechanisms prescribed under subparagraph (A) and any other policies of the Director— ‘‘(i) may not require an employee of an of-fice of inspector general for an element of the intelligence community, including the Office of the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community, to rotate to a position in an office or organization of such an ele-ment over which such office of inspector gen-eral exercises jurisdiction; and ‘‘(ii) shall be implemented in a manner that exempts employees of an office of in-spector general from a rotation that may im-pact the independence of such office.’’. SEC. 310. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF POL-ICY DIRECTIVES AND GUIDANCE. 
(a) C OVERED POLICY DOCUMENT DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘covered policy document’’ means any classified or unclassi-fied Presidential Policy Directive, Presi-dential Policy Guidance, or other similar policy document issued by the President, in-cluding any classified or unclassified annex to such a Directive, Guidance, or other docu-ment, that assigns tasks, roles, or respon-sibilities to the intelligence community or an element of the intelligence community. (b) S
UBMISSIONS TO CONGRESS .—The Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees the following: (1) Not later than 15 days after the date that a covered policy document is issued, a written notice of the issuance and a sum-mary of the subject matter addressed by such covered policy document. (2) Not later than 15 days after the date that the Director issues any guidance or di-rection on implementation of a covered pol-icy document or implements a covered pol-icy document, a copy of such guidance or di-rection or a description of such implementa-tion. (3) Not later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, for any covered policy document issued prior to such date that is being implemented by any element of the intelligence community or that is in ef-fect on such date— (A) a written notice that includes the date such covered policy document was issued and a summary of the subject matter addressed by such covered policy document; and (B) if the Director has issued any guidance or direction on implementation of such cov-ered policy document or is implementing such covered policy document, a copy of the guidance or direction or a written descrip-tion of such implementation. 
SEC. 311. NOTIFICATION OF MEMORANDA OF UN-DERSTANDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of each element of the intelligence community shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a copy of each memorandum of under-standing or other agreement regarding sig-nificant operational activities or policy be-tween or among such element and any other entity or entities of the United States Gov-ernment— (1) for such a memorandum or agreement that is in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, not later than 60 days after such date; and (2) for such a memorandum or agreement entered into after such date, in a timely manner and not more than 60 days after the date such memorandum or other agreement is entered into. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE MEMORANDUM OR  A
GREEMENT .—Nothing in this section may be construed to require an element of the intel-ligence community to submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees any memo-randum or agreement that is solely adminis-trative in nature, including a memorandum or agreement regarding joint duty or other routine personnel assignments. 
SEC. 312. ASSISTANCE FOR NATIONALLY SIGNIFI-CANT CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7544 December 8, 2016 
(1) C OVERED CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— The term ‘‘covered critical infrastructure’’ means the critical infrastructure identified pursuant to section 9(a) of Executive Order No. 13636 of February 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 11742; related to improving critical infra-structure cybersecurity). (2) C
OVERED CYBER ASSET .—The term ‘‘cov-ered cyber asset’’ means an information sys-tem or industrial control system that is es-sential to the operation of covered critical infrastructure. (3) P
ROGRAM .—Except as otherwise specifi-cally provided, the term ‘‘program’’ means the program required by subsection (b). (4) S
ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .—The term ‘‘sector-specific agency’’ has the meaning given that term in Presidential Policy Direc-tive-21, issued February 12, 2013 (related to critical infrastructure security and resil-ience), or any successor. (5) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘‘voluntary participant’’ means an entity eli-gible to participate in the program under subsection (b) that has voluntarily elected to participate in the program. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary appointed pursuant to section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)), in consultation with appro-priate covered critical infrastructure and sector-specific agencies, shall carry out a program to provide assistance to covered critical infrastructure consistent with sub-section (f). (c) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the pro-gram shall be to reduce the risk of regional or national catastrophic harm caused by a cyber attack against covered critical infra-structure. (d) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participa-tion in the program by covered critical infra-structure shall be on a voluntary basis. (e) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY PARTICIPA -
TION.— (1) C
OORDINATION AND MANAGEMENT .—The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall coordinate and lead the provision of assistance from appropriate elements of the intelligence community to the Under Secretary appointed pursuant to section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) to assist the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center established under section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148) to fulfill the requirements of this section. (2) A
CTIVITIES .—In the manner required by paragraph (1) and subject to the approval of the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, such assistance may include: (A) Activities to develop a national strat-egy to effectively leverage intelligence com-munity resources made available to support the program. (B) Activities to consult with the Director of National Intelligence and other appro-priate intelligence and law enforcement agencies to identify within the existing framework governing intelligence prioritization, intelligence gaps and foreign intelligence collection requirements relevant to the security of covered cyber assets and covered critical infrastructure. (C) Activities to improve the detection, prevention, and mitigation of espionage con-ducted by foreign actors against or con-cerning covered critical infrastructure. (D) Activities to identify or provide assist-ance related to the research, design, and de-velopment of protective and mitigation measures for covered cyber assets and the components of covered cyber assets. (E) Activities to provide technical assist-ance and input for testing and exercises re-lated to covered cyber assets. (f) RELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING PROGRAMS .— This section shall be carried out in a manner consistent with the existing roles, respon-sibilities, authorities, and activities of the United States Government. (g) N
OCOST TO COVERED CRITICAL INFRA -
STRUCTURE PARTICIPANTS .—A voluntary par-ticipant in the program that is covered crit-ical infrastructure shall not be required to reimburse the United States Government for the use of any facility, personnel, con-tractor, equipment, service, or information of the United States Government utilized in an activity carried out pursuant to the pro-gram. (h) P
RIORITIZATION OF ASSISTANCE .—The Director of National Intelligence shall con-sider the national significance of covered critical infrastructure identified by the Under Secretary appointed pursuant to sec-tion 103(a)(1)(H) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) in the Direc-tor’s process for prioritizing requirements and effectively allocating the resources of the intelligence community for assisting government efforts to help protect critical infrastructure owned or operated in the pri-vate sector. (i) P
ARTICIPATION APPROVAL .—Participa-tion in the program by any private entity shall be subject to the approval of the Under Secretary appointed pursuant to section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)), and in the case of any support assistance provided by the intel-ligence community, the approval of the Di-rector of National Intelligence. (j) N
ONEWREGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed to au-thorize the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or any other Federal regulator to promulgate new regulations. (k) B
RIEFING .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Under Secretary for In-telligence and Analysis shall brief the con-gressional intelligence committees, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives on progress and challenges of the program. (k) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit any authority or responsibility of an agency or department of the United States under any law in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 313. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO EXECU-TIVE SCHEDULE. 
Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to ‘‘Director of the National Counter Prolifera-tion Center.’’. 
SEC. 314. MAXIMUM AMOUNT CHARGED FOR DE-CLASSIFICATION REVIEWS. 
In reviewing and processing a request by a person for the mandatory declassification of information pursuant to Executive Order No. 13526, a successor executive order, or any provision of law, the head of an element of the intelligence community— (1) may not charge the person reproduction fees in excess of the amount of fees that the head would charge the person for reproduc-tion required in the course of processing a request for information under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’); and (2) may waive or reduce any processing fees in the same manner as the head waives or re-duces fees under such section 552. TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELE-MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY Subtitle A—Office of the Director of National Intelligence SEC. 401. DESIGNATION OF THE DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL COUNTERINTEL-LIGENCE AND SECURITY CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 902 of the Coun-terintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3382) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 902. DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL COUN-TERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY CENTER. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There shall be a Di-rector of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘Director’), who shall be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Director shall be to serve as the head of national counterintelligence for the United States Government. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—Subject to the direction and control of the Director of National Intel-ligence, the duties of the Director are as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) To carry out the mission referred to in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) To act as chairperson of the National Counterintelligence Policy Board established under section 811 of the Counterintelligence and Security Enhancements Act of 1994 (50 U.S.C. 3381). ‘‘(3) To act as head of the National Coun-terintelligence and Security Center estab-lished under section 904. ‘‘(4) To participate as an observer on such boards, committees, and entities of the exec-utive branch as the Director of National In-telligence considers appropriate for the dis-charge of the mission and functions of the Director and the National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center under section 904.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–306; 116 Stat. 2383) is amended by striking the item relating to section 902 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 902. Director of the National Counter-intelligence and Security Cen-ter.’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subsection (a) of sec-tion 401 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division M of Public Law 114–113) shall not take effect, or, if the date of the enactment of this Act is on or after the effective date specified in sub-section (b) of such section, such amendment shall be deemed to not have taken effect. (b) N
ATIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND  S
ECURITY CENTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 904 of the Coun-terintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3383) is amended— (A) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘
NATIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND  
SECURITY CENTER .’’; and (B) by striking subsections (a), (b), and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There shall be a Na-tional Counterintelligence and Security Cen-ter. ‘‘(b) H
EAD OF CENTER .—The Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center shall be the head of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center. ‘‘(c) L
OCATION OF CENTER .—The National Counterintelligence and Security Center shall be located in the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7545 December 8, 2016 
(2) F UNCTIONS .—Section 904(d) of the Coun-terintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3383(d)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘National Counterintelligence Executive, the functions of the Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the National Counter-intelligence and Security Center, the func-tions of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center’’; (B) in paragraph (5), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘In consultation with’’ and inserting ‘‘At the di-rection of’’; and (C) in paragraph (6), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Of-fice’’ and inserting ‘‘National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center’’. (3) P
ERSONNEL .—Section 904(f) of the Coun-terintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3383(f)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive may consist of personnel employed by the Office’’ and inserting ‘‘National Counter-intelligence and Security Center may consist of personnel employed by the Center’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘National Counterintelligence Executive’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Director of the National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center’’. (4) T
REATMENT OF ACTIVITIES UNDER CER -
TAIN ADMINISTRATIVE LAWS .—Section 904(g) of the Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3383(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘Office shall be treated as operational files of the Central Intelligence Agency for pur-poses of section 701 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 431)’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Counterintelligence and Security Cen-ter shall be treated as operational files of the Central Intelligence Agency for purposes of section 701 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3141)’’. (5) O
VERSIGHT BY CONGRESS .—Section 904(h) of the Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3383(h)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Office of the National Counter-intelligence Executive’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Counterintelligence and Security Cen-ter’’; and (B) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Center’’ both places that term appears. (6) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–306; 116 Stat. 2383), as amended by subsection (a)(2), is further amended by striking the item relating to section 904 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 904. National Counterintelligence and Security Center.’’. (c) O
VERSIGHT OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE  C
ENTERS .—Section 102A(f)(2) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(f)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, the National Counterproliferation Center, and the Na-tional Counterintelligence and Security Cen-ter’’ after ‘‘National Counterterrorism Cen-ter’’. (d) D
IRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL COUNTER -
INTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY CENTER WITHIN  
THEOFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL IN-
TELLIGENCE .—Paragraph (8) of section 103(c) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3025(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8) The Director of the National Counter-intelligence and Security Center.’’. (e) D
UTIES OF THE DIRECTOR OF THE NA-
TIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY  C
ENTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103F of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3031) is amended— (A) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL COUNTER -
INTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY CENTER ’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘D
IRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL COUN-
TERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY CENTER .—’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘National Counterintel-ligence Executive under section 902 of the Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (title IX of Public Law 107–306; 50 U.S.C. 402b et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center appointed under section 902 of the Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3382)’’; and (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘National Counterintelligence Executive’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Director of the National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947 is amended by striking the item relating to section 103F and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 103F. Director of the National Coun-terintelligence and Security Center.’’. (f) C
OORDINATION OF COUNTERINTELLIGENCE  A
CTIVITIES .—Section 811 of the Counterintel-ligence and Security Enhancements Act of 1994 (50 U.S.C. 3381) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘National Counterintelligence Executive under section 902 of the Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center appointed under section 902 of the Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3382)’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Counterintelligence Executive.’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the National Counter-intelligence and Security Center.’’; and (3) in subsection (d)(1)(B)(ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘National Counterintel-ligence Executive’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the National Counterintelligence and Se-curity Center’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘by the Office of the Na-tional Counterintelligence Executive under section 904(e)(2) of that Act’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to section 904(d)(2) of that Act (50 U.S.C. 3383(d)(2))’’. (g) I
NTELLIGENCE AND NATIONAL SECURITY  A
SPECTS OF ESPIONAGE PROSECUTIONS .—Sec- tion 341(b) of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–177, 28 U.S.C. 519 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive,’’ and inserting ‘‘National Coun-terintelligence and Security Center,’’. 
SEC. 402. ANALYSES AND IMPACT STATEMENTS BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTEL-LIGENCE REGARDING INVESTMENT INTO THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 102A of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024), as amended by section 303, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(z) A
NALYSES AND IMPACT STATEMENTS  R
EGARDING PROPOSED INVESTMENT INTO THE  U
NITED STATES .—(1) Not later than 20 days after the completion of a review or an inves-tigation of any proposed investment into the United States for which the Director has pre-pared analytic materials, the Director shall submit to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representative copies of such analytic materials, including any supplements or amendments to such analysis made by the Director. ‘‘(2) Not later than 60 days after the com-pletion of consideration by the United States Government of any investment described in paragraph (1), the Director shall determine whether such investment will have an oper-ational impact on the intelligence commu-nity, and, if so, shall submit a report on such impact to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. Each such report shall— ‘‘(A) describe the operational impact of the investment on the intelligence community; and ‘‘(B) describe any actions that have been or will be taken to mitigate such impact.’’. SEC. 403. ASSISTANCE FOR GOVERNMENTAL EN-TITIES AND PRIVATE ENTITIES IN RECOGNIZING ONLINE VIOLENT EX-TREMIST CONTENT. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TORECOGNIZE ONLINE VIO-
LENT EXTREMIST CONTENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, the Di-rector of National Intelligence shall publish on a publicly available Internet website a list of all logos, symbols, insignia, and other markings commonly associated with, or adopted by, an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (b) U
PDATES .—The Director shall update the list published under subsection (a) every 180 days or more frequently as needed. Subtitle B—Central Intelligence Agency 
SEC. 411. ENHANCED DEATH BENEFITS FOR PER-SONNEL OF THE CENTRAL INTEL-LIGENCE AGENCY. 
Section 11 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3511) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘
BENEFITS AVAILABLE IN EVENT OF THE DEATH  
OF PERSONNEL  ‘‘S
EC. 11. (a) A UTHORITY .—The Director may pay death benefits substantially similar to those authorized for members of the For-eign Service pursuant to the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) or any other provision of law. The Director may ad-just the eligibility for death benefits as nec-essary to meet the unique requirements of the mission of the Agency. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Regulations issued pursuant to this section shall be submitted to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives before such regulations take ef-fect.’’. 
SEC. 412. PAY AND RETIREMENT AUTHORITIES OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-CY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 17(e)(7) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(e)(7)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C)(i) The Inspector General may des-ignate an officer or employee appointed in accordance with subparagraph (A) as a law enforcement officer solely for purposes of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, if such officer or employee is appointed to a position with re-sponsibility for investigating suspected of-fenses against the criminal laws of the United States. ‘‘(ii) In carrying out clause (i), the Inspec-tor General shall ensure that any authority under such clause is exercised in a manner consistent with section 3307 of title 5, United States Code, as it relates to law enforcement officers. ‘‘(iii) For purposes of applying sections 3307(d), 8335(b), and 8425(b) of title 5, United States Code, the Inspector General may exer-cise the functions, powers, and duties of an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7546 December 8, 2016 
agency head or appointing authority with re-spect to the Office.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subparagraph (C) of section 17(e)(7) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(e)(7)), as added by subsection (a), may not be construed to confer on the Inspector General of the Central Intelligence Agency, or any other officer or employee of the Agen-cy, any police or law enforcement or internal security functions or authorities. Subtitle C—Other Elements 
SEC. 421. ENHANCING THE TECHNICAL WORK-FORCE FOR THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Building on the basic cyber human capital strategic plan provided to the congressional intelligence committees in 2015, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and updated two years thereafter, the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a comprehensive strategic workforce report regarding initiatives to effectively in-tegrate information technology expertise in the investigative process. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment, including measurable benchmarks, of progress on initiatives to re-cruit, train, and retain personnel with the necessary skills and experiences in vital areas, including encryption, cryptography, and big data analytics. (2) An assessment of whether officers of the Federal Bureau of Investigation who possess such skills are fully integrated into the Bu-reau’s work, including Agent-led investiga-tions. (3) A description of the quality and quan-tity of the collaborations between the Bu-reau and private sector entities on cyber issues, including the status of efforts to ben-efit from employees with experience transitioning between the public and private sectors. (4) An assessment of the utility of reinsti-tuting, if applicable, and leveraging the Di-rector’s Advisory Board, which was origi-nally constituted in 2005, to provide outside advice on how to better integrate technical expertise with the investigative process and on emerging concerns in cyber-related issues. 
SEC. 422. PLAN ON ASSUMPTION OF CERTAIN WEATHER MISSIONS BY THE NA-TIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE. 
(a) P LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (c), the Director of the National Re-connaissance Office shall develop a plan for the National Reconnaissance Office to ad-dress how to carry out covered space-based environmental monitoring missions. Such plan shall include— (A) a description of the related national se-curity requirements for such missions; (B) a description of the appropriate manner to meet such requirements; and (C) the amount of funds that would be nec-essary to be transferred from the Air Force to the National Reconnaissance Office during fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out such plan. (2) A
CTIVITIES .—In developing the plan under paragraph (1), the Director may con-duct pre-acquisition activities, including with respect to requests for information, analyses of alternatives, study contracts, modeling and simulation, and other activi-ties the Director determines necessary to de-velop such plan. (3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than July 1, 2017, and except as provided in subsection (c), the Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the plan under paragraph (1). (b) INDEPENDENT COSTESTIMATE .—The Di- rector of the Cost Assessment Improvement Group of the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, in coordination with the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, shall certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the amounts of funds identified under subsection (a)(1)(C) as being necessary to transfer are appro-priate and include funding for positions and personnel to support program office costs. (c) W
AIVER BASED ON REPORT AND CERTIFI -
CATION OF AIRFORCE ACQUISITION PRO-
GRAM .—The Director of the National Recon-naissance Office may waive the requirement to develop a plan under subsection (a), if the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition Technology, and Logistics and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report by not later than July 1, 2017) that contains— (1) a certification that the Secretary of the Air Force is carrying out a formal acquisi-tion program that has received Milestone A approval to address the cloud characteriza-tion and theater weather imagery require-ments of the Department of Defense; and (2) an identification of the cost, schedule, requirements, and acquisition strategy of such acquisition program. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; and (B) the congressional defense committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code). (2) C
OVERED SPACE -BASED ENVIRONMENTAL  
MONITORING MISSIONS .—The term ‘‘covered space-based environmental monitoring mis-sions’’ means the acquisition programs nec-essary to meet the national security require-ments for cloud characterization and theater weather imagery. (3) M
ILESTONE A APPROVAL .—The term ‘‘Milestone A approval’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2366a(d) of title 10, United States Code. TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES 
SEC. 501. COMMITTEE TO COUNTER ACTIVE MEASURES BY THE RUSSIAN FED-ERATION TO EXERT COVERT INFLU-ENCE OVER PEOPLES AND GOVERN-MENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
CTIVE MEASURES BY RUSSIA TO EXERT  
COVERT INFLUENCE .—The term ‘‘active meas-ures by Russia to exert covert influence’’ means activities intended to influence a per-son or government that are carried out in co-ordination with, or at the behest of, political leaders or the security services of the Rus-sian Federation and the role of the Russian Federation has been hidden or not acknowl-edged publicly, including the following: (A) Establishment or funding of a front group. (B) Covert broadcasting. (C) Media manipulation. (D) Disinformation and forgeries. (E) Funding agents of influence. (F) Incitement and offensive counterintel-ligence. (G) Assassinations. (H) Terrorist acts. (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (b) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established within the executive branch an interagency committee to counter active measures by the Russian Federation to exert covert influ-ence. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Each head of an agency or department of the Government set out under paragraph (2) shall appoint one mem-ber of the committee established by sub-section (b) from among officials of such agency or department who occupy a position that is required to be appointed by the Presi-dent, with the advice and consent of the Sen-ate. (2) H
EAD OF AN AGENCY OR DEPARTMENT .— The head of an agency or department of the Government set out under this paragraph are the following: (A) The Director of National Intelligence. (B) The Secretary of State. (C) The Secretary of Defense. (D) The Secretary of the Treasury. (E) The Attorney General. (F) The Secretary of Energy. (G) The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (H) The head of any other agency or de-partment of the United States Government designated by the President for purposes of this section. (d) M
EETINGS .—The committee shall meet on a regular basis. (e) D
UTIES .—The duties of the committee established by subsection (b) shall be as fol-lows: (1) To counter active measures by Russia to exert covert influence, including by expos-ing falsehoods, agents of influence, corrup-tion, human rights abuses, terrorism, and as-sassinations carried out by the security serv-ices or political elites of the Russian Federa-tion or their proxies. (2) Such other duties as the President may designate for purposes of this section. (f) S
TAFF .—The committee established by subsection (b) may employ such staff as the members of such committee consider appro-priate. (g) B
UDGET REQUEST .—A request for funds required for the functioning of the com-mittee established by subsection (b) may be included in each budget for a fiscal year sub-mitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. (h) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, and consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, the committee established by sub-section (b) shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing steps being taken by the committee to counter active measures by Russia to exert covert influence. (2) C
ONTENT .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A summary of the active measures by the Russian Federation to exert covert influ-ence during the previous year, including sig-nificant incidents and notable trends. (B) A description of the key initiatives of the committee. (C) A description of the implementation of the committee’s initiatives by the head of an agency or department of the Government set out under subsection (c)(2). (D) An analysis of the impact of the com-mittee’s initiatives. (E) Recommendations for changes to the committee’s initiatives from the previous year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7547 December 8, 2016 
(3) S EPARATE REPORTING REQUIREMENT .— The requirement to submit an annual report under paragraph (1) is in addition to any other reporting requirements with respect to Russia. 
SEC. 502. TRAVEL OF ACCREDITED DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PERSONNEL OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (b) A
DVANCE NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— The Secretary of State shall, in coordination with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Director of National Intelligence, establish a mandatory advance notification regime governing all travel by accredited diplomatic and consular per-sonnel of the Russian Federation in the United States and take necessary action to secure full compliance by Russian personnel and address any noncompliance. (c) I
NTERAGENCY COOPERATION .—The Sec- retary of State, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Director of National Intelligence shall develop written mechanisms to share information— (1) on travel by accredited diplomatic and consular personnel of the Russian Federation who are in the United States; and (2) on any known or suspected noncompli-ance by such personnel with the regime re-quired by subsection (b). (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, and consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods— (1) the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a written report detailing the number of noti-fications submitted under the regime re-quired by subsection (b); and (2) the Secretary of State and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall jointly submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a written report detailing the number of known or suspected violations of such requirements by any accredited dip-lomatic and consular personnel of the Rus-sian Federation. 
SEC. 503. STUDY AND REPORT ON ENHANCED IN-TELLIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHARING WITH OPEN SKIES TREATY MEMBER STATES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) congressional intelligence committees; (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED STATE PARTY .—The term ‘‘cov-ered state party’’ means a foreign country, that— (A) was a state party to the Open Skies Treaty on February 22, 2016; and (B) is not the Russian Federation or the Republic of Belarus. (3) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. (b) F
EASIBILITY STUDY .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall conduct and submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a study to determine the feasibility of creating an in-telligence sharing arrangement and database to provide covered state parties with im-agery that is comparable, delivered more fre-quently, and in equal or higher resolution than imagery available through the database established under the Open Skies Treaty. (2) ELEMENTS .—The study required by para-graph (1) shall include an evaluation of the following: (A) The methods by which the United States could collect and provide imagery, in-cluding commercial satellite imagery, na-tional technical means, and through other intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance platforms, under an information shar-ing arrangement and database referred to in paragraph (1). (B) The ability of other covered state par-ties to contribute imagery to the arrange-ment and database. (C) Any impediments to the United States and other covered states parties providing such imagery, including any statutory bar-riers, insufficiencies in the ability to collect the imagery or funding, under such an ar-rangement. (D) Whether imagery of Moscow, Chechnya, the international border between Russia and Georgia, Kaliningrad, or the Re-public of Belarus could be provided under such an arrangement. (E) The annual and projected costs associ-ated with the establishment of such an ar-rangement and database, as compared with costs to the United States and other covered state parties of being parties to the Open Skies Treaty, including Open Skies Treaty plane maintenance, aircraft fuel, crew ex-penses, mitigation measures necessary asso-ciated with Russian Federation overflights over the United States or covered state par-ties, and new sensor development and acqui-sition. (3) S
UPPORT FROM OTHER FEDERAL AGEN -
CIES.—Each head of a Federal agency shall provide such support to the Director as may be necessary for the Director to conduct the study required by paragraph (1). (c) R
EPORT .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress the report described in this subsection. (2) C
ONTENT OF REPORT .—The report re-quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) An intelligence assessment on Russian Federation warfighting doctrine and the ex-tent to which Russian Federation flights under the Open Skies Treaty contribute to such doctrine. (B) A counterintelligence analysis as to whether the Russian Federation has, could have, or intends to have the capability to ex-ceed the imagery limits set forth in the Open Skies Treaty. (C) A list of intelligence exchanges with covered state parties that have been updated on the information described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) and the date and form such information was provided. (d) F
ORM OF SUBMISSION .—The study re-quired by subsection (b) and the report re-quired by subsection (c) shall be submitted in an unclassified form but may include a classified annex. TITLE VI—REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS SEC. 601. DECLASSIFICATION REVIEW WITH RE-SPECT TO DETAINEES TRANS-FERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each individual de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who was transferred or released from United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, the Director of National Intelligence shall— (1)(A) complete a declassification review of intelligence reports regarding past terrorist activities of that individual prepared by the National Counterterrorism Center for the in-dividual’s Periodic Review Board sessions, transfer, or release; or (B) if the individual’s transfer or release occurred prior to the date on which the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center first began to prepare such reports regarding detainees, such other intelligence report or reports that contain the same or similar information re-garding the individual’s past terrorist activi-ties; (2) make available to the public— (A) any intelligence reports declassified as a result of the declassification review; and (B) with respect to each individual trans-ferred or released, for whom intelligence re-ports are declassified as a result of the de-classification review, an unclassified sum-mary which shall be prepared by the Presi-dent of measures being taken by the country to which the individual was transferred or released to monitor the individual and to prevent the individual from carrying out fu-ture terrorist activities; and (3) submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report setting out the results of the declassification review, including a de-scription of intelligence reports covered by the review that were not declassified. (b) S
CHEDULE .— (1) T
RANSFER OR RELEASE PRIOR TO ENACT -
MENT .—Not later than 210 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit the report required by subsection (a)(3), which shall in-clude the results of the declassification re-view completed for each individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who was transferred or released from United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (2) T
RANSFER OR RELEASE AFTER ENACT -
MENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date an individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act is transferred or released from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, the Direc-tor shall submit the report required by sub-section (a)(3) for such individual. (c) P
ASTTERRORIST ACTIVITIES .—For pur- poses of this section, the past terrorist ac-tivities of an individual shall include all ter-rorist activities conducted by the individual before the individual’s transfer to the deten-tion facility at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, including, at a minimum, the following: (1) The terrorist organization, if any, with which affiliated. (2) The terrorist training, if any, received. (3) The role in past terrorist attacks against United States interests or allies. (4) The direct responsibility, if any, for the death of United States citizens or members of the Armed Forces. (5) Any admission of any matter specified in paragraphs (1) through (4). (6) A description of the intelligence sup-porting any matter specified in paragraphs (1) through (5), including the extent to which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7548 December 8, 2016 
such intelligence was corroborated, the level of confidence held by the intelligence com-munity, and any dissent or reassessment by an element of the intelligence community. 
SEC. 602. CYBER CENTER FOR EDUCATION AND INNOVATION-HOME OF THE NA-TIONAL CRYPTOLOGIC MUSEUM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO ESTABLISH AND OPERATE  C
ENTER .—Chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4781. Cyber Center for Education and Inno-vation-Home of the National Cryptologic Museum ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary of Defense may establish at a publicly acces-sible location at Fort George G. Meade the ‘Cyber Center for Education and Innovation- Home of the National Cryptologic Museum’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Center’). ‘‘(2) The Center may be used for the identi-fication, curation, storage, and public view-ing of materials relating to the activities of the National Security Agency, its prede-cessor or successor organizations, and the history of cryptology. ‘‘(3) The Center may contain meeting, con-ference, and classroom facilities that will be used to support such education, training, public outreach, and other purposes as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGN , C ONSTRUCTION , AND OPER-
ATION .—The Secretary may enter into an agreement with the National Cryptologic Museum Foundation (in this section referred to as the ‘Foundation’), a nonprofit organiza-tion, for the design, construction, and oper-ation of the Center. ‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE AUTHORITY .—(1) If the Foundation constructs the Center pursuant to an agreement with the Foundation under subsection (b), upon satisfactory completion of the Center’s construction or any phase thereof, as determined by the Secretary, and upon full satisfaction by the Foundation of any other obligations pursuant to such agreement, the Secretary may accept the Center (or any phase thereof) from the Foun-dation, and all right, title, and interest in the Center or such phase shall vest in the United States. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, the Secretary may accept services from the Foundation in connection with the de-sign construction, and operation of the Cen-ter. For purposes of this section and any other provision of law, employees or per-sonnel of the Foundation shall not be consid-ered to be employees of the United States. ‘‘(d) F
EES AND USERCHARGES .—(1) The Sec-retary may assess fees and user charges to cover the cost of the use of Center facilities and property, including rental, user, con-ference, and concession fees. ‘‘(2) Amounts received under paragraph (1) shall be deposited into the fund established under subsection (e). ‘‘(e) F
UND.—(1) Upon the Secretary’s ac-ceptance of the Center under subsection (c)(1)) there is established in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘Cyber Center for Education and Innovation-Home of the Na-tional Cryptologic Museum Fund’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Fund’). ‘‘(2) The Fund shall consist of the following amounts: ‘‘(A) Fees and user charges deposited by the Secretary under subsection (d). ‘‘(B) Any other amounts received by the Secretary which are attributable to the oper-ation of the Center. ‘‘(3) Amounts in the Fund shall be avail-able to the Secretary for the benefit and op-eration of the Center, including the costs of operation and the acquisition of books, manuscripts, works of art, historical arti-facts, drawings, plans, models, and con-demned or obsolete combat materiel. ‘‘(4) Amounts in the Fund shall be avail-able without fiscal year limitation.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘4781. Cyber Center for Education and Inno-vation-Home of the National Cryptologic Museum.’’. 
SEC. 603. REPORT ON NATIONAL SECURITY SYS-TEMS. 
(a) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; (2) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on national security systems. (c) C
ONTENT .—Each report submitted under subsection (b) shall include information re-lated to— (1) national security systems or compo-nents thereof that have been decertified and are still in operational use; (2) extension requests and the current sta-tus of any national security systems still in use or components thereof that have been de-certified and are still in use; (3) national security systems known to not be in compliance with the policies, prin-ciples, standards, and guidelines issued by the Committee on National Security Sys-tems established pursuant to National Secu-rity Directive 42, signed by the President on July 5, 1990; and (4) organizations which have not provided access or information to the Director of the National Security Agency that is adequate to enable the Director to make a determina-tion as to whether such organizations are in compliance with the policies, principles, standards, and guidelines issued by such Committee on National Security Systems. 
SEC. 604. JOINT FACILITIES CERTIFICATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Director of National Intelligence set a strategic goal to use joint facilities as a means to save costs by consolidating ad-ministrative and support functions across multiple elements of the intelligence com-munity. (2) The use of joint facilities provides more opportunities for operational collaboration and information sharing among elements of the intelligence community. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Before an element of the intelligence community purchases, leases, or constructs a new facility that is 20,000 square feet or larger, the head of that element of the intelligence community shall submit to the Director of National Intel-ligence— (1) a written certification that, to the best of the knowledge of the head of such ele-ment, all prospective joint facilities in the vicinity have been considered and the ele-ment is unable to identify a joint facility that meets the operational requirements of such element; and (2) a written statement listing the reasons for not participating in the prospective joint facilities considered by the element. SEC. 605. LEADERSHIP AND MANAGEMENT OF SPACE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (b) U
PDATE TO STRATEGY FOR COMPREHEN -
SIVE INTERAGENCY REVIEW OF THE UNITED  S
TATES NATIONAL SECURITY OVERHEAD SAT-
ELLITE ARCHITECTURE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall issue a written update to the strategy required by section 312 of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division M of Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2919). (c) U
NITY OF EFFORT IN SPACE OPERATIONS  B
ETWEEN THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY AND  D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a plan to function-ally integrate the governance, operations, analysis, collection, policy, and acquisition activities related to space and counterspace carried out by the intelligence community. The plan shall include analysis of no fewer than 2 alternative constructs to implement this plan, and an assessment of statutory, policy, organizational, programmatic, and resources changes that may be required to implement each alternative construct. (2) A
PPOINTMENT BY THE DIRECTOR OF NA -
TIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall appoint a single official to oversee de-velopment of the plan required by paragraph (1). (3) S
COPE OF PLAN .—The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include methods to func-tionally integrate activities carried out by— (A) the National Reconnaissance Office; (B) the functional managers for signals in-telligence and geospatial intelligence; (C) the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; (D) other Intelligence Community ele-ments with space-related programs; (E) joint interagency efforts; and (F) other entities as identified by the Di-rector of National Intelligence in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Defense. (d) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY SPACE WORK-
FORCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a workforce plan to recruit, develop, and re-tain personnel in the intelligence commu-nity with skills and experience in space and counterspace operations, analysis, collec-tion, policy, and acquisition. (e) J
OINT INTERAGENCY COMBINED SPACE OP-
ERATIONS CENTER .— (1) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the National Reconnaissance Office and the Commander of the United States Stra-tegic Command, in consultation with the Di-rector of National Intelligence, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress concept of operations and re-quirements documents for the Joint Inter-agency Combined Space Operations Center by the date that is the earlier of— (A) the completion of the experimental phase of such Center; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7549 December 8, 2016 
(B) 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) Q
UARTERLY BRIEFINGS .—The Director of the National Reconnaissance Office and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence and Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress briefings providing updates on activities and progress of the Joint Interagency Combined Space Operations Center to begin 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Such briefings shall be quarterly for the first year following enactment, and annually thereafter. 
SEC. 606. ADVANCES IN LIFE SCIENCES AND BIO-TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall brief the congressional intel-ligence committees on a proposed plan to monitor advances in life sciences and bio-technology to be carried out by the Director. (b) C
ONTENTS OF PLAN.—The plan required by subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the approach the ele-ments of the intelligence community will take to make use of organic life science and biotechnology expertise within and outside the intelligence community on a routine and contingency basis; (2) an assessment of the current collection and analytical posture of the life sciences and biotechnology portfolio as it relates to United States competitiveness and the glob-al bio-economy, the risks and threats evolv-ing with advances in genetic editing tech-nologies, and the implications of such ad-vances on future biodefense requirements; and (3) an analysis of organizational require-ments and responsibilities, including poten-tially creating new positions. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to the congressional in-telligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report and provide a brief-ing on the role of the intelligence commu-nity in the event of a biological attack on the United States, including an assessment of the capabilities and gaps in technical ca-pabilities that exist to address the potential circumstance of a novel unknown pathogen. 
SEC. 607. REPORTS ON DECLASSIFICATION PRO-POSALS. 
(a) C OVERED STUDIES DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered studies’’ means the studies that the Director of National Intel-ligence requested that the elements of the intelligence community produce in the course of producing the fundamental classi-fication guidance review for fiscal year 2017 required by Executive Order No. 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note), as follows: (1) A study of the feasibility of reducing the number of original classification au-thorities in each element of the intelligence community to the minimum number re-quired and any negative impacts that reduc-tion could have on mission capabilities. (2) A study of the actions required to im-plement a proactive discretionary declas-sification program distinct from the system-atic, automatic, and mandatory declassifica-tion review programs outlined in part 2001 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, includ-ing section 2001.35 of such part. (3) A study of the benefits and drawbacks of implementing a single classification guide that could be used by all elements of the in-telligence community in the nonoperational and more common areas of such elements. (4) A study of whether the classification level of ‘‘confidential’’ could be eliminated within agency-generated classification guides from use by elements of the intel-ligence community and any negative im-pacts that elimination could have on mission success. (b) REPORTS AND BRIEFINGS TO CONGRESS .— (1) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional in-telligence committees and provide the con-gressional intelligence committees a briefing on the progress of the elements of the intel-ligence community in producing the covered studies. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than the ear-lier of 120 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act or June 30, 2017, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit a report and provide a briefing to the congres-sional intelligence committees on— (A) the final versions of the covered studies that have been provided to the Director by the elements of the intelligence community; and (B) a plan for implementation of each ini-tiative included in each such covered study. 
SEC. 608. IMPROVEMENT IN GOVERNMENT CLAS-SIFICATION AND DECLASSIFICA-TION. 
(a) R EVIEW OF GOVERNMENT CLASSIFICATION  
AND DECLASSIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall— (1) review the system by which the Govern-ment classifies and declassifies information; (2) develop recommendations— (A) to make such system a more effective tool for the protection of information relat-ing to national security; (B) to improve the sharing of information with partners and allies of the Government; and (C) to support the appropriate declassifica-tion of information; and (3) submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report with— (A) the findings of the Director with re-spect to the review conducted under para-graph (1); and (B) the recommendations developed under paragraph (2). (b) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION OF CONTROLLED  A
CCESS PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Director of National In-telligence shall certify in writing to the con-gressional intelligence committees whether the creation, validation, or substantial modi-fication, including termination, for all exist-ing and proposed controlled access programs, and the compartments and subcompartments within each, are substantiated and justified based on the information required by para-graph (2). (2) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—Each certifi-cation pursuant to paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) the rationale for the revalidation, vali-dation, or substantial modification, includ-ing termination, of each controlled access program, compartment and subcompart-ment; (B) the identification of a control officer for each controlled access program; and (C) a statement of protection requirements for each controlled access program. 
SEC. 609. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a re-port that includes the following: (1) An assessment of the actions each ele-ment of the intelligence community has completed to implement the recommenda-tions made by the National Commission for the Review of the Research and Development Programs of the United States Intelligence Community established under section 1002 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–306; 50 U.S.C. 3001 note). (2) An analysis of the balance between short-, medium-, and long-term research ef-forts carried out by each element of the in-telligence community. SEC. 610. REPORT ON INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT CORPS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a re-port and provide a briefing on a plan, with milestones and benchmarks, to implement an Intelligence Community Research and Development Corps, as recommended in the Report of the National Commission for the Review of the Research and Development Programs of the United States Intelligence Community, including an assessment— (1) of the funding and modification to ex-isting authorities needed to allow for the im-plementation of such Corps; and (2) of additional legislative authorities, if any, necessary to undertake such implemen-tation. 
SEC. 611. REPORT ON INFORMATION RELATING TO ACADEMIC PROGRAMS, SCHOL-ARSHIPS, FELLOWSHIPS, AND IN-TERNSHIPS SPONSORED, ADMINIS-TERED, OR USED BY THE INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the congressional intelligence com-mittees a report by the intelligence commu-nity regarding covered academic programs. Such report shall include— (1) a description of the extent to which the Director and the heads of the elements of the intelligence community independently col-lect information on covered academic pro-grams, including with respect to— (A) the number of applicants for such pro-grams; (B) the number of individuals who have participated in such programs; and (C) the number of individuals who have participated in such programs and were hired by an element of the intelligence community after completing such program; (2) to the extent that the Director and the heads independently collect the information described in paragraph (1), a chart, table, or other compilation illustrating such informa-tion for each covered academic program and element of the intelligence community, as appropriate, during the three-year period preceding the date of the report; and (3) to the extent that the Director and the heads do not independently collect the infor-mation described in paragraph (1) as of the date of the report— (A) whether the Director and the heads can begin collecting such information during fis-cal year 2017; and (B) the personnel, tools, and other re-sources required by the Director and the heads to independently collect such informa-tion. (b) C
OVERED ACADEMIC PROGRAMS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered academic programs’’ means— (1) the Federal Cyber Scholarship-for-Serv-ice Program under section 302 of the Cyber-security Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7550 December 8, 2016 
(2) the National Security Education Pro-gram under the David L. Boren National Se-curity Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); (3) the Science, Mathematics, and Re-search for Transformation Defense Edu-cation Program under section 2192a of title 10, United States Code; (4) the National Centers of Academic Ex-cellence in Information Assurance and Cyber Defense of the National Security Agency and the Department of Homeland Security; and (5) any other academic program, scholar-ship program, fellowship program, or intern-ship program sponsored, administered, or used by an element of the intelligence com-munity. 
SEC. 612. REPORT ON INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY EMPLOYEES DETAILED TO NA-TIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall submit to the con-gressional intelligence committees a report, in writing, listing, by year, the number of employees of an element of the intelligence community who have been detailed to the National Security Council during the 10-year period preceding the date of the report. Such report may be submitted in classified form. 
SEC. 613. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY REPORT-ING TO CONGRESS ON FOREIGN FIGHTER FLOWS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on for-eign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include, with re-spect to each terrorist safe haven, the fol-lowing: (1) The total number of foreign fighters who have traveled or are suspected of having traveled to the terrorist safe haven since 2011, including the countries of origin of such foreign fighters. (2) The total number of United States citi-zens present in the terrorist safe haven. (3) The total number of foreign fighters who have left the terrorist safe haven or whose whereabouts are unknown. (c) F
ORM.—The reports submitted under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. If such a report is submitted in classi-fied form, such report shall also include an unclassified summary. (d) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit reports under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) in the Senate— (A) the Committee on Armed Services; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; (E) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; (F) the Committee on Foreign Relations; and (G) the Committee on Appropriations; and (2) in the House of Representatives— (A) the Committee on Armed Services; (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security; (E) the Committee on Financial Services; (F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (G) the Committee on Appropriations. SEC. 614. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY THREATS TO SEAPORTS OF THE UNITED STATES AND MARITIME SHIPPING. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, and consistent with the protection of sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the cy-bersecurity threats to, and the cyber vulnerabilities within, the software, commu-nications networks, computer networks, or other systems employed by— (1) entities conducting significant oper-ations at seaports in the United States; (2) the maritime shipping concerns of the United States; and (3) entities conducting significant oper-ations at transshipment points in the United States. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of any recent and signifi-cant cyberattacks or cybersecurity threats directed against software, communications networks, computer networks, or other sys-tems employed by the entities and concerns described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a). (2) An assessment of— (A) any planned cyberattacks directed against such software, networks, and sys-tems; (B) any significant vulnerabilities to such software, networks, and systems; and (C) how such entities and concerns are mitigating such vulnerabilities. (3) An update on the status of the efforts of the Coast Guard to include cybersecurity concerns in the National Response Frame-work, Emergency Support Functions, or both, relating to the shipping or ports of the United States. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; (2) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 615. REPORT ON PROGRAMS TO COUNTER TERRORIST NARRATIVES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on the programs of the De-partment of Homeland Security to counter the narratives of the Islamic State and other extremist groups. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of whether, and to what extent, the Secretary, in carrying out pro-grams to counter the narratives of the Is-lamic State and other extremist groups, consults or coordinates with the Secretary of State regarding the counter-messaging ac-tivities undertaken by the Department of State with respect to the Islamic State and other extremist groups, including counter- messaging activities conducted by the Glob-al Engagement Center of the Department of State. (2) Any criteria employed by the Secretary of Homeland Security for selecting, devel-oping, promulgating, or changing the pro-grams of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to counter the narratives of the Islamic State and other extremist groups. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; (2) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 616. REPORT ON REPRISALS AGAINST CON-TRACTORS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Intelligence Commu-nity, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a re-port on reprisals made against covered con-tractor employees. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Identification of the number of known or claimed reprisals made against covered contractor employees during the 3-year pe-riod preceding the date of the report and any evaluation of such reprisals. (2) An evaluation of the usefulness of es-tablishing a prohibition on reprisals against covered contractor employees as a means of encouraging such contractors to make pro-tected disclosures. (3) A description of any challenges associ-ated with establishing such a prohibition, in-cluding with respect to the nature of the re-lationship between the Federal Government, the contractor, and the covered contractor employee. (4) A description of any approaches taken by the Federal Government to account for reprisals against non-intelligence commu-nity contractors who make protected disclo-sures, including pursuant to section 2409 of title 10, United States Code, and sections 4705 and 4712 of title 41, United States Code. (5) Any recommendations the Inspector General determines appropriate. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘covered contractor employee’’ means an employee of a contractor of an element of the intelligence community. (2) R
EPRISAL .—The term ‘‘reprisal’’ means the discharge or other adverse personnel ac-tion made against a covered contractor em-ployee for making a disclosure of informa-tion that would be a disclosure protected by law if the contractor were an employee of the Federal Government. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to submit state-ments and extraneous materials for the R
ECORD on H.R. 6480. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.044 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7551 December 8, 2016 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2016, TO MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2016 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Monday, December 12, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE COMMISSION ON INTER-NATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 201(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431) and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom for a term ending May 14, 2018: Dr. Tenzin Dorjee, Fullerton, Cali-fornia, to succeed Ms. Hannah Rosen-thal 
f 
b1430 APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE NATIONAL ADVISORY COM-MITTEE ON INSTITUTIONAL QUALITY AND INTEGRITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 1011c and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following individual on the part of the House to the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity to fill the exist-ing vacancy thereon: Upon the recommendation of the ma-jority leader: Mr. Brian Jones, Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
DECEMBER 7, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 4 of the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act (Pub. L. 114–224), I am pleased to appoint the following indi-vidual to the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission. Ms. Stacey Plaskett of the United States Virgin Islands Thank you for your consideration of this appointment. Best regards, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT JOHN CAIN (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in honor of Lieutenant John Cain of the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department, who passed away on Sunday, December 4, after a hard-fought battle against pan-creatic cancer. Lieutenant Cain dedicated 27 years of his life to Savannah’s police depart-ment, and most recently worked in the Southside Precinct. There, he was hon-ored as the precinct’s Supervisor of the Year for 2015. Because of his dedica-tion, and all of his outstanding accom-plishments for the police department, he was promoted to lieutenant in No-vember before officially retiring. Amongst all of his efforts to help the Savannah community, one clearly stands out in many people’s minds. In 2015, Savannah newspapers published a photo of Lieutenant Cain helping a marathon runner, who had fallen about 200 yards from the finish line at the Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon. Lieutenant Cain rushed to his side and helped him to cross the finish line. The runner was participating in the race in honor of his father, who had recently passed away of cancer, and desperately wanted to finish for him. The runner said: ‘‘Lieutenant Cain meant a lot to me, and not just for helping me then. He was inspiring. He was a hero to me.’’ Lieutenant John Cain was inspiring to us all, and I urge everyone to learn from his great life. f 
FOREIGN CULTURAL EXCHANGE JURISDICTIONAL IMMUNITY CLARIFICATION ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 6477) to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6477 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Cul-tural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF JURISDICTIONAL IM-MUNITY OF FOREIGN STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1605 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) J
URISDICTIONAL IMMUNITY FOR CERTAIN  A
RTEXHIBITION ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(A) a work is imported into the United States from any foreign state pursuant to an agreement that provides for the temporary exhibition or display of such work entered into between a foreign state that is the owner or custodian of such work and the United States or one or more cultural or educational institutions within the United States; ‘‘(B) the President, or the President’s des-ignee, has determined, in accordance with subsection (a) of Public Law 89–259 (22 U.S.C. 2459(a)), that such work is of cultural signifi-cance and the temporary exhibition or dis-play of such work is in the national interest; and ‘‘(C) the notice thereof has been published in accordance with subsection (a) of Public Law 89–259 (22 U.S.C. 2459(a)), any activity in the United States of such for-eign state, or of any carrier, that is associ-ated with the temporary exhibition or dis-play of such work shall not be considered to be commercial activity by such foreign state for purposes of subsection (a)(3). ‘‘(2) EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) N
AZI-ERA CLAIMS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in any case asserting jurisdiction under subsection (a)(3) in which rights in property taken in violation of international law are in issue within the meaning of that subsection and— ‘‘(i) the property at issue is the work de-scribed in paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) the action is based upon a claim that such work was taken in connection with the acts of a covered government during the cov-ered period; ‘‘(iii) the court determines that the activ-ity associated with the exhibition or display is commercial activity, as that term is de-fined in section 1603(d); and ‘‘(iv) a determination under clause (iii) is necessary for the court to exercise jurisdic-tion over the foreign state under subsection (a)(3). ‘‘(B) O
THER CULTURALLY SIGNIFICANT  
WORKS .—In addition to cases exempted under subparagraph (A), paragraph (1) shall not apply in any case asserting jurisdiction under subsection (a)(3) in which rights in property taken in violation of international law are in issue within the meaning of that subsection and— ‘‘(i) the property at issue is the work de-scribed in paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) the action is based upon a claim that such work was taken in connection with the acts of a foreign government as part of a sys-tematic campaign of coercive confiscation or misappropriation of works from members of a targeted and vulnerable group; ‘‘(iii) the taking occurred after 1900; ‘‘(iv) the court determines that the activ-ity associated with the exhibition or display is commercial activity, as that term is de-fined in section 1603(d); and ‘‘(v) a determination under clause (iv) is necessary for the court to exercise jurisdic-tion over the foreign state under subsection (a)(3). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) the term ‘work’ means a work of art or other object of cultural significance; ‘‘(B) the term ‘covered government’ means— ‘‘(i) the Government of Germany during the covered period; ‘‘(ii) any government in any area in Europe that was occupied by the military forces of the Government of Germany during the cov-ered period; ‘‘(iii) any government in Europe that was established with the assistance or coopera-tion of the Government of Germany during the covered period; and ‘‘(iv) any government in Europe that was an ally of the Government of Germany dur-ing the covered period; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.068 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7552 December 8, 2016 
‘‘(C) the term ‘covered period’ means the period beginning on January 30, 1933, and ending on May 8, 1945.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to any civil action commenced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. NOTIFICATION. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure that foreign states that apply for immunity under Public Law 89–259 (22 U.S.C. 2459) are appro-priately notified of the text of this Act. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS COMES TO THE WASHINGTON BELTWAY (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, many peo-ple around the country like to say ‘‘what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas,’’ but I am here to tell you that is not accurate. What happens in Vegas comes to the Washington Beltway. In fact, tonight, MGM Resorts Inter-national, the largest employer in the State of Nevada, will bring a little bit of Las Vegas right here to the banks of the Potomac. The company’s newest property, Na-tional Harbor, will officially open its doors tonight, creating a new standard for hospitality and tourism here on the East Coast. National Harbor is already contributing to the local economy. MGM has received over 40,000 appli-cants for positions at the $1.4 billion, 308-room property, and they have hired over 400,000 people in jobs that cover 100 different categories. So, in the new year, I want to invite Members to come out and enjoy all of the food, the entertainment, and the shopping that MGM has to offer here in the area. Maybe it will inspire Mem-bers to come to see me in District One in Las Vegas. Mr. Speaker, happy holidays. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE ATTACK ON PEARL HARBOR (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, we remem-bered 2,403 Americans who lost their lives in the attack on Pearl Harbor. On the morning of December 7, 1941, Naval Station Pearl Harbor came under attack by the Imperial Japanese Navy. In an effort to destroy the United States Pacific Fleet, Japan sent hundreds of planes and mobile sub-marines to attack Pearl Harbor’s ships, planes, and facilities. Although the attack lasted only 2 hours, the aftermath was devastating. Eight battleships were damaged, five of which were completely sunk, and an-other nine vessels were lost; 188 air-craft and numerous infrastructure as-sets were also destroyed. Thousands of Americans gave their lives on this dreadful day, but they were not lost in vain. Their sacrifice prompted the U.S. involvement in World War II, leading to the defeat of Nazi Germany and the liberation of millions imprisoned in concentration camps. On the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, we remember those who lost their lives on December 7, 1941. Their service and commitment have inspired generations of Americans and will continue to do so for years to come. f 
UNITED STEELWORKERS IN INDIANA (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, we have been hearing a lot in the last few days and weeks about what is hap-pening in Indiana with the Carrier plant. Last night, the President-elect of the United States took a swipe at the local union official of United Steel-workers in Indiana, a man who in the last several months has probably had the worst months of his life to where he has to tell members of his union that they are going to lose their job right before the holidays—families. Many of us in this body have known union leaders who have had to deal with this exact situation. For the President-elect to take his position— the bully pulpit that the people of our country have given him—to try to smack down a steelworker in Indiana who is dealing with such a tough situa-tion is shameful. And on the heels of that, appoint someone to the Secretary of Labor’s position who is antilabor and wants to get rid of food workers, when he makes millions of dollars a year and the food worker makes $18,000 in a good year. This is not what my people signed up for, the people who may have even voted for Donald Trump. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President-elect. 
f 
FOSTERING MEDICAL INNOVATION, SUPPORTING MEDICAL RE-SEARCH, AND DEVELOPING NEW TREATMENTS (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 21st Century Cures Act, a bill aimed at fostering medical innovation, supporting med-ical research, and developing new treatments to provide better individ-ualized care. The 21st Century Cures Act ensures Americans suffering from some of the most common and dev-astating diseases receive quicker ac-cess to the latest cutting-edge medical treatments. I am pleased that key elements of my REGROW Act, a bill aimed at address-ing the lack of FDA standards and oversight approval of regenerative medicine, were incorporated into the final version of the 21st Century Cures Act. Regenerative medical treatments, developed from stem cells, show the po-tential to fully restore or establish normal functions in damaged human cells, tissues, or organs. Thanks to the Gates Center for Re-generative Medicine in Colorado, one of the Nation’s leading regenerative med-icine research centers, I have had the opportunity to see up close the poten-tial of these treatments and have long advocated for their increased use and availability. The 21st Century Cures Act will bring a renewed hope to so many Americans across our country. I urge the Presi-dent to sign this bill into law without delay. f 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and join with my colleagues from Maryland in congratulating and saluting Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI on her amazing and outstanding career. They often say of people that, once they start their career, they never look back. Well, in Senator M
IKULSKI ’s case, she always looked back. She always re-membered where she came from, and she fought for the people of east Balti-more every step of the way. I had the pleasure over the years, as I attended events with Senator M
IKUL-
SKI, of gathering of what I call Mikul-ski-isms, these golden nuggets of wis-dom that you can live by. I wanted to mention a few. She used to talk about the need to cooperate. She used to say: I am not into finger-pointing; I am into pin-pointing. She said, when others are wringing their hands, we need to come with a helping hand. She talked about the fact that, be-hind every me, is a ‘‘we.’’ She talked about how people have three shifts every day: they work at their job, they come home and they work for their family, and they serve in their community. I remember her once referring to a particularly futile effort as ‘‘spitting off the Bay Bridge to raise the tide.’’ We love to remember Senator M
IKUL-
SKI’s voice. We are going to miss her in this place, but we are going to remem-ber that voice that fought for Balti-more, for Maryland, and for America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.045 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7553 December 8, 2016 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF UNITED STATES ARMY CAP-TAIN ANDREW D. BYERS (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of United States Army Captain Andrew D. Byers, who died on November 3, 2016, in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. Captain Byers was assigned to B Company, Second Battalion, Tenth Special Forces Group, based at Fort Carson, Colorado. He was deployed to Afghanistan in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel as part of the mis-sion to train, advise, and assist local forces. Captain Byers was a graduate of the United States Military Academy, with a distinguished career of service to our Nation, including prior deployments to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Italy. I extend my thoughts and prayers to Captain Byers’ family, friends, and teammates. 
f 
HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. RUPPERSBERGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to salute Senator B
ARBARA  M
IKULSKI , the longtime quarterback of Team Maryland, on the occasion of her well-deserved retirement after nearly four decades in Congress. Senator M
IKULSKI has truly made history, both by her extraordinary lon-gevity and her tenacious leadership. She is the longest serving woman in the Senate, and the first Democratic woman elected to the Chamber in her own right. B
ARBARA and I bonded over our shared passion for local government. We both know it is where the rubber meets the road, and we both believe that all politics is local. That is what has made her so popular and so effec-tive. We have both worked hand in hand as appropriators, Senator M
IKULSKI as the ranking member of her respective com-mittee. She has worked tirelessly for critical resources to improve our roads, schools, and police, to create jobs and create opportunities. There are two things about Senator M
IKULSKI that have always impressed me in her public service: First, she always relates to her fa-ther’s corner store on South Eden Street in Baltimore City. When he opened his doors each day, he would say, ‘‘How may I help you?’’ Senator M
IKULSKI often quotes that mantra and, more importantly, lives by it every day of her life for the people of the State of Maryland. The other thing that impresses me is a saying she always says, ‘‘It is not about the building.’’ Senator MIKULSKI  has never cared about the bricks and mortar. She cares about the people who work inside the building, what they can do, how they help the citizens, and how she can help them. B
ARBARA , for all you have done for Baltimore, for Maryland, and for the country, the words ‘‘thank you’’ just don’t seem enough. I am very proud to call you my friend and mentor, and I wish you all the best in the days ahead. 
f 
b1445 HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in tribute to someone whom I have known and called a friend for many, many years—over three decades, perhaps four—B
ARBARA MIKULSKI —the tallest short person I have ever met. She fills a room. Everybody knows when B
AR-
BARA MIKULSKI is in the Chamber or in the room or in the auditorium. B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , as you have heard, will retire at the end of this Congress after having served Maryland in the House and Senate since 1977. I had the opportunity to serve with her in this House for some 6 years. For 40 years, she has been a voice for the people of our State, not just a voice for all people, but, in particular, for those people whose voices needed am-plifying: the poor, the sick, the over-worked, the underpaid, the Baltimore dockworkers worried for their jobs, the women earning less than their male colleagues for the same work, the chil-dren in foster care or in homeless shel-ters. All of them have come to see B
AR-
BARA MIKULSKI as their champion. In many ways, she began her career as a social worker and brought that work to Congress. She returns as one of the most successful social workers in history. She has worked hard to clean up the Chesapeake Bay, to support America’s first responders, and to broaden our exploration of space and science. What a giant she has been for NASA. She has helped seniors afford health care and keep America’s prom-ise to its veterans. She passed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, introduced the Paycheck Fairness Act to end the wage gap once and for all, and has fought continuously to raise the minimum wage. Senator M
IKULSKI blazed the trail as the longest-serving woman in the his-tory of Congress; was the first woman to be elected without a relative as a predecessor; and was the first woman and first Marylander to chair the Ap-propriations Committee. She has left an indelible mark on millions across Maryland and across America. I have been proud to serve alongside her and I will miss her in the Capitol as I know so many others will as well. My colleagues and I rise. We will lament the loss of Senator MIKULSKI as our colleague in the Congress, but we will be so proud that we have been able to call her colleague and friend. 
f 
HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. CUMMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I wel-come this opportunity to reflect, once again, on Senator M
IKULSKI ’s vision for America and upon all that she has achieved in public life. On a personal note, I am deeply grateful that God has given me the op-portunity to know and work with a woman who all would agree is a re-markable human being and a person I am honored to call my friend. B
ARBARA MIKULSKI ’s progressive val-ues are solid, and they are clear, and we have always known that she would fight for all of us every single day. Less well-known, however, is B
ARBARA MI-
KULSKI ’s lifetime vision of bringing all of America’s working families together in support of progressive change. Here is a dream that ties together her roots in Highlandtown, in Baltimore, with my own heritage from south Baltimore and west Baltimore. She is, indeed, a very, very special woman. She has never forgotten from whence she has come. One of the things I also love about B
ARBARA MIKULSKI is that she consistently synchronizes her conduct with her conscience. We will miss her, but we know that B
ARBARA will always be fighting for the people of our great city, for the great people of the State of Maryland, and for the people of these great United States. 
f 
HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. VAN HOLLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, long before the last ‘‘Star Wars’’ movie came out, I said: When Senator M
IKUL-
SKIis with you, the Force is with you. Senator M
IKULSKI has been a power-ful force for good in Maryland and throughout the Nation. She has been a fierce fighter for American workers, for our veterans, for our seniors, and for people from all walks of life. Her leadership on the Appropriations Com-mittee brought vital investments to the thriving Port of Baltimore and to the Social Security Administration. She has supported security missions in places like Fort Meade, investments in lifesaving research at the NIH, and dis-coveries at NASA. She authored the very first bill that was signed by Presi-dent Obama, the Lilly Ledbetter law, to give women who faced pay discrimi-nation their day in court. B
ARBARA MIKULSKI started in politics by fighting a plan to build a highway 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.072 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7554 December 8, 2016 
through her beloved neighborhood of Fells Point. She won that fight, and, 40 years later, she is still waging and win-ning fights for working families. A few years back, when NASA’s sci-entists discovered a new supernova, they named it Supernova Mikulski, and I know her legacy will always burn bright for Maryland and for our coun-try. Thank you, Senator B
ARB. 
f 
HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as a Rep-resentative from Ohio and as the senior woman in the House, I join my remarks to those of former Congresswoman and now U.S. Senator from Maryland, B
AR-
BARA MIKULSKI , in tribute to her in-credible service. When I first arrived, she was a Mem-ber of this House, and I remember how gracious she was to me. Her back-ground from working class, blue collar America—from a steel town like Balti-more, which has transformed since then—brought the concerns and the passion of someone from the working class. She continued on that road every single day whether she was here on the House side or went to the other body as the longest-serving woman in U.S. his-tory. Imagine that. Baltimore is famous for having little steps that people go into their bun-galows from, and she took a giant leap. Even though she was probably still one of the shortest Members of Congress physically, she remains one of the tall-est women in American history. I think of her when I look at the dome of the Capitol, and I see the woman facing east—the symbol of liberty. She held aloft high not just the flag, but the vi-sion for an America inclusive of all. We wish her Godspeed in the years ahead. I maintain my fond memories of her and of her incredible leadership on every subcommittee on which she served and of the honorable service that she provided not just to the citi-zens of Maryland, but to our entire country. God bless you, Senator M
IKULSKI , your family, your friends, and those who value your service beyond meas-ure. 
f 
THE PENTAGON’S WASTEFUL SPENDING (Mr. D
ESAULNIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the Pentagon’s $125 billion of wasteful spending exposed this week by The Washington Post. Just this week, Congress allocated hundreds of billions of dollars to fund a military that is larger than the next seven countries’ militaries combined while we are providing a comparatively small sum of money to increase med-ical research, to educate our youth, and to support our first responders. To then discover that the Pentagon has identified $125 billion in waste under-scores our Nation’s misguided prior-ities. If just 10 percent of that waste were redirected to the National Institutes of Health, cures could be found and lives could be saved. In this year’s defense authorization, $1.5 billion is spent to upgrade an aircraft carrier that the U.S. Navy recommended to retire. Until we press the Pentagon to undergo a rigorous audit, I cannot and will not support their bloated budget request. I share President Eisenhower’s con-cerns when he said: We must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial com-plex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist. f 
A CHRISTMAS GREETING (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week, I had the opportunity to partici-pate in the American Red Cross Holi-day Mail for Heroes program, where we sent Christmas cards to servicemem-bers who are serving far from home this Christmas season. Though it is a seemingly simple gesture of honoring these patriots, it really causes you to reflect on the meaning of Christmas. As John 3:16 states: ‘‘For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life.’’ God sent his son to be born in Beth-lehem that first Christmas, bringing great joy to the world—with the shep-herds, the wise men, and angels all sharing in the joy and celebrations. Christmas is a time to rejoice as chil-dren of God and to continue the tradi-tion of giving, not out of necessity, but out of love. We have so much to be grateful for this year. We are blessed to live in the greatest country in the world, and we owe it all to our brave and courageous men and women who sacrifice so much to safeguard our values. So this Christmas season, in the spir-it of giving, I encourage you to take a moment and show your appreciation to those who are serving our Nation both here and abroad, as well as their fami-lies here at home, and our law enforce-ment who have to work these times as well. May their service and sacrifice al-ways be appreciated. Merry Christmas. 
f 
SALUTING REVEREND T.R. WILLIAMS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to salute a wonderful pastor, the Reverend Dr. T.R. Williams, who is celebrating and commemorating 50 years of preaching. His commitment and dedication to the special Word and the word of his faith is to be com-mended, but he is also a trained busi-nessman. He is also a person who be-lieves in his flock and that they are number one. I have enjoyed worshipping with Pas-tor T.R. Williams over the years. He is an orator, a pastor, a nurturer, a coun-selor, but, most of all, a friend—a friend to the members of his great church and a friend to many young pastors and others alike. He is admired by his fellow clergymen. They respect him for his love of God’s Word. I am so grateful to have known him. Just a few weeks ago, his congregation honored him with a gigantic celebra-tion at the Stafford Centre because he is deserving of such. Pastor Williams, it is my privilege and pleasure to be able to salute you and to say ‘‘thank you’’ for your serv-ice, because, when you serve in the Lord’s Name, you serve this Nation. Might I also thank all of those who have served in the United States mili-tary, wherever they may be this sea-son. This is a season of blessings, and I wish for everyone in this great Nation blessings during this wonderful and very special season. Happy holidays to all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will recognize Members for Spe-cial Order speeches without prejudice to the possible resumption of legisla-tive business. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO STAFF MEMBERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Dela-ware (Mr. C
ARNEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the members of my staff who have served me and the people of Dela-ware over the past 6 years. Many of them have gathered in the gallery above us, and I welcome them to hear these remarks. I tell them all the time that we have the best jobs in the world, and they have done incredible work on behalf of the people of our State and our coun-try. During my 6 years as Delaware’s lone Member of Congress, I have been enormously privileged to work with such a great team. We have become like family. Whether they are cheering me on at the Congressional Baseball Game or they are working a weekend Coffee with Your Congressman, I know they have always got my back, and I could not have done my job for the peo-ple of my State without them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.073 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7555 December 8, 2016 
I would like to thank each of them individually for their contributions to our team and to our State. My chief of staff, Sheila Grant, has guided and counseled me all the 6 years of my time here. Her honesty and can-dor have consistently steered me in the right direction, and I have appreciated greatly her sense of humor. b1500 My State director, Molly Magarik, has not only an incredible ability to understand complex problems but, more importantly, she comes up with solutions to fix them. She is a huge asset to me and to the people of Dela-ware. My deputy State director, Albert Shields, has stood by me since the be-ginning, going back to my days as Lieutenant Governor. His knowledge of Delaware and his work ethic are un-matched. I am grateful for the work of our team in Delaware. Kristy Huxhold has kept the trains running on time and the office humming for both former Congressman Mike Castle and for me. Nicole Pender keeps our office plugged in to local issues and shepherds local nonprofits and governments through the maze of Federal grant applications. Joe Bryant helps our constituents navigate the challenging landscape of Federal benefits, all while serving as a member of the Delaware National Guard. Sarah Venables is the queen of constituent service, who is loved by all, and is a tenacious and effective cham-pion for our veterans. Annie Gallagher, a long-time friend who formerly worked for Senator Roth, we had to bring her out of retirement twice to help us with Medicare and Social Secu-rity, which she gets better than anyone I know. Drew Slater has done a tre-mendous job as my eyes and ears in Kent and Sussex Counties and may love the State Fair even more than I do. Larry Morris, my long-time friend whose dedication to the city of Wil-mington and its youth is unmatched. And Read Scott, who helps me stay in touch with my constituents and directs people through the confusing worlds of the IRS and health care. Each one of these individuals has put in countless hours on behalf of Dela-ware. I have been lucky to have them on my team. In my Washington office, Elizabeth Connolly has worked for me since be-fore she even graduated from Smith College. I am extremely grateful for her loyalty and her dedication to our work on financial services and other issues. Francesca Amodeo overcame her roots as a non-Delawarean—and that is hard to do in my office—to be-come one of our State’s biggest cheer-leaders and to help me become an effec-tive communicator. Connor Hamburg, a true Blue Hen, has an unbridled pas-sion for southern Delaware and agricul-tural policy that can’t help but make you smile. Gita Miller and Betsey Coulbourn have helped me share my view with Delawareans and respond to one of the largest constituencies in the whole House of Representatives. Last-ly, our staff assistant, Elena Kochnowicz, and her recent prede-cessor, Brannock Furey, have done ev-erything under the sun. From Capitol tours to greeting visitors with a smil-ing face, both Elena and Brannock have been crucial to our operation. In addition to our current staff, I would also like to thank the many dedicated folks who have worked for me in previous years. Doug Gramiak first served as chief of staff during my time as Lieutenant Governor and later as my State director. He has been a valued friend and confidant ever since. Doug got our office up and running 6 years ago and played a critical role during my first years in Congress. I would also like to recognize my first chief of staff here in Washington, Elizabeth Hart. Elizabeth worked for me for 5 years and built a solid founda-tion from the start. She showed me the ropes here in D.C., and her knowledge and experience was invaluable to me and to our office. Lastly, I would like to thank all our former staff in Delaware and here in the District: Cerron Cade, Bob Stickels, Gail Seitz, Sam Hodas, Justin German, Craig Radcliffe, Natasha Babiarz, Mary Williams, Katie Paisley, James Allen, Jenny Kane, Matt Pincus, and Steve Carfagno. I will always re-member our time together and will never forget their hard work on behalf of the people of Delaware and myself. Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor to have served alongside this team, from making sure constituents receive the Federal benefits they deserve, to crafting legislative policy that address-es the needs of our State. Each of these individuals has worked tirelessly on be-half of Delawareans, and I want to pub-licly thank them today for their dedi-cation to the people of our great State. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CELEBRATING INDIANA’S BICENTENNIAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. R
OKITA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to stand before the Chamber today and talk about one of my favor-ite subjects and one of the favorite sub-jects of all the speakers who are going to appear before this floor in the next hour. And that is the State of Indiana and, in particular, the fact that, as a very proud State which has offered so much to this Nation, we are cele-brating our 200th anniversary since ad-mission to the Union. It has been the highest honor of my life to serve Indiana in public office, and, I know for all the speakers today, it has been the same for them. We have a lot to talk about in very few minutes, if you consider it. So I would like to get right to introducing some of my colleagues who are here to celebrate the bicentennial of the State of Indiana. The first being one of my good friends, Mr. TODDYOUNG from In-diana’s Ninth Congressional District. He has represented that district since 2010. He is an amazing young leader. And last month, he was made our Sen-ator-elect to serve in the next Cham-ber, and we look forward to working with him. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. I thank the gentleman for yielding. It has been a privilege serving with him in the House on behalf of the people of Indiana. I look forward to our continued work to-gether. I am just so grateful for our delegation and the leadership it exhib-ited on behalf of the State. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Indiana’s bicentennial celebration. Much of our State’s great history ema-nated from a little town in Indiana’s Ninth Congressional District, which I have had the honor and privilege of representing for the last 6 years. The town is Corydon. It is located in Har-rison County, which is on the banks of the Ohio River. In 1816, James Madison, our then- President, signed an enabling act to ex-plore the possibility of statehood for Indiana. Soon after, in June of 1816, 43 delegates congregated across the terri-tory. They came to descend on Corydon, and their purpose was to draft our State’s first constitution. Much of the delegates’ work was done under the shade of a large elm tree, known by all of those in our delega-tion, and known by so many Hoosiers and even people outside of the State today, as the Constitution Elm. That tree still stands, and Indiana is still going strong. Our Constitution set the table for the State’s first election in August of that year, where Jonathan Jennings was elected our Governor. In November, Governor Jennings and Indiana’s newly elected representatives met in the new capitol building, which is a beautiful building. And the intention there was to commence the State’s first general assembly session. Their work resulted in Indiana formally being admitted as the country’s 19th State in December of 1816. Corydon would serve as the State’s capital until 1825, when the State’s government was then moved to Indianapolis, where it remains today, centrally in the State. Now, Corydon also served as the site of Indiana’s only battle during the Civil War. The attack was a part of Morgan’s Raid, as confederate troops descended across the Ohio River under the leadership of confederate General John Hunt Morgan. He moved across parts of Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.075 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7556 December 8, 2016 
Tennessee in 1863. It was a small mili-tia of Hoosiers who met Morgan’s con-federates, and that skirmish is still celebrated today. So Corydon’s importance to our State’s history can’t be highlighted enough, but it is one area on the map, one very important area on the map of the State of Indiana. There are so many other important towns, cities, and Hoosiers that I know will be high-lighted and accentuated in the course of this celebration here on the floor of the U.S. House. I commend my colleague, T
ODD R
OKITA , for shining a bright light on our celebration of 200 years. I look for-ward to continuing to celebrate Indi-ana’s bicentennial with Hoosiers, cele-brating the rich history which our State has followed, and celebrating all the good years we know will come. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman for his service. I look forward to work-ing with him in the future. I thank him for honoring our great State and for his service to our country. Indiana has had a long and proud his-tory, acting as a leader in many crucial fields and enriching the history of our Nation overall. Hoosiers have helped give us everything from airplanes to penicillin and insulin and even walked the first steps on the Moon. Both Wil-bur Wright and Eli Lilly hailed from Indiana and permanently altered the course of human history for the better. Neil Armstrong attended Purdue Uni-versity, which I am proud to say is in Indiana’s Fourth Congressional Dis-trict. Purdue University is one of the top engineering schools in the country and has been a leader in fighting against rising tuition costs, one of the most important issues facing this Con-gress and the next and, actually, the next generation of students entirely. Our State is lucky, however, in that Purdue is hardly the only outstanding higher education option available. I, myself, am a proud alumnus of two In-diana colleges and universities, Wabash College and the Indiana School of Law. We fight hard to be an education part-ner for all Hoosiers and all our institu-tions, and that includes the entire dele-gation, whether Republican or Demo-crat. In that vein, Mr. Speaker, I will rec-ognize another distinguished Hoosier and member of our delegation, Rep-resentative L
ARRY BUCSHON . He is a doctor by trade. He practiced, and practiced well, the profession his entire adult life, starting in the United States Navy, and now represents Indiana’s Eighth Congressional District. Indiana couldn’t be prouder of Rep-resentative B
UCSHON and what he brings not only to the Energy and Commerce Committee but to this very floor every day that we are in session. With that, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ). Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OKITA from the Fourth District for yielding and for putting together this Special Order on behalf of our State. You know, Indiana boasts two of America’s Presidents and now eight Vice Presidents. We are the home of Hoosier hysteria, a great basketball tradition, and the greatest spectacle in racing, the Indianapolis 500. We love our breaded pork tenderloins and our sugar cream pie. We have the sixth largest National Guard in the Nation, made up of over 13,000 Hoosiers that has defended this country in wars, from the Battle of Tippecanoe to World War II to the global war on terror. Most importantly, Indiana is home to the most humble, generous, compas-sionate, and hardworking citizens in our country. And our great State—all 6.5 million Hoosiers—is now cele-brating 200 years. I want to take a minute to briefly highlight a few of the things specific to the Eighth Congressional District in Indiana. This year, my annual art competi-tion for high school students focused on celebrating Indiana to commemo-rate the Hoosier State’s bicentennial. We had a lot of creative submissions from talented students across southern Indiana and Wabash Valley. The win-ning art piece recognized the 100-year anniversary of Bosse Field in Evans-ville, a baseball field. Bosse Field is the third oldest ballpark in the country and is still in regular use for profes-sional baseball. It was also featured in the popular film in 1991, ‘‘A League of Their Own.’’ A lot of that was filmed at Bosse Field in Evansville, Indiana. I am also proud to say that commu-nities in Indiana’s Eighth Congres-sional District were exceptionally in-volved in the Bicentennial Legacy Project. The Bicentennial Legacy Project showcases the best of Indiana to promote and support important community projects and programs across the State. It is really the best of the best for what the Hoosier State has to offer. b1515 There are nearly 300 officially sanc-tioned bicentennial legacy projects un-dertaken in counties and communities in the Eighth Congressional District. The Eighth District is also home to premier places of historic, cultural, and natural significance. Lyles Station in Gibson County is a small farming community that was an original settlement of freed slaves nearly 200 years ago. Lyles Station is highlighted nationally at the Smithso-nian Institution’s new National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture. Vincennes in Knox County was estab-lished in 1801 as Indiana’s first city. It served as our territorial capital and was a key player in the American Rev-olution. It is also home to George Rog-ers Clark National Historic Park and President William Henry Harrison’s Grouseland, his home when he was Governor of the Indiana Territory. New Harmony in Posey County was first established as a communal uto-pian society and later a center for knowledge and science. Spencer County is the home of Presi-dent Abraham Lincoln as a youth and a young man and is home to Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial. We have a strong German Catholic heritage in southwest Indiana with Saint Meinrad Archabbey in Spencer County and Monastery Immaculate Conception in Dubois County. Indiana’s Eighth District is also home to Naval Support Activity Crane, the U.S. Navy’s third largest installa-tion in the entire world. Last week, the base celebrated its 75th anniversary. In 1915, the Root Glass Company de-veloped the very first Coca-Cola bottle in Terre Haute, Indiana. That is one for the trivia question book: Where was the first Coca-Cola bottle designed and made? It was made in Terre Haute, Indiana. That bottle has now become an iconic, world-recognized brand. Of course, we have Hoosier National Forest, which takes up a good portion of the southern area of my State, which is home to a lot of activities that Hoosiers enjoy with the great out-doors, along with Patoka River Na-tional Wildlife Refuge near Oakland City, Indiana, and it serves the same purpose. Of course, we have the world-famous Santa Claus postmark. Santa Claus, In-diana, every year at Christmas has lit-erally tens of thousands of boxes of Christmas cards sent to Santa Claus so they can have the unique postmark from Santa Claus, Indiana, that is usu-ally designed by a local student in a competition. They pick that, and every year around Christmastime I get the pleasure to go over to Santa Claus to the post office and postmark some of those Christmas cards myself. In manufacturing, everything from noodles to nuclear components are made in the Eighth District of Indiana. We are also a principal supplier of the world’s agricultural products. As you can see, Indiana’s Eighth Con-gressional District has a rich history, and I am proud to represent this area. It is an honor and a privilege to serve with all of my Hoosier colleagues. Thank you again, Representative ROKITA , for putting this together. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman. I quickly want to turn our attention and yield to the gentleman from Indi-anapolis, Mr. A
NDRE´CARSON . He rep-resents Indiana’s Seventh Congres-sional District. Like us all, he is a fierce advocate for the different com-munities in his district. Additionally, Andre´and I both serve on the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure. I think that is an important position to have when the motto of your State is ‘‘Crossroads of America.’’ Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank my friend, Con-gressman R
OKITA , who has done a great job at representing his constituents, and we appreciate him for assembling a great body of Hoosiers from all across the great State of Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.077 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7557 December 8, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-memorate a milestone in Indiana’s his-tory, the bicentennial of our great State. For the past 200 years, Indiana has stood as a beacon of opportunity for millions of Hoosiers who came to the State to make a better life for themselves and their families. Indiana’s history stems from our ear-liest Native American inhabitants. In fact, the State’s name literally means ‘‘land of the Indians.’’ Early settlers befriended Native Americans as they came from New York in the Northeast, Kentucky in the South, and Ohio in the Midwest. They settled across a geog-raphy as varied as Indiana’s people, stretching from rolling hills in south-ern Brown County to flat and sandy in the north along the Indiana Dunes Na-tional Lakeshore. These influences created a melting pot of influences that remain today. Over the past 200 years, Mr. Speaker, Indiana has been home to countless colorful and transformative figures like the Jackson 5, Larry Bird, John Cougar Mellencamp, Dan Quayle, Baby-face, Mike Epps, and countless others. But more than any individual, Mr. Speaker, when folks think of Indiana, they think of racing, they think of bas-ketball. In fact, the great Hoosier State is credited with the origin of high school basketball. Our college teams are some of the most consist-ently successful in the country, and the enthusiasm surrounding the sport is unmatched. In my hometown of Indianapolis, we are proud to have hosted the Indianap-olis 500 for 100 eventful years. The Indi-anapolis Motor Speedway has long been the world’s gold standard for race tracks, hosting some of the most his-toric races and prompting countless in-novations. But what makes Indiana so special is not what most people think of first, Mr. Speaker. It is not a historical fig-ure or a notable accomplishment. What makes Indiana great is the type of peo-ple who live there. Hoosiers have truly built America. Students at our world class universities have spawned cre-ative businesses and grown our econ-omy across the country. Our workers have built millions of automobiles, cre-ated lifesaving medicines, and ad-vanced sports to new levels. Our farm-ers feed America and the entire world. We joke about how friendly and wel-coming Hoosiers are. Living in Indiana, you don’t always recognize it, but com-ing here to Washington, D.C., has made me realize how real Hoosier hospitality is, unlike a lot of D.C. I am talking about Capitol Hill. I am not talking about the rest of D.C.; they are great people. Staffers are great here, too. But Hoosiers care about people. We want to make them feel welcome, and we want to help them when we can. The Hoosiers we see today who grew up in a State built by all of those be-fore us are the reason that this bicen-tennial is so special. I can’t imagine a better place to live, Mr. Speaker, and I am proud to call Indiana home. I am proud that I grew up there and that my daughter will, too; and representing this wonderful State in Congress con-tinues to be a tremendous honor. Happy birthday, Indiana. May our next 200 years be as full of history, in-novation, and achievement as our past 200. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
ARSON for his words. You will re-call he mentioned the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Here is a great pic-ture of it, circa about, I would say, late 1980s, just part of our heritage that we will be sharing here over the next hour. When I was last commenting about the great Hoosier State here at this po-dium, I talked about Hoosier schools. Hoosier places of higher learning have also become major players in the sports world, winning national cham-pionships and creating some fierce, yet fun, rivalries. For example, in Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District there is both DePauw University and Wabash Col-lege. They face off every year in the iconic Monon Bell game. It has been going on for over 100 years. As Wabash men, I don’t think there is any ques-tion whom Representative M
ESSER and myself root for, but that is just an-other example of the great Hoosier spirit in the Monon Bell game. Focusing on Purdue University again for just a second, I want to yield some time to a great Member of this body who is also retiring this year. Mr. K
URT C
LAWSON of Florida is no longer a resi-dent, of course, of Indiana, but he was at one time, helping lead Purdue’s bas-ketball team to untold heights. At this time, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAW-
SON). Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Chairman R
OKITA for those kind words and for his friendship and support and his flexibility in this House. There are very few people like him, and I will miss him. The first thing I have to say today is Boiler Up, Mr. Speaker, Boiler Up. I am from Florida. I proudly represent southwest Florida that I love so much, but I went to high school and college in Indiana; so part of me will always be from Indiana and I will always love the State and its wonderful people. In 1976, my dad moved the family of 7 kids to southeastern Indiana from the South, and we went to a small town in southeastern Indiana called Batesville, kind of a typical town of 4,000 or 5,000 people, typical hotbed of basketball and shooters, with well-known sports names in the area, like Paul Ehrman, the co-chairman, going into the Indi-ana Baseball Hall of Fame next year, Ace Moorman, Dave Galle, among other basketball and sports greats in southern Indiana. My parents immediately loved the Indiana culture that we were exposed to in Batesville, best summarized by words of my dad who would say some-thing like this: Work hard; don’t com-plain; put the group, the team, and the family first; go to church on Sunday; actually kneel down and pray; and show a little humility. Right, Dad? Eventually, trying to do as best I could to follow my father’s counsel, I went to Purdue to play for the College Hall of Fame coach, Coach Gene Keady, and I have to tell you how much of an honor that was and a memorable expe-rience in my life. Before continuing on a little bit about Coach Keady, I want to compliment our current president at Purdue, the former Governor of Indi-ana, Mitch Daniels, who moves our uni-versity into the future with a new busi-ness model of innovation and leader-ship. President Mitch is a leader who is not afraid of change, and I admire that because, without change, tomorrow you lose. But back to Coach Keady. Our senior year, Mr. Vitale on TV picked our team last because we had lost our best play-er to the NBA draft. I went to Coach Keady’s office before the season as one of his senior captains, and I asked him: Coach, how do you feel about this team? Do you believe we are going to be last? He said: No, we are not going to be last. I asked: How do you know, Coach? How do you know? He said: Because I like my locker room. I asked: What does that mean? He said: I know you all are going to listen to me, and you will follow what I say. I know you will share the ball, and I know you will outwork the com-petition. Well, of course, Coach was right. We went from being picked last to winning the Big 10. Coach Keady’s first of six Big 10 championships in 25 years at Purdue, four consensus national coach of the year, six national coach of the year in one media, service, or another, and, importantly, in 25 years at Pur-due, a winning record against the coach down in Bloomington. I want to honor Coach Keady today, and I want to end by thanking our president at Purdue University, Mitch Daniels. I honor and admire Coach Keady for what he has accomplished. Most of all, I want to thank Coach Keady for his loyalty to me. My last game was bad. I have to live with that forever, but for 30 years now, I have lived in his umbrella of love and loy-alty. He has always been there for me, and I honor him for that. I appreciate his loyalty as the last important lesson of so many that he taught me. Happy birthday to our wonderful State of Indiana and our wonderful people with our basic cultures of be-lieving in God and treating one another with love and respect. b1530 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for those excellent words. I can’t believe the last game he played at Purdue University 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.078 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7558 December 8, 2016 
was all that bad, but we will go back to the tapes and look. Either way, it is now part of our wonderful Hoosier his-tory. There are, of course, quite a few other notable sporting events in Indi-ana. A
NDRE´CARSON spoke of one of them, and that is one that can’t be ri-valed. That is called the ‘‘greatest spectacle in racing.’’ I just recently had a picture of the speedway up here on the floor. The Indianapolis 500 celebrated its 100th running earlier this year and con-tinues Indiana’s storied history with automobiles, which began in the late 1800s when Elwood Haynes, the ‘‘father of the automobile’’ developed his horseless carriage in Kokomo, Indiana. Kokomo, Indiana is in Howard County. It as a county—and Kokomo as a city— has a great, wonderful, rich automative history, and history in other respects as well. It is an honor for me to be able to share that county with one of our great members from the Indiana delegation, an accomplished leader, an accom-plished lady who has done wonderful things throughout her professional ca-reer and in this House continues to lead the way, most recently by being chosen as our next chairwoman of the House Ethics Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), my friend from the Fifth Congressional District. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in celebration of our home State’s bicentennial. I want to thank the gentleman from Indiana’s Fourth Congressional Dis-trict for organizing this very meaning-ful celebration of our State’s 200 years. I want to thank him for his leadership here in the House, representing not only the Fourth District, but all Hoo-siers so very proudly, and in your time as secretary of state, where you served throughout our State. I really appre-ciate the fact that you and your staff put the time and effort in to making these last minutes on the House floor possible as we close out the 114th Con-gress. I want to specifically highlight a lit-tle bit of the history of the Fifth Dis-trict, which I represent, but more im-portantly, how that history informs, inspires, and ignites our future. Since we became a State in 1816, Indiana has transformed again and again, growing and evolving into the strong and thriv-ing State it is today. I want to talk with you about Conner Prairie in my district. Conner Prairie has grown up with the State. What started as a log cabin in the early 1800s by the White River has grown into a stately brick home that has served as the seat of early Hamilton County gov-ernment. It is now an interactive his-tory museum and park, and recently it has been recognized as the only Smith-sonian affiliate in Indiana. It is a lead-ing innovator in the history museum field, with more than 360,000 visitors each year. In 1800, William Conner settled in In-diana to become a fur trader. He and his Lenape Indian spouse and their six children lived in that first log cabin on the property. In 1818, Conner played a pivotal role as interpreter and liaison for the Treaty of St. Mary’s, in which the Delaware Tribe ceded lands in cen-tral Indiana for those west of the Mis-sissippi River. The Lenape Tribe, in-cluding Conner’s wife and children, left Indiana, but Conner decided to stay. In 1823, he and his second wife, Eliza-beth, built a beautiful brick home on a hill overlooking land that came to be known as Conner Prairie. This home served as the seat of Hamilton County government and the local post office in the early days of the county’s found-ing. In 1934, Colonel Eli Lilly, then the president of the pharmaceutical com-pany that he founded, which remains today in Indianapolis, Indiana, pur-chased Conner Prairie and the old brick home in hopes of restoring it and opening it to the public. Lilly believed that history and its preservation were cornerstones of American democracy. He wanted Conner Prairie to be a place where peo-ple could connect with their history and see their heritage brought to life. Little did he realize that his idea would be so vividly brought to life in modern- day Conner Prairie. Growing from the site of occasional historical reenact-ments, Conner Prairie blossomed into a living history museum that transports visitors back to the Hoosier frontier and invites them to see life in Indiana in 1836. Prairietown, an immersive exhibit where people, animals, buildings, ob-jects, and daily routines remain just as they were 180 years ago, was just the beginning. In addition to the Prairietown exhibit, Conner Prairie has expanded its historical experience to now include an 1859 Balloon Voy-age—the gentleman from Indiana’s Fourth District, who loves to fly, I hope he has tried the balloon voyage; it is really remarkable—as well as an 1863 Civil War Journey and a Lenape Indian Camp. In addition, visitors to Conner Prai-rie today can see how innovations in math, science, technology, and engi-neering have shaped our history, and how these vital and growing industries will shape our State’s future and are shaping the State of Indiana. Students and children can build planes, create an electrical circuit or radio, construct a windmill, or invent their own prod-ucts, which they then attempt to pat-ent. I agree with Colonel Lilly that his-tory is a cornerstone of our democracy. I believe that Conner Prairie is an in-credible realization of the idea that history plays a pivotal role in our fu-ture. In fact, Conner Prairie, William Conner, and the Conner family is one of the reasons that we named our son Conner and why we spell his name with an ‘‘e.’’ In fact, he happens to be in the balcony of the Chamber today. I am very pleased that he is here with us to learn more about our State’s incredible history and the history of his own name. The brick house that Colonel Lilly purchased in the 1930s still stands, and its renovation was an Indiana Bicen-tennial Project. As Indiana celebrates its bicentennial and in the many years to come, the many places just like Conner Prairie will always help Hoo-siers find their heritage, understand our history, and, most importantly, ig-nite the future. Happy birthday to Indiana and all Hoosiers. Mr. ROKITA. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s leader-ship in the Fifth District and through-out Indiana. It is just another example of, frankly, how we believe our State is great. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. STUTZMAN ), from the Third Congressional District, who not only served in this Chamber, but also in Indiana’s statehouse, first as a State representative and later as a State sen-ator. He is a farmer from the northeast part of our State. He brings with him to this House and to his future endeav-ors a robust knowledge and practice of our State’s best traditions and history. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Indiana. It is great to be here on the floor with my colleagues from the Indiana delegation as we celebrate our bicen-tennial in Indiana. I also find it an honor that we get to be one of the last groups here on the floor discussing an issue here in this Congress, as we have wrapped up our business earlier today. I just want to thank Mr. R
OKITA , Mrs. B
ROOKS , Mr. M ESSER , and others that I see here—Mr. B
UCSHON was here earlier—whom I count it an honor and privilege to serve with. This will be my last speech on the floor as I end my time here in Congress and look forward to going back home to Indiana again. So I come with some mixed emotions, frankly, but also very excited about what is in store for you all, what is in store for Indiana, what is in store for our country, as I have had the privilege to serve Indiana’s Third Congressional District for these past 6 years. I know that, just as you all feel, we feel very privileged to be Hoosiers. Indiana is oftentimes thought of to be that flyover State in from the East Coast to the West Coast or vice versa; but so many wonderful things are hap-pening in Indiana that we are proud of and that we feel, especially at this time as our own Governor, the Vice President-elect, Mike Pence, who has been our Governor for the last 4 years in Indiana, is showing and exhibiting the good policies, the good nature, the humbleness, the character and integ-rity that so many Hoosiers display on a daily basis. So I think that, as I leave, I am look-ing forward to watching you all con-tinue to face some difficult challenges, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.080 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7559 December 8, 2016 
but with a lot of opportunity in front of us. I know that Hoosiers all across our State and Americans are looking for leadership. I know that we have seen that in Indiana with our former Governor, Mitch Daniels. It was great to see our colleague, Mr. C
LAWSON , here earlier, who is also going to be depart-ing after this Congress. We have such great history. Of course, our sports history is one that we love to talk about and brag about. I also want to recognize my family: my wife Christy, and our sons, Payton and Preston. Payton, of course, was named after a football player in Indi-anapolis. He was one of those kids in Indiana that was named Peyton during a great streak by Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts. We have got such great ownership, great leaders in Indianapolis and across the country with the teams that we are proud of in Indiana, the Colts and Pac-ers. We have got a great college tradi-tion. You turn on ESPN and you see, of course, Indiana basketball, Purdue bas-ketball, Notre Dame. Valparaiso al-ways ends up in the tournament at the end of the year it seems like. Of course, there are other teams that continue to exhibit that tradition that we have in Indiana of great basketball. Of course, our high school basketball is like no other State has. There is something really remarkable about high school basketball in Indiana. I also just want to quickly recognize a friend that happens to be here. Randy Lewandowski, who is the president of the Indianapolis Indians, our baseball team in Indiana. It is a AAA affiliate of the Pittsburgh Pirates. He just hap-pens to be in town, and I am proud of the work that he does to bring great baseball to our city and to our State. I am proud of the folks like Randy that work so hard to make Indiana a great place to live. Of course, our racing is also such a proud sport for us in Indiana. More importantly than all of that, look at the hardworking Hoosiers on a daily basis who go to work every day, whether it is in the factories, whether it is in the trucking industry. We are known as the crossroads of America. You have distribution centers all across the State. You think of the teachers that do such a remarkable job in teaching our children. As you get to know people across the State of Indiana, I have become just more and more proud to be called a Hoosier, have the opportunity to rep-resent them, and to know that we all love life. We love liberty. We want to continue to protect the ability to pur-sue happiness as Americans. We know that life is difficult, life has challenges, but working together and working hard, keeping our head down and facing those challenges together as commu-nities, as a State, and as a country, we can be successful. As we celebrate our bicentennial, I just know that Indiana has done so much for me and my family. I want to thank my parents, Albert and Sarah Stutzman; my brothers, Matt and Chris; and my sister, Lynette; and their families for the support that they have given to me in the time that I have had the opportunity to serve here. I know there are so many families across our State that support one an-other and are working to make life bet-ter not only for themselves, but for their families. b1545 Indiana also has the fourth largest National Guard in the country. We have, of course, Texas, California, and New York, but Indiana is one of the largest national guards in the country. And I think that shows the level of commitment that Hoosiers have been willing to sacrifice, to commit to the defense and security of this country. I appreciate many of our leaders in our State that have led a National Guard to show that we are willing to do our part and to help lead the way. As I think of traveling across the State, there are so many different parts of Indiana that we are so proud to have as part of our State. So I would just say to anyone listening and watch-ing this, as we talk about our beloved Indiana, if you ever get a chance to visit, there is so much to do and see and enjoy, the nature, from top to bot-tom, from Lake Michigan in the north-west to the Ohio Valley in the southern part of the State, the beautiful farm-land, and the rolling hills in the south-ern part of Indiana. We just have such tremendous tradi-tion and, of course, the values that we all hold very dearly and know that we want to do our part to not only make Indiana great but to continue to make America great as well. So with that, Mr. R
OKITA , I really ap-preciate the opportunity, and I thank the gentleman for putting this time to-gether as we reflect on our great State. I want to wish him the very best and the rest of our colleagues the very best as well in the future; and know that folks across this country can look to the gentleman for solid leadership, and appreciate all that he does. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, reclaim-ing my time, a lot has been talked about already from Indiana’s manufac-turing prowess to our agricultural rich-ness, to our own rich history. I want to focus just a little bit before yielding to my good friend, Mr. M
ESSER , to talk a little bit about Indi-ana’s agricultural history. It is in the top 10 in the Nation in agricultural sales, with over $11 billion in those sales. The agricultural industry creates good Hoosier jobs and provides our Na-tion with an array of products, from corn to soybeans to hogs and poultry, and you just have to go a few miles in any direction on any one of our roads to know that, by looking out your win-dow. In fact, Indiana has so many agricul-tural products that there are six times as many chickens in the State than people. My district, in particular, has produced several major agricultural in-novations. The town of Kokomo, that I men-tioned earlier, is known as the ‘‘City of Firsts,’’ due to the many products in-vented there, including both the first canned tomato juice and the first me-chanical corn picker, which revolution-ized the farming of one of Indiana’s most important crops. Indiana is specifically one of the Na-tion’s second largest producers of pop-corn. And while that definitely helps us all enjoy trips to the movies, Indiana’s contributions to the entertainment field have not stopped there. Famous Hoosiers, as ANDRE´CARSON  mentioned, such as John Mellencamp, Axl Rose, James Dean, and the King of Pop himself, Michael Jackson, have all made their mark on our Nation, pro-viding us with memorable songs and iconic movies, while never forgetting where they came from. Another great Hoosier who hasn’t forgotten where he has come from is my good friend representing the Sixth District of Indiana, which includes Co-lumbus, Muncie, and Richmond, and that is Mr. L
UKEMESSER . He and I both went to Wabash College together, and, as I mentioned earlier, we know who we rooted for at the Monon Bell game. I yield to the gentleman from Indi-ana’s Sixth Congressional District, Mr. L
UKEMESSER . Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for organizing today’s celebration of Indiana’s 200th birthday. I thank him for his distinguished little giant career at Wabash College and all of his service to our great State. It is an exciting time to be a Hoosier any year, but it is a pretty big birthday coming up this year when, on Decem-ber 11, 2016, we will be celebrating our State’s 200th birthday—200 years since Indiana became our Nation’s 19th State. I am holding this basketball because when you think about Indiana, you can’t help but think about basketball. And my district, Indiana’s Sixth Con-gressional District, has a couple of pretty important distinguishing fac-tors in Indiana’s great history as a bas-ketball State. First, the Milan Indians, the great Milan Indians team that were the 1954 State champions that showed that our single-class basketball, the small little engine that could, can win a State title, that is from Ripley County in the middle of my State. And then the Knightstown gym, where the movie ‘‘Hoosiers’’ was filmed, is also in Indiana’s Sixth Con-gressional District. I am going to throw a chest pass of this basketball over to my colleagues from Indiana, where we will show you can catch it. Here you go, Mr. B
UCSHON . Let the Record show he caught the ball, all right, showing he is a Hoosier. Bring the House to order, as M
ARLIN  said. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.081 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7560 December 8, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida). The House will be in order. Mr. MESSER. Thank you, Mr. Speak-er. This Sunday, we celebrate two cen-turies of statehood, history, tradition, and accomplishment in Indiana. We Hoosiers have a great deal to be proud of in our State, and in the Sixth Dis-trict that I represent. The Sixth District is home to re-nowned architecture, historical land-marks, beautiful parks, and famous Americans. The Wright brothers spent part of their childhood in our corner of Indiana. Wilbur was born in Millville, and Orville first took up kite building in Richmond, Indiana. Richmond was also the home to Gennett Records, where some of the earliest jazz recordings were ever pro-duced in the late 1910s and early 1920s, earning Richmond the nickname of the ‘‘cradle of recorded jazz.’’ David Letterman attended school at Ball State University in Muncie, as did Jim Davis, who is famous for the ‘‘Gar-field’’ cartoon. Hancock County in the Sixth District is the home of the famed Hoosier poet, James Whitcomb Riley, who wrote, among other things, ‘‘Little Orphant Annie.’’ Columbus is known for beautiful ar-chitecture and for being the home of the oldest theater in the State, The Crump Theater, built in 1889 by John Crump. A centuries-old tree grows atop the Decatur County Courthouse Tower, giving Greensburg, my hometown where I grew up, the nickname ‘‘Tree City.’’ Famous Hoosiers from the Sixth Dis-trict include Vice President Thomas Hendricks, from my adopted hometown of Shelbyville, where my kids began our family’s life, together with my wife, Jennifer; three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Wilbur Shaw; racecar driver Tony Stewart, from Columbus; Shelby-ville basketball player Bill Garrett; ac-tresses Joyce DeWitt and Jamie Hyneman; cinema and television pio-neer Francis Jenkins; and the list goes on. We have also had two Governors hail from our part of the State, Oliver Mor-ton, and current Governor, Mike Pence. Now the Sixth District will be lucky enough to claim another Vice President, Vice President-elect, and former Sixth District Congressman, Mike Pence, who we are all very proud of. In fact, I am so proud of our State, and I don’t know that the gentleman would know this—I know at least one of our colleagues were surprised to learn—but my wife, Jennifer, and I ac-tually wrote a book about this great State of Indiana called, ‘‘Hoosier Heart.’’ It is a book that celebrates the history and traditions of our State, the people, its places. I am just going to read the sort of closing passage of this book as I wrap up my comments today. The book closes this way: The word ‘‘Hoosier’’ is a mystery. No one knows where it comes from for sure. Some say it was a pioneer greeting. The gentleman here says, Whose year? Others say someone once lost an ear, and this young guy asks, Whose ear? But whatever a Hoosier used to be, we all know what a Hoosier is today. A Hoosier is someone with Indiana roots, someone who loves our State in every way. Hoosiers come in all shapes and sizes, all races, and all creeds. Some Hoosiers don’t even live in our State. Over time, some Hoo-siers do leave. But wherever Hoosiers now live, they are never far apart because the key to being a Hoosier is having a big Hoosier heart. 
Happy birthday, Indiana. Mr. ROKITA. Reclaiming my time, it is a great book, as my family knows as well, and excellent words from the gen-tleman from Indiana’s Sixth Congres-sional District. Throughout this all, Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District has more than done its part in adding to our State’s rich history. The Battle of Tippecanoe, for example, which put Indiana on the path to statehood, took place in mod-ern-day Lafayette, and gained recogni-tion for General William Henry Har-rison, who would go on to become our ninth President. The Fourth District is also home to the first Indiana State Flag, pictured here. This is from about—this was 1916, when our flag design was—this flag de-sign was awarded the honor of becom-ing our official flag. It was created by Paul Hadley, of Mooresville, in Indi-ana’s Fourth District, for a contest during our State’s first Centennial celebration. Our district is also home to many im-portant landmarks. Boone County Courthouse has the largest 1-piece limestone columns in the country. Newton County is home to 23 bison, our State animal. And Benton and White Counties have one of the largest wind-mill farms in the Nation. This is just a small sample of the great parts of our State and district, and our bicentennial celebration has done a fantastic job of highlighting these and many others over the past 12 months. I have even had the pleasure of par-ticipating in several of the events, like many of my colleagues have, including selecting a bicentennial-themed entry as the winner for our office’s Congres-sional Art Competition, and serving as torchbearer for the torch relay. The relay saw the bicentennial torch, designed and made by Purdue students, travel through each of our 92 counties over the course of several weeks, and highlighted both the unique history and the places in each part of our State and the common bond that makes all of us Hoosiers. I served as a torchbearer in Fountain County, and was very impressed by the high turnout and enthusiasm. At a time in this Nation’s life when it is hard to get members of a particular place to act like a community because of so many different distractions and diversions and how technology has en-tered our lives, it was humbling, sober-ing, but very prideful to see thousands of people in a relatively small county come together for such an event as to see a torch going by and being passed along by the county courthouse. The Hoosiers, I saw, were well-pre-pared for the event and were not going to let a little bit of rain keep them from coming out and celebrating towns and their counties and, most of all, our wonderful State. The event itself helped to remind me of the most important and unique part of our State, and that is the people. Hoosiers are kind and gracious people who take pride in their work and in their State. They have been the secret to our State’s 200 years of success. Now, this Sunday’s final bicentennial event is entitled ‘‘Igniting the Fu-ture,’’ and it is my belief and hope that it will inspire our next generation of Hoosier leaders to continue this record of accomplishment, and never forget about what makes this State and our country so exceptional, exceptional with a capital E. Myself, and my colleagues here from Indiana, look forward to working with these future leaders and ensuring the success of our State for another 200 years. Mr. Speaker, before yielding back, I would like to yield to the gentleman from Evansville, Mr. L
ARRY BUCSHON . Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I want to use some of the last time that we have to honor a great Hoosier. I know others will have comments and, today, as we recognize Indiana’s 200th birth-day, it is also important to acknowl-edge the contribution of one of those who has made an indelible mark on our shared history. Without a doubt, one of those people is a man who delivered his final speech from the Senate floor this past week with a heartfelt message about pre-serving the freedoms that make this country so great. Senator D
ANCOATS exemplifies what it means to be a public servant. He has dedicated his life to improving the lives of his fellow citizens. He served his country in the United States Army; he has spent time in both the U.S. House and the United States Senate; he served as an Ambassador to Germany, assuming that role just 3 days prior to the tragic attacks on Sep-tember 11, 2001. After this distinguished career, Sen-ator C
OATS answered the call to serve his fellow citizens once again in the United States Senate, where he has been a national leader on reducing Fed-eral spending, fixing our economy, and keeping our Nation safe and secure. And a little personal story. I was a cardiovascular surgeon prior to coming to Congress. And when I spend time at events with Senator C
OATS , he always likes to tell everyone he feels very comfortable because, if he has a heart problem, Congressman B
UCSHON will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.082 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7561 December 8, 2016 
pick up a butter knife or something and fix him up right there on the spot. b1600 It is a really humorous story that I enjoy his telling every time we are to-gether at an event. Senator C
OATS has a great sense of humor. While his time in the Senate has come to an end, I am also confident he will continue to be a voice and an advocate for the issues he cares about most. Our State and our country are lucky to have benefited from the service of a great man like Senator D
ANCOATS . I wish D
ANand Marsha all the best. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), who represents the Sixth Dis-trict. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, when given the opportunity to say some-thing nice about D
ANCOATS , I didn’t want to pass it up. If I could give one word to describe U.S. Senator D
AN C
OATS , it would be ‘‘Hoosier.’’ He is a person of grace and humility, hard work and humor. He never worried about who got credit, loved his coun-try, and made the sacrifices through his life and career to make our country better. I am honored to call D
ANa friend, and I appreciate his mentorship of our entire delegation in the time that I have had an opportunity to serve here. I suspect D
AN’s service for our country isn’t quite over yet, and I look forward to whatever he does next. One of the other great things about D
ANCOATS is he is a family man. I cer-tainly wish D
AN, Marsha, and their en-tire family a great future. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman is right. I don’t know if D
ANCOATS will ever be able to retire. I know he wants to. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ), who is from the Third Congressional District in the northeast. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I just want to stand here in front of this House and this body to honor our Sen-ator, D
ANCOATS , who served Indiana in so many different capacities. I actually have the privilege of representing his district, the Third District in north-east Indiana. We have such a long line of great leaders from northeast Indiana who have served here in Washington from our State, and D
ANCOATS , of course, exemplified a man of character, hum-bleness, and leadership. He followed former Vice President Dan Quayle. I also would like to recognize him as well. He is another man who showed leadership for our State here in Wash-ington, D.C. Both of those gentlemen have been heroes and models for me growing up, watching both of them as they took time to come to Washington and show what Hoosier leadership is all about. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for honoring them today. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. In closing this out, Mr. Speaker, I would like to say that Indiana has pro-duced no shortage of great statesmen, as we reflected on this last half hour, and Senator DANCOATS has indis-putably joined their ranks after dec-ades of service to both our State and to our country. My own history with Sen-ator C
OATS goes way back to when I was an intern in his Senate office. If he were on this floor today, Mr. Speaker, I am sure he would say that I was one of the worst interns he ever had. None-theless, he started my career in poli-tics with that unpaid job that was one of the best experiences of my life. He has conservative leadership, and I know that he was anxious to get back to helping out the office and do what-ever he could for the State of Indiana, however he could. Since those many years ago, since those first observations that I have had of Senator C
OATS , he has gone from Senator, to U.S. Ambassador to Ger-many, and back to Senator again. It is a long and distinguished career full of dedication to right ideals and the de-sire to fight for what is best for all Hoosier families and what is best for Americans. I appreciate all of the work, as we all do, that Senator C
OATS has done and the causes he has advocated for and for his counsel. As I have said, I don’t know if he is actually going to be able to retire at this time, but whatever his desire, he deserves it. I have no doubt that he will continue to represent the best interests of our State and this country even after his time in the Senate has come to an end. I would like to issue a heartfelt thank- you for all of his work, and I wish him my best on all his future endeavors. Again, Mr. Speaker, I hope you will please join us all in wishing Indiana a happy birthday on this wonderful occa-sion of our 200th anniversary. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and recognition of Senator D
ANCOATS , a U.S. Army veteran, former Member of the House of Representatives, United States Ambassador to Germany and a great Hoosier. I’ve had the pleasure of serving with Senator C
OATS as a fellow member of the Indiana delegation since my first term in 2013. In fact, the first legislation that I introduced and got passed into law was a bill that I worked on with Senator C
OATS and his team, the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act. During his time in the Senate, he has been a passionate advocate for Hoosiers, working on policies that are focused on getting more Americans back to work and getting our econ-omy back on track. His leadership will be missed, but I know that he and his wife Mar-sha will continue to do great things that make a difference for Hoosiers as they begin this next chapter of their lives. Thank you, Senator C
OATS , for all of your work to represent our great state of Indiana, and best wishes as you embark on your next adventure. GENERAL LEAVE Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? There was no objection. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agrees to the con-ference report accompanying the bill (S. 2943) ‘‘An Act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’ 
f 
ABROGATING OUR NATURAL RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, this is supposed to be our last day in formal session, actual session, of the year. There may be something coming up. I always worry about unanimous consent requests when nobody is here. I know the administration likes to brag that it has been a good year for enforcing the border, but this story from Brooke Singman says: The number of unaccompanied chil-dren crossing into the U.S. from Mex-ico nearly doubled this year citing from Border Patrol figures. Hopefully, we will get the Trump ad-ministration moving as quickly as they indicate they intend to. It is worth noting that this story came out from The Hill. Mark Hensch said that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind behind 9/11, says that in his view, immigration into the United States is al Qaeda’s deadliest weapon against the United States. That is what he has apparently indi-cated. A witness said: 
From his perspective, the long war for Is-lamic domination wasn’t going to be won in the streets with bombs and bullets and bloodshed. No, it would be won in the minds of the American people. 
This is Khalid Sheikh Mohammed’s thinking. Thank God—literally, thank God—that President Obama has not re-leased the mastermind as he has so many others who have contributed to the deaths of Americans. But Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the 9/ 11 mastermind, said: 
The terror attacks were good, but the ‘‘practical’’ way to defeat America was through immigration and by out-breeding non-Muslims. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.084 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7562 December 8, 2016 
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed: 
Jihadi-minded brothers would immigrate into the United States, taking advantage of the welfare system to support themselves while they spread their jihadi message. They will wrap themselves in America’s rights and laws for protection, ratchet up ac-ceptance of sharia law, and then, only when they were strong enough, rise up and vio-lently impose sharia from within. He said the brothers would relentlessly continue their attacks and the American people even-tually would become so tired, so frightened and so weary of war they would just want it to end. 
According to Khalid Sheikh Moham-med, that is when radical Islam— sharia law—would take over for the United States, and the Constitution of the United States would no longer have meaning here. It is rather interesting. When we find out exactly what the enemies of free-dom have in the way of plans to de-stroy our liberty and freedom, it really should catch the attention of some of our United States Federal Government. We passed a bill today, and I love and respect the people that pushed for it, but I need to make further comment about it. This was H.R. 4919. It is a bill that was supposed to be just a reau-thorization. Well, it has got a program, and people that start these kinds of things, knowing where they will end up, start with a small amount of money. If you start with just millions, then you can go later on from there. When you paint it as being simply to help families who have autistic or Alz-heimer’s patients, people with demen-tia, things that Americans like me un-derstand because we have had family members who, because of organic prob-lems, a very brilliant person can be-come confused, not know where they are and become lost. But life here in Congress would be so much easier if I simply would not read the bills. This bill creates a Federal tracking program, and it starts with Alz-heimer’s patients and autism patients, people with those disabilities. It also includes, according to the bill, develop-mental disabilities, and that is broad enough that you can start including all kinds of things now that the law has been passed. My understanding, it is told that in the Senate it was likewise breezed through. Somebody went on the Senate floor when other Senators weren’t there, maybe two people or so, and said: I ask unanimous consent that this bill be passed; hearing no objection, so ordered. It was not much of a vote. We didn’t even have a hearing in subcommittee or committee where we bring wit-nesses, talk to experts, talk to people involved, see what the problem is and see if the cure is worse than the prob-lem. We didn’t have that. We didn’t have constitutional experts talk about the indications for our future freedom. Instead, we got this bill. I am grate-ful that proponents tried to fix things, but as I read through it, the fixes didn’t really fix things. This program that is supposed to help people with mental health issues—confusion, get-ting lost, and dying. We know these things happen. There is nothing any-where in the law that prevents a parent from having something that helps that parent track or keep track of their au-tistic child or child with, according to this bill, developmental disabilities— nothing. There is nothing that keeps a guardian from using some kind of tracking methodology to keep up with someone who has Alzheimer’s. Yes, I know it is a serious issue; but why wasn’t this left, then, to the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices if it is really just a mental health issue? The answer is it was left to the Attorney General and to the Depart-ment of Justice because the truth is, if it would need to expand, that is where they want it to expand. We were assured that this is strictly voluntary; but once you have a pro-gram in place, it is very easy for some-one to file a petition and ask a judge, such as I once was back in Texas: Here are the indications. We need an order for the good of this person and the safe-ty of the public so that this person can be tracked. It is not just a danger to themselves, the bill talks about, or an injury that could be caused by the patient. We know from the Department of Home-land Security that many in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security think the biggest threat for hate crimes, for de-struction and death in America are from people who are veterans that may like the idea of the Second Amendment allowing them to keep guns. b1615 They are people who believe the Con-stitution should be literally followed, and the words that the Constitution ac-tually says should be followed. The Founders of this country would be, of course—if they were around today—at the top of this administration’s no-fly list because they wanted liberty above all, they wanted freedom. They did not want a government that interceded into their own personal private deci-sions and lives. Now we have this bill. The attorney general will tell us what the rules are because the bill says he or she will, and the attorney general will set up the best practices. I know that there is lan-guage added that says: Oh, no, the par-ent or guardian, they have to volun-tarily use this program; it is not force-ful. Well, no, the grants are not for any-one except voluntary, but I can guar-antee you the program will ultimately be used to involuntarily place tracking information on people. Then, despite some of my friends in Congress saying, This is really not a danger, it is nothing to worry about, I get back to the office and my staff hands me an article regarding Japan. And, lo and behold, it is from Yahoo News. ‘‘Japan Tags Dementia Sufferers With Barcodes.’’ And the article goes on to point out that in Japan, where, until after World War II and the sur-render in 1945, Japan had a history of submitting to whatever the emperor, the totalitarian leader, dictated. Well, now in Japan, they have come up with the best way of tracking peo-ple. It is by putting barcodes on fin-gers. All you need is a barcode on one finger, a barcode on one toe, and then the Japanese Government will be able to accurately and adequately track people they are concerned about. So I don’t think anybody needs to be worried about the government having this Orwellian program unless, per-haps, they are Christian, because the Commission on Civil Rights thinks that people who talk about religious freedom, religious liberty, Christians that use words like ‘‘evangelical,’’ that those are the biggest threat, perhaps, for hate in America because of the ig-norance in this administration. It is nothing against them personally. It is just all of us are ignorant in some areas. Apparently, in this administration, there is widespread ignorance over the fact that Christianity is the religion based on love; that God so loved the world, he would send his son, and that his son would so love the world, he would lay down his life for his friends, which he, Jesus, said was the greatest love. True Christians follow the teach-ings of Jesus just as most Muslims try to do; to follow the teachings of Jesus. Anyway, if you are a Christian, or you believe the Constitution should be literally followed, or you believe that you should have a right to keep and bear arms under the Second Amend-ment, or you believe the Tenth Amend-ment means what it says, that any power not specifically enumerated for the Federal Government, it is reserved to the States and people, anybody that believes those kind of things is really a threat, according to some in this ad-ministration and some in what has be-come more of a permanent govern-ment. Administrations come and go, but we have got liberals that are so tolerant, they want to take away the rights of anybody with whom they disagree. The blacklist experts. They talk about blacklists of the fifties, and they go be-yond anything that the fifties may have had in store for those who wanted to bring down the United States Gov-ernment. Anyway, there just was not enough attention paid to this bill. It breaks my heart—and I am not kidding, I am not being sarcastic—that there were some that were pushing for this bill that have some of the biggest hearts, that want to do more to help people— and I am afraid because of the bill’s passage today, and I am sure the Presi-dent will sign it into law, gee, we get to track people we are concerned about in America, maybe we will use a barcode. If we can have the attorney general, in his opinion, find that a subcuta-neous chip implant is noninvasive, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.087 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7563 December 8, 2016 
then we can do that. But maybe the barcode would be better than a chip. Anyway, we have passed the pro-gram. Someday, I am very afraid for my dear friends that push this bill that history will not so much remember the wonderful things they have fought for in this legislative body, the great moral issues they have stood for, but one day they will be remembered as the ones who quietly pushed this bill through that allowed a Federal Gov-ernment to begin tracking for the first- time students—not students, but young people, whether they are students or not, people with disabilities. I am sure we will be seeing the attorney general add definition, since it is up to her, or someday him, perhaps, to determine what really is developmental dis-ability. So those things are coming. People need to be aware of them. Perhaps someday we will have a Congress before it is too late that will back up and say: Wait a minute, we are not going to be funding with Federal taxpayer dollars a tracking system for American citi-zens. I had some colleague say: Well, I could have voted for it if it was only people who were known terrorists, but we don’t want to track known terror-ists. This bill would be considered an abomination if we tried to put a barcode or a chip into a known ter-rorist in the United States. No, this needs to be reserved for people who get confused, and so it goes. In the words of Billy Joel: 
So it goes, and you are the only one who knows. 
So also being as how this week in-cluded the 75th anniversary of the day of infamy when right at that level the President of the United States, Frank-lin D. Roosevelt, said—actually, 75 years ago today, he said: 
Yesterday, December 7, 1941—a date which will live in infamy—the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately at-tacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan. 
He went on. It is about a page-and-a- half speech, double spaced. And he con-cludes by saying: 
With confidence in our own forces—with the unbounded determination of our people— we will gain the inevitable triumph—so help us God. 
It is interesting, Roosevelt so often referred to God. He is the only Amer-ican President, which I am aware, who went on national radio, or TV, but he went on radio—that is what they had at the time—on D-day, when thousands of American troops were landing in France on the beaches, thousands were being killed, and he led the Nation in a Christian prayer on national radio. Why? Because he was a true leader of the United States. He knew our Nation was in great trouble. So the natural thing to do was lead the Nation in prayer. If we go back to the man who is called the Father of the Constitution, as I understand it, the Federal Govern-ment mandates a test to be taught in order for people to get a little bit of the money that they send from their States to Washington, D.C., to the De-partment of Education. The Depart-ment of Education, if you do what they tell you, will send you a little bit back of your own money. So they don’t re-quire that the statements of our con-stitutional Founders be learned. My understanding is the biggest thing the current folks want to be taught and learned about World War II is not that America was attacked. There was a day of infamy and that America was fighting and losing lives around the world, not as much for America, but for liberty, for freedom; that there would be places in the world where people could live and have op-portunity and make their own deci-sions without the forces of radical Islam, which had joined forces with the Nazis and with the emperor in Japan. But if you go back to James Madison, he said: We have staked the whole future of Amer-ican civilization, not on the power of govern-ment; far from it. We have staked the future of all of our political institutions upon the capacity of mankind for self-government; upon the capacity of each and all of us to govern ourselves, to control ourselves, to sustain ourselves according to the Ten Com-mandments of God. 
That is rather important. That is why if you go through the writings, the pronouncements, the proclamations, the laws of the United States for the first 100, 150 years or so, we finally got the Constitution to a place where peo-ple understood you can’t have slavery legally exist under a constitution that grants freedom. Thank God, they fi-nally got past the ridiculous decision in Dred Scott, and we got past the Civil War. In 1890, there was a case that the Su-preme Court sat in on, 136 U.S. 1 (1890). The Supreme Court said this: 
It is contrary to the spirit of Christianity and the civilization, which Christianity has produced in the western world. 
Two years later, in the case of United States v. Church of the Holy Trinity, the Supreme Court went on for pages talking about the evidence of Christi-anity in America not so that Christi-anity would be forced or imposed on anyone, but as Madison understood, and as Adams understood, and as Wash-ington understood, you could not main-tain self-government, a democratic Re-public where we will elect representa-tives as our servants. You can’t main-tain that if it is not a religious and a moral people. That cannot be a major-ity of religious and moral people who believe that the Constitution must to-tally be subjugated to a particular law, whether that be Sharia or others. So in the Declaration of Independ-ence—this is the Supreme Court citing this in their 1892 decision: 
The Declaration of Independence recog-nizes the presence of the Divine in human af-fairs in these words: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights . . . appealing to the Su-preme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions . . . And for the support of this Declaration, with firm reliance on Pro-tection of Define Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor.’’ b1630 When I saw a copy of the original Treaty of Paris of 1783, in which we forced England to swear under some-thing so important that they would not want to break the oath, what do you come up with to get Great Britain—the most powerful country in the world with the most powerful navy and army—to swear under that they would not willingly be wanting to break that oath? The big words—huge letters— starting the treaty that recognized our independence for the first time starts out: 
In the Name of the most Holy and undi-vided Trinity, that is Father, Son, Holy Ghost. 
The opinion goes on and cites so many examples of Christianity in America. They say: 
We are a Christian people, and the moral-ity of the country is deeply engrafted upon Christianity and not upon the doctrines of worship of those impostors. 
It goes on and reads after many more recitations: 
These and many other matters which might be noticed add a volume of unofficial declaration to the mass of organic utter-ances that this is a Christian nation. We find everywhere a clear recognition of the same truth. The happiness of a people and the good order and preservation of civil govern-ment essentially depend upon piety, religion, and morality. 
Not that we would ever force Chris-tian beliefs on anyone, but as we find historically—and as even a Muslim leader and a descendant of Muhammad told General Jay Garner in Iraq when he was inquiring as to what kind of government we should have—he said it should be based on the teachings of Jesus because that descendant of Mu-hammad—that Muslim leader—under-stood that it is, really, only if you have a government that is under the teach-ings of Jesus where an atheist, a Bud-dhist, Hindu, Islam—any religion—can prosper without fear so long as they do not try to undo the Constitution of the United States. Franklin Roosevelt, so endeared to liberals in this Nation, on December 24, 1933, said: 
This year marks a greater national under-standing of the significance in our modern lives of the teaching of Him whose birth we celebrate. To more and more of us, the words ‘‘thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself’’ have taken on a meaning that is showing itself and proving itself in our purposes and in our daily lives. May the practice of that high ideal grow in us all in the year to come. I give you and send you, one and all, old and young, a Merry Christmas and a truly happy new year. And so, for now and for always, God bless us, everyone. 
Another example is from Franklin Roosevelt on December 21, 2 short 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.088 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7564 December 8, 2016 
weeks after the bombing at Pearl Har-bor. I won’t read the whole thing, but it is deeply moving, and he finishes by saying: 
Our strongest weapon in this war is that conviction of the dignity and brotherhood of man, which Christmas Day signifies. Against enemies who preach the principles of hate and practice them, we set our faith in human love and in God’s care for us and all men ev-erywhere. Our strength, as the strength of all men everywhere, is of greater avail as God upholds us. 
In 1942, on Christmas Eve, he finished by saying: 
It is significant that tomorrow, Christmas Day, our plants and factories will be stilled. That is not true of the other holidays we have long been accustomed to celebrate. On all other holidays, work goes on—gladly for the winning of the war. So Christmas be-comes the only holiday in all the year. I like to think this is so because Christmas is a holy day. 
John F. Kennedy, on December 17, 1962, said these words—and I won’t read the whole thing—in the conclusion: 
This has been a year of peril where the peace has been sorely threatened, but it has been a year when peril was faced and when reason ruled. As a result, we may talk at this Christmas just a little bit more confidently of peace on Earth, goodwill to men; and, as a result, the hopes of the American people are, perhaps, a little higher. We have much yet to do. We still have to ask that God bless everyone. 
Then last for today, before we ad-journ for Christmas, Ronald Reagan, on December 19, 1988, concluded his Christmas address by saying: 
Our compassion and concern this Christ-mas and all year long will mean much to the hospitalized, the homeless, the convalescent, the orphaned, and it will surely lead us on our way to the joy and peace of Bethlehem and the Christ Child who bids us come, for it is only in finding and living the eternal meaning of the Nativity that we can be truly happy, truly at peace, truly home. 
I conclude, Mr. Speaker, as Ronald Reagan did: Merry Christmas, and God bless you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
AGREEMENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE FEDERA-TIVE REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–186) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to section 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Social Security Amendments of 1977 (Public Law 95–216, 42 U.S.C. 433(e)(1)), I transmit herewith a social security totalization agreement with Brazil, ti-tled ‘‘Agreement on Social Security be-tween the United States of America and the Federative Republic of Brazil,’’ and a related agreement titled ‘‘Ad-ministrative Arrangement between the Competent Authorities of the United States of America and the Federative Republic of Brazil for the Implementa-tion of the Agreement on Social Secu-rity’’ (collectively the ‘‘Agreements’’). The Agreements were signed in Wash-ington, D.C., on June 30, 2015. The Agreements are similar in objec-tive to the social security agreements already in force with most European Union countries, Australia, Canada, Chile, Japan, Norway, the Republic of Korea, and Switzerland. Such bilateral agreements provide for limited coordi-nation between the United States and foreign social security systems to eliminate dual social security coverage and taxation and to help prevent the lost benefit protection that can occur when workers divide their careers be-tween two countries. The Agreements contain all provi-sions mandated by section 233 of the Social Security Act and other provi-sions that I deem appropriate to carry out the purposes of section 233, pursu-ant to section 233(c)(4) of the Social Se-curity Act. I also transmit for the information of the Congress a report required by sec-tion 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act on the estimated number of individuals who will be affected by the Agreements and the Agreements’ estimated cost ef-fect. The Department of State and the Social Security Administration have recommended the Agreements to me. I commend the Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and the Federative Republic of Brazil and the Administrative Ar-rangement between the Competent Au-thorities of the United States of Amer-ica and the Federative Republic of Brazil for the Implementation of the Agreement on Social Security. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 8, 2016. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 34. An act to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 817. An act to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon. S. 818. An act to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions, and for other purposes. S. 2873. An act to require studies and re-ports examining the use of, and opportuni-ties to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. S. 3076. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for cas-kets or urns, and for other purposes. S. 3492. An act to designate the Traverse City VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Traverse City, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 4 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Decem-ber 12, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and third quarters of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY  1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Bob Goodlatte ................................................. 6 /25 7 /3 England, Belgium, Netherlands, & Switzerland. .................... 1,107.00 .................... 2,729.16 .................... 2,336.00 .................... 6,172.16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K08DE7.090 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7565 December 8, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY  1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016— Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Steve King ....................................................... 6 /26 7 /5 England, Belgium, Netherlands, & Switzerland. .................... 851.00 .................... 8,329.00 .................... 1,992.00 .................... 11,172.00 Vishal Amin ............................................................. 6 /25 7 /3 England, Belgium, Netherlands, & Switzerland. .................... 1,107.00 .................... 2,729.16 .................... 2,336.00 .................... 6,172.16 Christopher Grieco ................................................... 6 /25 7 /3 England, Belgium, Netherlands, & Switzerland. .................... 1,107.00 .................... 2,729.16 .................... 2,336.00 .................... 6,172.16 Hon. Louie Gohmert ................................................. 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Hon. Bob Goodlatte ................................................. 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Hon. Doug Collins .................................................... 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Hon. Mike Bishop .................................................... 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Hon. Sheila Jackson Lee .......................................... 8 /1 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 494.00 .................... (
3) .................... 897.00 .................... 1,391.00 Hon. Scott Peters ..................................................... 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Shelley Husband ...................................................... 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Branden Ritchie ....................................................... 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Ryan Breitenbach .................................................... 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Joe Graupensperger ................................................. 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 John Manning .......................................................... 7 /28 8 /5 Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, & Slovakia. .................... 960.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,795.22 .................... 2,755.22 Hon. Trent Franks .................................................... 7 /29 8 /2 Haiti .......................................... ............ .................... 555.00 .................... 697.00 .................... 620.00 .................... 1,872.00 Keenan Keller ........................................................... 7 /29 8 /2 Haiti ....................................... ............... .................... 555.00 .................... 697.00 .................... 620.00 .................... 1,872.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 15,376.00 .................... 17,910,48 .................... 29,089.00 ............... ..... 62,375.68 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Nov. 1, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Cordell Hull .............................................................. 7 /2 7 /4 Egypt ...................................... ............... .................... 573.00 .................... 9,505.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 10,078.00 Valerie Shen ............................................................ 7 /2 7 /4 Egypt ........................................ ............. .................... 573.00 .................... 9,505.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 10,078.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,2 40.00 .................... 1,240.00 Hon. Carolyn Maloney .............................................. 8 /6 8 /7 Cape Verde ......................................... .. .................... 197.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 197.00 8 /7 8 /10 Senegal ................................................. .................... 823.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 823.00 8 /10 8 /12 Liberia ................................................... .................... 658.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 658.00 8 /12 8 /14 Nigeria .................................................. .................... 1,042.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,042.00 8 /14 8 /15 Spain .................................................... .................... 253.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 253.00 Hon. Jason Chaffetz ................................................ 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal ........................................ ........ .................... 295.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 295.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 4,9 41.00 .................... 4,941.00 7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 498.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 10, 114.00 .................... 10,114,00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 711.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 4,6 40.00 .................... 4,640.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 305.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,7 58.00 .................... 1,758.00 Hon. Jason Chaffetz ................................................ 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ......................................... ...... .................... 232.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 232.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,3 30.00 .................... 3,330.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 647.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,4 51.00 .................... 3,451.00 Hon. Cynthia Lummis .............................................. 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal .......................................... ...... .................... 278.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 278.00 7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 498.00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 711.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 221.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 221.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 647.00 Hon. Gary Palmer .................................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal ....................................... ......... .................... 295.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 295.00 7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 498.00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 711.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 232.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 232.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 647.00 Hon. Mark Walker .................................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal ....................................... ......... .................... 330.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 330.00 7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 498.00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 711.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 232.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 232.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 647.00 Hon. Jody Hice ......................................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal .................................... ............ .................... 308.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 308.00 7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 498.00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 711.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 221.00 .................... ..............
...... .................... .................... .................... 221.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 647.00 Jennifer Hemingway ................................................. 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal ........................................ ........ .................... 278.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 278.00 7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 498.00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 711.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 221.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 221.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 647.00 Meghan Berroya ....................................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal ...................................... .......... .................... 308.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 308.00 7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 498.00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 711.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 221.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 221.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 647.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.061 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7566 December 8, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Mark DeSaulnier .............................................. 7 /19 7 /20 Jordan ........................................... ........ .................... 570.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 570.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 232.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 232.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 647.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,449.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,449.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 24,672.00 .................... 20,459.00 .................... 29,474.00 ............... ..... 74,605.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Nov. 23, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7816. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Administration for Children and Fam-ilies, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Head Start Program (RIN: 0970-AC63) received December 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 7817. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Guanidinoacetic Acid [Docket No.: FDA-2015-F-2337] received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7818. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of Inspector General, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Medi-care and State Health Care Programs: Fraud and Abuse; Revisions to the Safe Harbors Under the Anti-Kickback Statute and Civil Monetary Penalty Rules Regarding Bene-ficiary Inducements (RIN: 0936-AA06) Decem-ber 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7819. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of Inspector General, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Medi-care and State Health Care Programs: Fraud and Abuse; Revisions to the Office of Inspec-tor General’s Civil Monetary Penalty Rules (RIN: 0936-AA04) received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 7820. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Arkansas River; Little Rock, AR [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0887] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5253. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 and the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to improve visa se-curity, visa applicant vetting, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–850, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3094. A bill to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to transfer to States the authority to manage red snapper fish-eries in the Gulf of Mexico; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–851). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 5003. A bill to reauthor-ize child nutrition programs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–852, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5033. A bill to improve the Governmentwide management of unnecessarily duplicative Government programs and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–853). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 1738. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to modernize and implement the national integrated pub-lic alert and warning system to disseminate homeland security information and other in-formation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–854, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4383. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to enhance De-partment of Homeland Security coordination on how to identify and record information regarding individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–855, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3062. A bill to prohibit the use of eminent domain in carrying out certain projects (Rept. 114–856, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4579. A bill to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared man-agement of the withdrawn land by the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public ac-cess to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–857, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5714. A bill to restore the financial solvency and improve the governance of the United States Postal Service in order to ensure the efficient and affordable nationwide delivery of mail, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–858, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5707. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for certain index fund investments from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–859, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6008. A bill to provide transit benefits to Federal employ-ees who use the services of transportation network companies within the national cap-ital region, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–860, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5204. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled, with an amendment (Rept. 114–861, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4220. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–862). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5879. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities; with an amendment (Rept. 114–863). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1738 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3062 referred to the Committee of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.061 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7567 December 8, 2016 
the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4383 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 4579 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5003 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5204 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5707 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5714 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 6008 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
REPORTED BILLS SEQUENTIALLY REFERRED Under clause 2 of rule XII, bills and reports were delivered to the Clerk for printing, and bills referred as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3062. A bill to prohibit the use of eminent domain in carrying out certain projects; referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period ending not later than December 8, 2016, for consider-ation of such provisions of the bill as fall within the jurisdiction of that committee pursuant to clause 1(f) of rule X (Rept. 114– 856, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5707. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for certain index fund investments from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund, and for other purposes; referred to the Com-mittee on the Budget for a period ending not later than December 8, 2016, for consider-ation of such provisions of the bill as fall within the jurisdiction of that committee pursuant to clause 1(d) of rule X (Rept. 114– 859, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO (for himself, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, and Ms. K APTUR ): H.R. 6476. A bill to amend the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 and the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 to restrict the lobbying activities of former political appointees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. COHEN , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. C ON-
YERS ): H.R. 6477. A bill to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title; con-sidered and passed. considered and passed. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6478. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide criminal and civil remedies for publication of personally identi-fiable information with the intent to do harm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 6479. A bill to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. NUNES (for himself and Mr. S
CHIFF ): H.R. 6480. A bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Intelligence Com-munity Management Account, and the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). considered and passed. considered and passed. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 6481. A bill to promote and enhance urban agricultural production and agricul-tural research in urban areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6482. A bill to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterter-rorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 6483. A bill to encourage the develop-ment, certification, and adoption of environ-mentally sustainable swine waste disposal technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6484. A bill to acknowledge the funda-mental injustice and the subsequent de jure and de facto racial and economic discrimina-tion against those African-Americans im-pacted by the ‘‘War on Drugs‘‘ and the subse-quent disparate and discriminatory mass in-carceration, to determine the role that pri-vate corporations played in the prison indus-trial complex, to determine the impact of these forces on their families, to make rec-ommendations to the Congress on appro-priate remedies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. E DWARDS , and Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE): H.R. 6485. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 to develop and test an ex-panded and advanced role for direct care workers who provide long-term services and supports to older individuals in efforts to co-ordinate care and improve the efficiency of service delivery; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6486. A bill to require, as a condition on the receipt of Federal funds, that States require law enforcement agencies to have in effect a policy regarding the use of body- worn cameras and dashboard cameras; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 6487. A bill to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to engage in credit risk transfer transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6488. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to remove the exemption from reg-istration for certain private activity bonds, to authorize the Securities and Exchange Commission to require the preparation of periodic reports by issuers of municipal secu-rities, to authorize the Securities and Ex-change Commission to establish baseline mandatory disclosure in primary offerings of such securities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6489. A bill to preserve Social Secu-rity for generations to come, reward work, and improve retirement security; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 6490. A bill to invest in innovation through research and development, and to improve the competitiveness of the United States; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Oversight and Government Re-form, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 6491. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 6492. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reduce the mortgage in-terest deduction relating to acquisition in-debtedness for certain taxpayers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6493. A bill to ensure that members of the uniformed services will have access to information to make informed choices re-garding the retirement options to be made available to members; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6494. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to provide that any absentee ballot may be mailed free of postage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.029 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7568 December 8, 2016 
By Mr. VEASEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas): H.R. 6495. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security, with respect to individ-uals who have timely filed a DACA renewal request, to provide a short-term, interim grant of deferred action and employment au-thorization when there is a delay in proc-essing the renewal request because of a serv-ice disruption or other technical problem that causes adjudications to stop or stall; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): H.R. 6496. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to establish a small claims sys-tem within the Copyright Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 6497. A bill to require screening trans-parency and accountability of the TSA, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. T
ITUS, and Mr. C OHEN ): H.R. 6498. A bill to require the disclosure of the Federal income tax returns of the Presi-dent; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6499. A bill to permit the expungement of records of certain non-violent criminal offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARNEY , and Mr. H IMES): H.R. 6500. A bill to establish a Mortgage Credit Risk Sharing Pilot Program at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M OORE , Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. W ELCH ): H.R. 6501. A bill to establish within the Food and Drug Administration the Prescrip-tion Drug and Medical Device Price Review Board to regulate the prices of certain pre-scription drugs and medical devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, and the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 6502. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to require new schoolbuses to be equipped with three-point safety belts at each designated seating position; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 6503. A bill to facilitate services and support to prevent the abandonment of women and children by alleviating the phys-ical, financial, social, emotional, and other difficulties that may be encountered during pregnancy and childrearing; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. WELCH , Ms. L EE, Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. M
ASSIE ): H.R. 6504. A bill to prohibit the use of United States Government funds to provide assistance to Al Qaeda, Jabhat Fateh al- Sham, and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and to countries supporting those organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6505. A bill to require that jurisdic-tions receiving Byrne JAG funds have in place an independent civilian review board for the purpose of reviewing allegations of brutality and civil rights violations made against law enforcement officers of the law enforcement agency of that jurisdiction; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6506. A bill to provide that the Presi-dent shall be financially responsible for any additional security measures imposed on property in which the President holds an ownership interest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6507. A bill to amend section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), to require an agency to release the Federal income tax returns of the President upon re-quest, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 6508. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require that underground injection control programs prevent seis-micity induced by underground injection ac-tivities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6509. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to improve the submission of proof of military service for purposes of interest rate limitations under such Act; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 6510. A bill to provide for the tem-porary resettlement of Syrian children in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6511. A bill to amend section 953 of title 18, United States Code (commonly called the Logan Act) to clarify the applica-tion of that section to Presidents-elect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Ms. H
ER-
RERA BEUTLER , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6512. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make loans and loan guarantees for constructing or ren-ovating, or planning construction or renova-tion of, qualified psychiatric and substance abuse treatment facilities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6513. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand health savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 6514. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to redirect user fees assessed of health insurance issuers on Federal Exchanges, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M
ESSER , and Mr. S TUTZMAN ): H.R. 6515. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to clarify the application of the rule for counting resi-dent time in nonprovider settings; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 6516. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to expand eligibility for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, to establish a minimum period of care or services under such program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 6517. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to post at certain locations the average national wait times for veterans to receive an appointment for health care at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. PITTS (for himself, Mr. F
LO-
RES, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. M
ULLIN ): H.R. 6518. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to improve the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission (MACPAC); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 6519. A bill to protect any State or local authority that limits or restricts com-pliance with an immigration detainer re-quest remains eligible for grants and appro-priated funds; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6520. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 to authorize services to be provided to individuals with Alzheimer’s dis-ease or a related disorder with neurological and organic brain dysfunction who have not attained 60 years of age; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6521. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08DE7.100 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7569 December 8, 2016 
allowed for student loan interest and to ex-clude from gross income discharges of in-come contingent or income-based student loan indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 6522. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a certain study by the Defense Business Board regard-ing potential cost savings in the Department of Defense and to provide for expedited con-sideration of legislation to implement such cost savings; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. C
AR-
SONof Indiana, Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-ida, Ms. K
USTER , Ms. L EE, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 6523. A bill to amend the Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 to require the notification of institutions of postsecondary education of public safety concerns; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 6524. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a nonregulatory program to support restoration and protec-tion efforts in the Hudson-Mohawk River Basin region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6525. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to re-quire students to undergo lead screenings; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. SHUSTER: H. Con. Res. 183. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 612; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ROYCE: H. Res. 951. A resolution denouncing the wrongful and unjust seizure and confiscation of private property of Iranians both inside and outside of Iran, including United States citizens of Iranian descent, by the Govern-ment of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. L EE, Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S ABLAN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. B ERA, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. PETERS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B
ECERRA , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ): H. Res. 952. A resolution recognizing the immense contributions of Congressman Mi-chael M. Honda throughout his tenure in Congress; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. K EATING , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S
HERMAN , and Ms. S PEIER ): H. Res. 953. A resolution recognizing the 68th anniversary of the Universal Declara-tion of Human Rights and the celebration of ‘‘Human Rights Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D OLD, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. B OST): H. Res. 954. A resolution congratulating the Chicago Cubs on winning the 2016 Major League Baseball World Series; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. D
UN-
CAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. P
ALLONE , and Mr. R OS-
KAM): H. Res. 955. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the progress of peace and justice, ac-countability, and reconciliation in Sri Lanka after 26 years of a debilitating armed conflict, and support for inclusive develop-ment and a strong and enduring relationship between the United States and Sri Lanka; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6476. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 6477. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this legislation is based is found in article I, sec-tion 8, clause 9; article III, section 1, clause 3; and article III, section 2, clause 2, of the Constitution, which grant Congress author-ity over federal courts. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6478. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 6479. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 6480. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, including those under Title 50, are carried out to support the national security inter-ests of the United States, to enable the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in executing the for-eign policy of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to . . . pro-vide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘. . . to raise and support armies . . .’’; to ‘‘make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water’’; and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all other Pow-ers vesting in the Constitution in the Gov-ernment of the United States, or in any De-partment or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6481. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6482. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 6483. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, the general welfare clause. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6484. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to . . . provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States . . .’’; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6485. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6486. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States . . .’’; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 6487. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08DE7.100 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7570 December 8, 2016 
Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6488. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 3 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6489. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution, to ‘‘lay and collect taxes . . . and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 6490. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 6491. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-erty Clause) Under this clause, Congress has the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By virtue of this enumerated power, Congress has governing authority over the lands, ter-ritories, or other property of the United States—and with this authority Congress is vested with the power to all owners in fee, the ability to sell, lease, dispose, exchange, convey, or simply preserve land. The Su-preme Court has described this enumerated grant as one ‘‘without limitation’’ Kleppe v New Mexico, 426 U.S. 529, 542–543 (1976) (‘‘And while the furthest reaches of the power granted by the Property Clause have not been definitely resolved, we have repeatedly observed that the power over the public land thus entrusted to Congress is without limita-tion.’’) Historically, the federal government trans-ferred ownership of federal property to either private ownership or the states in order to pay off large Revolutionary War debts and to assist with the development of infrastruc-ture. The transfers codified by this legisla-tion are thus constitutional. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 6492. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 and Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6493. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6494. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Twenty-Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution prohibiting the payment of poll tax in elections for federal officials. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6495. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 6496. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 6497. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 6498. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6499. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 6500. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The primary constitutional authority for this bill is Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 6501. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 6502. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, United States Constitution By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 6503. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for this bill is pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6504. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6505. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6506. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6507. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 6508. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6509. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Sec-tion 8, the reported bill is authorized by Con-gress’ power ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces.’’ By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 6510. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6511. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office there-of. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 6512. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 6514. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United States Constitution This states that ‘‘Congress shall have power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 6515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 6516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 6517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’. By Mr. PITTS: H.R. 6518. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 6519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.057 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7571 December 8, 2016 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 6522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under: U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 13; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 14; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 6524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 303: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 333: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 446: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 707: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 759: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 797: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 825: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 849: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1089: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1095: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1130: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1170: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1220: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1258: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 1312: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1399: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 1453: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1457: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M
ARINO , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas. H.R. 1559: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1688: Mr. C
UELLAR and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1733: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1974: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 2022: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2035: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2065: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2124: Ms. M
OORE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2138: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2143: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. K
IND, Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2293: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 2296: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2397: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2430: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 2450: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 2493: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N
ORTON , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2600: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2610: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2641: Mr. K
ATKO and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2694: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2698: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 2849: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 2858: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 2972: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3054: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3166: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3180: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3244: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3268: Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, Mr. S
ABLAN , and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 3390: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 3410: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3466: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3526: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3535: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3666: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 3742: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 3882: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 4162: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4456: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4519: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4524: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4558: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4592: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 4616: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4622: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4626: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 4756: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4784: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 4803: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4810: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4959: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5082: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 5090: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 5128: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 5183: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 5231: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 5235: Mr. B
ERAand Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 5406: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5410: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5426: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 5474: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 5584: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 5683: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5686: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5689: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 5695: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas. H.R. 5721: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5735: Mr. BUCSHON , Mrs. B ROOKS of In- diana, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5738: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 5758: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . H.R. 5779: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 5894: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 5956: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 5999: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 6012: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 6020: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 6117: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. S ABLAN , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 6147: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 6157: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 6226: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 6234: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 6236: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARK of Mas- sachusetts, Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 6253: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 6307: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 6340: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 6342: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 6382: Mr. K
EATING , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 6421: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. R
ENACCI , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6428: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 6433: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mr. G OH-
MERT . H.R. 6434: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 6443: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 6452: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 6453: Mr. D
ENTand Mr. R USH. H.R. 6468: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.J. Res. 47: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.J. Res. 102: Mr. S
HERMAN . H. Con. Res. 144: Mr. D
UFFY . H. Con. Res. 153: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. J OYCE . H. Con. Res. 171: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. B OST. H. Con. Res. 178: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Res. 28: Mr. Y
ODER . H. Res. 540: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. K
USTER . H. Res. 552: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H. Res. 590: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky and Mr. V
EASEY . H. Res. 831: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H. Res. 882: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H. Res. 899: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H. Res. 926: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia and Mr. V
EASEY . H. Res. 948: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J ACK-
SON LEE, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE7.060 H08DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6849 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2016 No. 177 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, in this season of peace on Earth, we acknowledge that You govern in the affairs of humanity. If a sparrow cannot fall to the ground with-out You noticing it, may our law-makers never think that You are indif-ferent to what they think, say, and do. Lord, keep them ever mindful of the scarcity of their days and the impor-tance of their work. May they seize life’s second chances to fulfill Your purposes on Earth. Transform the days of our Senators into redemptive mo-ments so that they will rise to the challenges of these momentous times. May they strive always to live worthy of Your great Name. Give them the wisdom to use Your precepts to avoid life’s pitfalls, enabling You to guide them through life’s seasons of darkness to a safe harbor. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 3516 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 3516) to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a best-prac-tices peer review of each medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs to evalu-ate the efficacy of health care delivered at each such medical center. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HARRY REID Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it seems like any speech about the Demo-cratic leader requires a mention of Searchlight, NV. There is a reason why that is. You cannot begin to under-stand the man until you understand where it all began, and here is where it began—a tiny mining town at the southern tip of Nevada. One teacher. Zero indoor plumbing. Miles of desert. That is Searchlight, at least the Searchlight H
ARRY REIDknew when he was growing up. It is the kind of place where you might learn to drive at 13 or spend your summer roping cattle with a cowboy named ‘‘Sharky.’’ In fact, if your name is ‘‘Harry Reid,’’ that is ex-actly what you did. H
ARRY grew up in a tiny wooden shack with a tin roof. He hitchhiked more than 40 miles to school and had a father who toiled in the hard rock mines. It goes without saying this was not an easy life. It taught some tough lessons, but H
ARRY had his escapes. He found one in the snap and crackle of his radio. Searchlight didn’t exactly have a radio station of its own, but every now and then, H
ARRY could pick up a faint signal from California. During the reg-ular season, it carried his favorite baseball team, the Indians. He can still rattle off Cleveland’s 1948 roster. Just ask him. HARRY himself played some baseball. He was the catcher in high school, and during his sophomore year, H
ARRY ’s team was crowned Nevada State cham-pions. Later, after a close game on the California coast, his team won the Ne-vada-Arizona-California tristate play-offs as well. H
ARRY still treasures the big white jackets each member of the team received, not because, under-stand, he was the best player on the team—H
ARRY says he wasn’t—but be-cause of what that jacket represented: his hard work, his contributions, his worth. Like many young men, H
ARRY once dreamed of a life in the majors, of cheering crowds and Commissioner’s Trophies. So did I. I wanted to throw fastballs for the Dodgers. H
ARRY want-ed to play center field at Fenway. We wound up as managers of two unruly franchises instead. As the leaders of our parties, we are charged with picking the batting order, controlling the pitch selection, and trying our best to manage 100 opening- day starters. It isn’t always easy. As H
ARRY has often pointed out, baseball represents a nice reprieve from the se-rious work of the Senate. So no matter how contentious the issue before us, we try to put politics aside—at least brief-ly—to trade our views on the Nats and Bryce Harper. H
ARRY is probably look-ing forward to having even more time to dedicate as a fan of the sport and never having to miss another game be-cause of votes. But if there is one thing H
ARRY loves more than baseball, it is his wife Landra and the family they built to-gether. When H
ARRY first met Landra Gould, the two of them were in high school, and H
ARRY was hardly con-flicted about his feelings for her. He re-called: 
She looked like she belonged in the mov-ies. She was smart [too]. And she’d been places. Out of my league, that’s for sure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.000 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6850 December 8, 2016 
But if there is one thing we know about H
ARRY , he doesn’t give up easily. It wasn’t long before the two of them were heading off on their first date. As many dates do, it started with a movie and ended—as no dates do—with Landra push-starting his car. H
ARRY  worried, as many of us might, that this could well be their first date and their last date. But then he looked over at Landra. She smiled as she pushed along beside him. He said it was the kind of smile that said: Who cares about the car? I am with you. It was a smile that has stayed with him ever since. H
ARRY  said: ‘‘There are moments that turn a life . . . that stay with you until the last breath, [and] this was one of those moments for me.’’ The Reids have never been strangers to pushing through challenges. They have confronted a lot over nearly six decades in marriage. But hand in hand, sweat on the brow, they have always moved forward together. Through it all, Landra has never stopped smiling and H
ARRY has never stopped counting every lucky star for Landra. His idea of the perfect night out is still a quiet night in with her. Landra is his con-fidant, his high school sweetheart, and his best friend. She is his everything. For a guy who grew up with nothing, that is something. H
ARRY REID didn’t have an easy childhood. He faced tragedy from a young age. There were times when he just wanted to leave Searchlight and never look back, but these experiences helped shape him too. This is a guy who has seen it all. He has been on the wrong side of electoral nail-biters, and he has been on the other side of them too. He even won a primary against somebody named ‘‘God Almighty.’’ H
ARRY will now retire as the longest serving U.S. Senator from his State with some three decades of Senate service behind him. It is clear that H
ARRY and I have two very different world views, two different ways of doing things, and two different sets of legislative priorities, but through the years we have come to understand some things about one another, and we have endeavored to keep our disagree-ments professional rather than per-sonal. We have also found some com-mon ground through baseball. I hardly know what it is like to serve here without H
ARRY —he came into of-fice just a couple short years after I did—but I do know this: Come next month, you will know where to find him. He will be right next to Landra, writing new chapters, making new memories, and continuing a love story that began with a smile more than 50 years ago. Today the Senate recognizes the Democratic leader for his many years of service to Nevada, to the country, and to his party. We wish him and Landra the best as they set off on their next journey. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. f 
THANKING MITCH M CCONNELL Mr. REID. M
ITCH, thank you very much for those nice remarks. Mr. President, I have heard for years—especially from the press and others—how do you get along with M
ITCH MCCONNELL ? It is obvious it is not very good. It is simple, everybody. He and I un-derstand our relationship. We are both lawyers. I have been to court lots of times, over 100 jury trials, and when I would go to those trials, I would really fix on my opponent. How could he feel that way about an issue? He is wrong on the law, he is wrong on the facts, and we are going to take care of this in court. Fortunately, I was fairly blessed with my trials; it turned out OK most of the time. But M
ITCH and I understand that is what we do here. When the trial was over—I have walked out of a courtroom with Neil Galatz or whoever it was—it was over with. It was gone. We were friends. We were there, each doing our thing to effect our cause, and that is what we do here. M
CCONNELL and R EIDdon’t need to be hugging out here every day. That is not what we do. We are advocates for our cause. I do the very best I can; he does the very best he can. And he laid that out just fine a few minutes ago. So this is not a love session for R
EID and M
CCONNELL , although I want ev-eryone here to know that M
ITCH M
CCONNELL is my friend. He and his wonderful wife have been kind and thoughtful to us. I have said that be-fore; let me repeat it. When Landra was in that very dreadful accident, they were there—letters, flowers. They took care of us. When Landra had the dev-astating breast cancer, they were there. When I hurt myself, M
ITCH called me. So everybody go ahead and make up all the stories you want about how we hate each other. Go ahead. But we don’t. If it makes a better story, go ahead and do it, but maybe somebody should write this. Thank you very much, M
ITCH. OK, everybody, now my final speech. 
f 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE Mr. REID. Mr. President, the history of Searchlight starts this way, the first paragraph of that book: 
Searchlight is like many Nevada towns and cities: it would never have come to be had gold not been discovered. Situated on rocky, windy, and arid terrain without artisan wells or surface water of any kind, the place we call Searchlight was not a gathering spot for Indian or animal. 
Searchlight. It is a long way from Searchlight in the U.S. Senate. I grew up during World War II in Searchlight. As Senator M
CCONNELL  mentioned, my dad was a miner, a hard-rock miner, an underground miner, but work wasn’t very good in Searchlight. The mines during World War II were especially gone—all over America but especially in Nevada. There were a few things that went on after the war, promotions. He would work, and sometimes they would pay him, sometimes there were bad checks that would bounce. Sometimes they wouldn’t pay him, they would just leave. My mom worked really hard. We had this old Maytag washer. There were lines outside. She worked really hard. Searchlight had about 250 people then. It had seen its better days. Searchlight was discovered in 1898 when gold was discovered, and for 15 or 18 years, it was a booming, booming town. It was one of the most modern cities in all of Nevada. It had elec-tricity—turn of the century, elec-tricity. It had a telegraph. It had tele-phones. It had a fire station, firetrucks. It had roads with signs on them designating the name of the street. It had a railroad. When I grew up, that was all gone. Searchlight, as I said, had 250 people. So people may ask: How did my mother work so hard in a town with 250 people? We had at that time no mines, but 13 brothels at one time in Search-light—13, not over time but at one time. The biggest was the El Rey Club. So that tells everyone what wash my mom did, from the casinos and from the brothels. She worked really hard. She ironed. She washed. As I look back on my growing up in Searchlight, I never felt, during the time I was a boy, that I was deprived of anything. I never went hungry. Some-times we didn’t have, I guess, what my mom wanted, but we were fine. But as I look back, it wasn’t that good, I guess. We had no inside toilet. We had a toilet outside. You had to walk about 50 yards to that because my dad didn’t want it close to the house, and we had a good time, even with that. My poor mother, what a wonder-ful woman she was. Sometimes, my younger brother and I sometimes, just to be funny, when my mother would go to the toilet, which had tin walls—it was made out of tin—and we would throw rocks at that. ‘‘Let me out,’’ she would say. It doesn’t sound like much fun, but it was fun at the time. When I started elementary school, there was one teacher for grades one through four and then another teacher for grades five through eight, but when I got to the fifth grade, there were not enough students for two teachers so one teacher taught all eight grades. I learned at that time in that little school that you can really learn. I have never ever forgotten a woman by the name of Mrs. Pickard. I can still see her with those glasses, just a stereo-type spinster teacher—but she was a teacher. She taught me that education was good, to learn is good. When I graduated, we had a large graduating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.003 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6851 December 8, 2016 
class: six kids. The Presiding Officer from Nevada should feel good about me. I graduated in the top third of my class. My parents did the best they could. My dad never graduated from eighth grade. My mom didn’t graduate from high school. In Searchlight—this is probably no surprise to anyone—there was never ever a church service in Searchlight that I can ever remember. There was no church, no preachers, no nothing regarding religion. That is how I was raised. My brother and I were born in our house. There was no hospital. It had long since gone. I didn’t go to a dentist until I was 14 years old, but I was for-tunate. I was born with nice teeth, es-pecially on the top. The bottoms aren’t so good, but rarely have I had a cavity of any kind. I have just been fortunate in that regard. We didn’t go to doctors. It was a rare occasion. There was no one to go to. I can remember my father having such a bad toothache, I watched him pull a tooth with a pair of pliers. My mother was hit in the face with a softball when she was a young woman in Searchlight and it ruined her teeth. As I was growing up, I saw her teeth disappear—a few, a few less, and finally no teeth. My mom had no teeth. My brother was riding his bicycle, slid on the dirt, broke his leg, never went to the doctor. I can remember it as if it were 10 minutes ago, my broth-er Larry in bed. We couldn’t touch the bed, it hurt him so much, but it healed. The bottom part of one leg is bent, but it healed. I can remember once a TB wagon came through Searchlight, the only time I remember. People had tuber-culosis, or TB. I can remember Con Hudgens had TB. I don’t remember who else. We had miners who were there who had silicosis, some of them, my dad included. My mom had one of those tests. She went into the big truck and had her chest x-rayed—I guess that is what they did. A few weeks later, she got a postcard that said her test was positive and she should go see a doctor. She never went to see a doctor. I wor-ried about that so much. I can’t imag-ine how my mother must have felt, but obviously it was a false positive. Think about that, never going to the doctor when you are told you have tuber-culosis. As I learned more about my dad, I know how important health care would have been for him, to be able to see somebody to try to explain more to my dad so he could understand himself a little better. I am sure I haven’t done all the good in life I could do, but I am here to tell everyone that there is one thing I did in my life that I am so proud of, and I will always be. I hope I am not boast-ing; if I am, I am sorry. I worked long hours at a service station. As M
ITCH in-dicated, there was no high school in Searchlight so I went to school in Hen-derson, NV. I worked in a Standard sta-tion. I worked really hard, long hours. I took all the hours they would give me. I saved up enough money—I had $250—I was going to buy my mother some teeth. I went to a man—he was a big shot. They named a school after him, and he was on the school board in Las Vegas. He married this beautiful woman from Searchlight. I went to him. I had never met him before, but Dr. Smith knows who I am. His name was J.D. Smith. I said: I want to buy my mother some teeth. He said: I don’t do credit here. He insulted me. So I went to Dr. Mar-shall in Henderson and bought my mom some teeth. It changed my moth-er’s life. My mother had teeth. My parents lived in Searchlight until they both died. There are a number of people who know, at least my staff knows, that my dad killed himself. I can remember that day so plainly. I had been out and spent 2 hours with Muhammad Ali, he and I, one of his handlers and one of my staff. It was so—for me, as someone who has always wanted to be an athlete, an athlete want-to-be, that was great. Some of you know I fought, but he was in a dif-ferent world than I, but he was nice. He was generous with his time and he was so much fun. He said: Pay no attention to me. I am fighting some White guy and I am going to cause some trouble out here. He kicked the walls and yelled and screamed, and I was happy. I walked to my car, got to my office, and my receptionist, Joanie, said to me, Mr. REID, your mom is on the phone. I talked to my mother all the time—many, many times a week. She said: Your pop shot himself. So she lived in Searchlight. It took me an hour, an hour and a half to get out there. I can still remember seeing my dad on that bed. I was so sad because my dad never had a chance. He was de-pressed always. He was reclusive. I did things; he never came to anything that I did. I never felt bad that he didn’t be-cause I knew my dad. My mom came to everything she could. But I felt bad about that. I will talk a little more about suicide in a little bit, but I think everyone can understand a little bit of why I have been such an avid supporter of ObamaCare, health care. I was ashamed, embarrassed about Searchlight. When I went to college, when I was in high school, law school, I just didn’t want to talk about Search-light. I was kind of embarrassed about it. It was kind of a crummy place. I didn’t show people pictures of my home. Many years later, I was a young man, and I was in government. Alex Haley, a famous writer who wrote the book ‘‘Roots,’’ was a speaker at the Univer-sity of Nevada foundation dinner in Reno. He gave a speech that was stun-ning. It was so good. Basically, what he said to everyone there—he directed his remarks to me, I thought, and of course he didn’t, but he said: Be proud of who you are. You can’t escape who you are. I walked out of that event that night a different person, a new man. From that day forward, I was from Search-light. When I got out of law school, I bought little pieces of property so I had contacts there. My parents lived there, and I went there all the time, but I be-came HARRY REID, the guy from Searchlight. So one thing people ask me all the time—they say: You have done OK. Tell me what you think are the impor-tant aspects—especially young people ask all the time—and ‘‘young’’ is a rel-ative term—what would you rec-ommend? What do you think is the way to success? I tell them all the same thing. I didn’t make it in life because of my athletic prowess. I didn’t make it because of my good looks. I didn’t make it because I am a genius. I made it because I worked hard. I tell every-one, whatever you want to try to do, make sure you work as hard as you can to try to do what you want to do. I be-lieve that is a lesson for everyone. The little boy from Searchlight has been able to be part of the changing State of Nevada. I am grateful I have been part of that change. When I graduated from law school, the population of Nevada was less than 300,000 people. The State of Nevada has now 3 million people. We grew from one Member of Congress in 1864 to 1882. One was all we had. Now we have four. Dur-ing my 34 years in Congress, I have seen the country change. I have seen Nevada change. The change for the country and Nevada has been for the better. Now I am going to spend a little bit of time talking about some of the things I have been able to do as a Mem-ber of the United States Senate. I know it is long and I know it is somewhat te-dious, but I have been here a long time, so please be patient. My legislation. Reducing tax burdens. I am sorry he is not here—David Pryor from Arkan-sas. I don’t want to hurt the feelings of any of my very capable friends, but the best legislator I have ever served with in State government, Federal Govern-ment, was David Pryor. He was good. He was not a big speaker, but he was good at getting things done. The first speech I gave as a Member of the Senate was way back there where C
ORYBOOKER is right now. I gave a speech. I tried to do it in the House; it was called the Taxpayers’ Bill of Rights. I couldn’t get Jake Pickle, the chair of that subcommittee on Ways and Means, to even talk to me in the House. But I came over here and gave that speech, and David Pryor was pre-siding. He was subcommittee chair of the committee dealing with that in fi-nance. C
HUCK GRASSLEY was also lis-tening to my speech. Pryor sent me a note when I finished and said: I want to help you with this. G
RASSLEY did the same thing. So my first speech led to the passage of the Taxpayers’ Bill of Rights, with the help of David Pryor and C
HUCK GRASSLEY . It was landmark 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.004 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6852 December 8, 2016 
legislation. It put the taxpayer on more equal footing with the tax col-lector. Everybody liked it so much, we have done two more iterations of it since then to make it even stronger. Source tax. I am sure it is just a bor-ing thing to everybody, but it wasn’t boring to people who came from Cali-fornia and tried to retire someplace else. The State of California was merci-less in going after people. They had the law on their side, they thought. If you had worked in California, it didn’t mat-ter where you went, they would go after you—for your pension, is what it amounted to. I tried for 15 years to get that changed, and I got it changed. No longer can California—with all due re-spect to F
EINSTEIN and B OXER —do that. They can’t do that anymore. If you re-tire in California and move someplace else, they can’t tax that money. Mortgage tax relief. We all partici-pated in that. I initiated it when the collapse of Wall Street took place. That was a big help. Tax incentives for solar and geo-thermal—very important. I will talk a little bit more about that. Payment in lieu of taxes. All my western Senators will appreciate that. It was just 4 or 5 years ago that we were able to fully fund PILT, payment in lieu of taxes. I worked very hard with Baucus and Wyden, and we did things to take care of some issues they had. That is the first time it had ever been fully funded. Cancellation of indebtedness. Those are buzzwords for people who under-stand taxes a little better. But what happened is people—everything col-lapsed. They would try to get out of the debt they had. They couldn’t be-cause the IRS would tax them at the value of it when they bought it. It was unfair, and we got that changed. That was in the stimulus bill. We got that changed. Let’s talk about the economy a little bit. I know some of my Democratic col-leagues will say: Why did you do that? Here is what I did. I worked with Re-publican Senator Don Nickles from Oklahoma. There was a Republican President. Don and I talked about this. We knew the administration would change and it would affect every Presi-dent, Democratic and Republican. It was called the Congressional Review Act. What that said is the President promulgates a regulation and Congress has a chance to look it over to see if it is too burdensome, too costly, too un-fair. And we have done that quite a few times. That was because of R
EIDand Nickles. That was legislation that I did, and it was great when we had Re-publican Presidents, not so great when we had Democratic Presidents, but it was fair. One person who has been so impor-tant to the State of Nevada is a man by the name of Kirk Kerkorian, an uneducated man. He flew over the North Atlantic during World War II for England at great personal sacrifice to himself. As I said, he had no education, but he became one of America’s leg-endary entrepreneurs. Many years ago, as a young new law-yer, I met him, and for many years I helped him and especially his brother with their legal issues. He is the man who helped create Las Vegas the way it is. He did something unique. He decided he was going to build something on the Las Vegas Strip called CityCenter. When you go to Nevada, look at that sometime. You could be in the middle of New York City—you would think you were there, basically. This is a magnificent operation. Well, it started before the Recession. They were des-perate to get it finished. More than 10,000 people worked on that project. I would drive by there and count the cranes—25, 30 cranes at one time there at work. Well, I interceded in that. I did some things that probably a lot of people wouldn’t do, but I did it because I thought it was very important that the operation didn’t shut down. Kerkorian had already put billions of dollars of his own money in it, and they had an investor from one of the Middle Eastern countries. I did a lot of things, I say, that a lot of you probably wouldn’t do, but I did it and I saved that project. I won’t go into detail, but I called people whom I doubt any of you would call. I called bank presi-dents, and I called leaders of countries. Anyway, it is completed now. I take some credit for that. The stimulus, the American Recov-ery and Reinvestment Act. We got that done. Yesterday, the Presiding Officer was the senior Senator from Maine. Oh, she was so helpful. I will probably get her in trouble by boasting about her here today, but she and her colleague from Maine, Olympia Snowe, and Arlen Specter—we only had 58 votes as Demo-crats, and they were the difference. We were able to get that passed only be-cause of them, and it was so good for our country. President Obama—the first 2 months after having been elected, the country lost 800,000 jobs. Can you imagine that? One month. But because of the stim-ulus bill, we were able to reverse that. We did a lot of wonderfully good things in that that were important for the country. The Travel Promotion Act. AMYKLO-
BUCHAR is here; she worked so hard helping get that done. It promoted travel to get foreigners to come here, come to America, and it worked out so well. Seven different clotures I had to file on that to get it done, but we got it done finally, and it has been remark-ably good for America. Other coun-tries—you will see them on TV—are al-ways advertising: Come visit Australia. Come visit the Bahamas. Come visit England. Come visit everyplace. But now there is advertising around the world: Come visit America. Now, every-one knows that Las Vegas gets more than its share, probably, of visitors, but it was good for Nevada and it was also good for the country. Nevada test site workers. We were the Cold War veterans in Nevada. That was a big project. We had 11,000, 12,000 workers there at one time. An above-ground test—I could remember seeing them. We were a long ways away in Searchlight, but you could see that flash. You wouldn’t always feel it. Sometimes it would bounce over Searchlight. But it was a very big deal. We didn’t know it was making people sick, but they were good enough to make sure the tests didn’t go off when the wind was blowing toward Las Vegas. It blew up toward Utah, and Utah suffered terribly because those were aboveground tests. So we worked to make sure the test site workers were a part of it because they were the reason we were winning the Cold War, because what they did was dangerous. We passed that. It took a number of different segments to get it done. So we have done a lot to protect people. Nevada transportation. McCarran Airport. I have tried for years to get the name taken off—a Democratic Sen-ator from Nevada who was an awful man. I tried to get his name off that, and it didn’t work. I tried to get J. Edgar Hoover’s name off the FBI Build-ing; that didn’t work. We had a vote here. I can still remember how mad ORRIN HATCH was when I did that, but, anyway, everybody had to vote on it. I think I made a mistake. I tried to name it after Bobby Kennedy. That was a mistake I made on that. Anyway, McCarran Airport. It is I think the fifth busiest airport in Amer-ica now. We have gotten money for a new air traffic control center. It is one of the largest structures in the Western United States. We have done a good job taking care of McCarran, with all kinds of construction funding for runways and rehabilitation of runways. In the stimulus bill, one of the last things we put in that was bonding capacity that allowed McCarran Field to build a big new terminal. More than $1 billion we got in that legislation. It was really important during the recession to have all those workers. There were thou-sands and thousands of them on that new terminal, which is now completed. Reno. I was also able to direct money toward getting a new traffic control center there, a new control tower. We have done all the construction funding. A lot of stuff, good stuff for the airport in Reno. So I feel good about what we have done to help Nevada transportation, not the least of which, everybody, are the billions of dollars in directed spending for roads and highways in Ne-vada. It has made a change in Northern Nevada and in Southern Nevada. It is important for us to be able to bring people to Las Vegas, so we made deals with the California State Depart-ment of Transportation, and we par-ticipated in big construction projects that took place in California, in Bar-stow and San Bernardino. We did that because it would make it easier for people to go to Las Vegas. So I wasn’t just giving money to Las Vegas, NV; we also did it, of course, for California because it helped us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.006 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6853 December 8, 2016 
Health care. The Affordable Care Act. I have talked about that a little bit. It would have been wonderful if we had something like that around to help my family when we were growing up. I worked hard to help a number of you on the Children’s Health Insurance Program. O
RRIN HATCH was certainly involved in that. Just like I had trouble coming to grips with my home in Searchlight, I had trouble coming to grips with the fact that my dad killed himself. I was like most—we are called victims. We shouldn’t be, but that is what we are called. This year, about 32,000 people will kill themselves in America. That doesn’t count the hunting accidents that are really suicides or the car acci-dents that are really suicides. So I couldn’t get my arms around the sui-cide. Republican Senator Cohen from Maine was chairman of the Aging Com-mittee upon which I served, and we were doing a hearing on senior depres-sion. Mike Wallace came—the famous journalist—and here is what he said: I have wanted to die for years. I would take the most dangerous assignments I could hoping I wouldn’t come back. You know, I am OK now, though. I want to live forever. He said: I take a pill once in a while, I see a doctor once in a while, and I am good. I am OK. I said for the first time publicly: Mr. Chairman, my dad killed himself. That was a long time ago, but I think it would be extremely important for this committee to hold a hearing on senior suicide because we have learned—since my focusing on suicide, we have done some good things as Members of Con-gress. We have directed spending to study why people kill themselves be-cause we don’t know for sure. Isn’t it interesting that most suicides take place in the western part of the United States? You would think it would be in the dark places, like Maine and Vermont, where it is so dark and cold, but, no, it is in the bright sun-shine of the West. We are learning a lot more. That has been so good to me as a person, and we have now funded projects around America where there are suicide prevention programs that are extremely important. There are suicide victims programs where people can get together after a loved one kills themself. That is something I am glad I worked on. Finally, health care. So 24 years ago, one of my friends from Las Vegas called me, Sandy Jolly, and she said: I would like you to look at this film I am going to send you. You are not going to want to watch it, but I want you to watch it. What it showed was a beautiful little girl in Africa in a white party dress. She looked so pretty. It was a party. Suddenly, two men grabbed her, spread her legs apart, and cut out her genitals—right there, with a razor blade. I thought: Man, that is hard to com-prehend. My staff said it is something you shouldn’t deal with; it should be something for a woman. But I went ahead, and I did something about it. We haven’t done as much as we should do, and I hope that we have people who will pick up this issue. I had a meeting last Friday—the biggest audience I have ever had. There was a conference on female genital mutilation. I say that word because that is what it is. Millions of little girls have been cut. That is what it is called—‘‘cut.’’ Last year, no one knows for sure, but prob-ably 250,000 little girls were cut. Last Friday, I had 200 people there. I said: This is wonderful. I said: I have had 10 people a couple of times. Two or three of the people were lost and didn’t really want to be there. It is really important that we do something about it. We have some laws now. It is against the law in the United States. They can’t go away for the pur-pose of being cut. There is a lot more that needs to be done. Our government has done almost nothing. I am going to spend a little bit on the environment. I have been chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee twice—not for very long. I gave it up once because I had to, be-cause of the control of Congress, and one time I gave it away. Remember? I gave it away. I gave my chairmanship and my committee spot to Jim Jef-fords. I love that committee. I have been involved in environment and energy issues since I came here. The State of Nevada is 87-percent owned by the Federal Government; 87 percent of the State of Nevada is Fed-eral land. The rest, 13 percent, is pri-vate land. Of course, I should be con-cerned about it. As to Yucca Mountain, I am not going to get into a long dis-sertation about that. We spent about $8 billion there so far, maybe more. It is gone. Someone asked me the other day: Well, you know, Republicans are in power now. They are going to come back to Yucca Mountain now. I said: Well, they better bring a checkbook with them because there is nothing there. They would have to start all over again. With the big auger, they spent well over $1 billion digging that tunnel. That is scrap metal. There is nothing there. You can probably get it going again now for $10 billion, $12 bil-lion. If you have a way to pay for it, good luck. If you were smart, what you would do is leave it where it is in dry cast storage containers, which is prov-en to be extremely safe and effective. That is what should be done. Renewable energy transmission. Part of the stimulus bill said one of the problems we have with energy is that we don’t have a way of transmitting electricity to where it should go. We talk about all this renewable energy, which is produced in places where there aren’t a lot of people, but you can’t get it anyplace where there are a lot of people. That has been changed with the stimulus bill. For example, in Nevada we have Line One, and for the first time in the his-tory of the State of Nevada, we can move power from the north to the south of Nevada. That is underway now. That line will go up into the north-northwest. That was good legis-lation. I have had clean energy summits for many, many years. We bring in na-tional leaders. Democrats and Repub-licans have focused attention on the problems America has with energy. The Clintons have come. Obama has been there. We have had Republicans. Here is one who came and did a great job—Tom Donohue. Everybody knows him. We Democrats know him, for sure. He is head of the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce. I have no problem with coal. I have helped fund clean coal technology. The Tracy powerplant, outside of Reno, was a clean coal plant. It didn’t work. So they had to go to another type of fuel. I have nothing against coal. However, I was upset about this. Nevada is very pristine. I have told a couple of people this. People don’t understand Nevada. Ev-erybody thinks it is the deserts of Las Vegas, but it is not. Nevada is the most mountainous State in the Union, ex-cept for Alaska. We have 314 separate mountain ranges. We have a mountain that is 14,000 feet high. We have 32 mountains over 11,000 feet high. It is a very mountainous State. When I learned from reading the pa-pers that we were going to have power companies come to Nevada in the most pristine areas and they were going to build three or four new powerplants fueled by coal, I said no. My staff said: You can’t do that. You are up for reelection, and they will de-stroy you. They tried. They left leaflets on all the cars in the parking lots and said I was running up the power bills. I won; they lost. There are no coal-fired pow-erplants in Nevada. There are two left. One of them is going out of business in 2 weeks; the other is on its way out, probably within a year. We are not going to have coal-fired plants in Ne-vada, but we do have a lot of renewable energy. I have done work, especially with John Ensign, when he was here, on major land bills—Clark County, Lin-coln County, White Pine County, Car-son County—and we were able to do a lot of good things to save land. He was a real conservative guy, and because of him, I had to make deals to make some of the 87-percent land private. I was able to do that. He was able to work with me to create more wilderness, and we worked together to get that done. I created the first national park in Nevada, Great Basin National Park. It is wonderful. Everything within the Great Basin is in that park. It is hard to believe, but in Nevada we now have a glacier. We have the oldest living trees in the world on that mountain. Those old pine trees are there. They are 6,000 or 7,000 years old—bristlecone pine. It is a beautiful, beautiful park. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.007 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6854 December 8, 2016 
As to Basin and Range National Monument, I worked with President Clinton on this. There are more than 700,000 acres in a remote place of Ne-vada. It is a place where John Muir came as a young man, camping there, and talked in his diary about how beautiful this was. Now everyone can see that. In part of that wonderful place is a man who is a world famous artist. His name is Michael Heizer. He worked for 40 years building this monu-ment in the middle of nowhere. It is in the middle of nowhere, and it is done. It is called the City. It is magnificent. We don’t have roads coming there yet, but we will pretty soon. That is done. Tule Springs. People came to me and said: We have this place in Nevada where we have the oldest and most abundant source of fossils anyplace in America. To make a long story short, that is now a national monument. You can come to Las Vegas if you are an ar-chaeologist, or if you are interested in old fossils, you can come there. I don’t mean old people. You can come there. There are all these studies going on with Tule Springs Fossil Beds National Monument. When I came to Congress, we had about 70,000 acres of wilderness in Ne-vada. Now we have about 4 million. Those are legislative initiatives of mine. We have approximately 4 million acres of wilderness. We have a million, 1.5 million acres of additional con-servation of land, and I mentioned some of it here. Water has been difficult for Nevada, in the north and the south. I knew I had been elected to the Senate, and I was leaving Reno, NV, on an airplane and someone asked me: What is the most difficult problem facing Nevada? I said: Water. Having said that—we have all done it—I thought: What am I going to do now? I had to do something. We did something. Now it is all done. We set-tled a 100-year water war between the States of California and Nevada. We settled all the litigation on the Truck-ee and Carson Rivers. It took 20 years to finally implement that. There were many water systems—the Lake Tahoe region—and they are gone. We had large wetlands that had gone dry, and that is now getting fresh water in it. It involved an irrigation district for In-dian tribes and endangered species, and we were able to get all that done. It made a stable water supply for North-ern Nevada, the Reno area. Southern Nevada is really a desert. It has 4 inches of rain a year in Las Vegas. We have worked hard with Pat Mulroy. She has done wonderful things. I see the junior Senator from Arizona here. When he was elected, the States of Arizona and California wouldn’t speak to each other. They were fight-ing over water. Now we work together on water. It has been remarkable what we have been able to do as partners to get things done. We bank water for Ari-zona, and when they need the water and it is in our ground, we can give it back to them. It has been good for Ne-vada because we can use that water in the meantime. We have done good work with Cali-fornia. California got most of the water out of the Colorado River. They took a lot more than they should have, and we were able to work on that. We worked with California in a very positive way. We help pay for port reservoirs. We help line canals. We have done a lot of good things to help water in that whole area. I am happy about that. We share Lake Tahoe with Cali-fornia. Lake Tahoe is a stunningly beautiful place. There are only two al-pine lakes in the world. One of them is in Siberia, and the other is there. I have had 20 summits there. We have gotten over $1 billion there with the cooperation of the California delega-tion and many others. We have done well in stabilizing and helping the clar-ity of that beautiful lake. Walker Lake is another lake that was originally controlled by the Indi-ans. It has been stolen from them by us. We now have gotten hundreds of millions of dollars directed toward that, and we have bought up water rights, and we have saved Walker Lake. There are 21 desert terminus lakes in the world. There are two in America. They are both in Nevada, and we saved those two lakes—Walker and Pyramid Lakes. There was a great big gravel pit. It was 10, 15 times bigger than this Cham-ber—huge. There were spots of black that appeared on it. The State of Ne-vada didn’t have the resources to take on the oil companies and airlines. So they didn’t know what was wrong. I got Bill Bradley, who was chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy, to hold a hearing. It was so important we did that because we determined that oil was coming from broken oil lines, fuel lines, going to the Reno airport. Had we not done something, it would have been awful. It was declared an emer-gency superfund site, and people imme-diately moved in and took care of that. I am giving a quick look at it. That gravel pit is now a beautiful lake. It is called the Sparks Marina. There are condos, apartments, and businesses all around there. People boat on it. It is wonderful. It all started out as a gravel pit. I appreciate Bill Bradley’s good work on that. I want to talk about national secu-rity. There are people in this Chamber much better than I am on national se-curity, and I know that, but I have worked hard. I worked hard. We have been a dumping ground for all things in the military. We have Nellis Air Force Base. It was named after Bill Nellis, who was from Searchlight. He was a war hero in World War II. It is the fin-est fighter training facility in the world. If you want to fly jet airplanes, then you must train at Nellis. They have a large gunnery range. The Navy does the same thing in Northern Ne-vada with the naval air training cen-ter. Frankly, I was able to get tens of millions of dollars for both of those op-erations because they have been impor-tant. We hear a lot about drones. Every drone attack that takes place in the world takes place 30 miles outside Las Vegas at Creech Air Force Base. We have all of these great servicemembers, mostly airmen, who take care of that. They protect us around the world. B
ARBARA MIKULSKI is here. She was in a position to help me on appropria-tions. She said: This facility in Reno is awful, and I—B
ARBARA MIKULSKI —am going to do something about it, and she did, very quickly. We renovated that place. It was so bad. It was a little VA hospital with hallways so narrow they couldn’t bring in new hospital equip-ment because they couldn’t get it down the hall. I appreciate what Senator M
I-
KULSKI did for that hospital. I requested money for two VA hos-pitals, and they were built in Southern Nevada. We had one that was an experi-ment. It was a joint venture between the Veterans’ Administration and the Air Force. It worked great except we had a Middle East war and the veterans had to go someplace else so we don’t have that hospital anymore, but we have a huge new one. It is the newest and best in the entire VA system. They don’t have all of the equipment they need, but it has been functioning very well for the last couple of years. I feel very proud of that. The Nevada Test Site is part of our national security, and I have done ev-erything I can to make sure that facil-ity is taken care of, and it is. There are a lot of experiments going on there all the time. We have fuel spills and dif-ferent tests that take place there. Finally, this is one of the best things I ever did. Yesterday I heard B
ARBARA  M
IKULSKI say listen to what your con-stituents say. A group of veterans came—just a few feet from here—to talk to me a number of years ago. One of them said: Senator, this is somewhat strange. I am disabled from the mili-tary, and I am also retired from the military. I can’t draw both benefits. I said: What are you talking about? He said: I can’t. If you retire from the For-est Service and have a military dis-ability, you can get your pension from the BLM, the Forest Service or what-ever it is, and also get your disability, but not if it is both military. We changed that. Now, if you have a dis-ability and you have retired from the military, you can draw both. It is called concurrent receipt. That took a long time, but we got it done. It is not perfect, but it is 80 percent complete. I talked earlier this morning about being a lawyer. I am proud of the fact that I was a trial lawyer. I hear Sen-ators talk all the time about these ju-dicial selection committees. They have to help pick whom they will have on the Federal bench. I am glad they do that because I also have a judicial se-lection committee. You know who is on that committee? Me. No one else is on it. I select all of my judges. I am the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.009 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6855 December 8, 2016 
committee, and I am very happy with what I have been able to do. One of the things I did when I was in the House was name a Federal building in Las Vegas after a very famous fam-ily of lawyers, the Foley family. They had two Federal judges, a district at-torney, and a State court judge. They were a wonderful family called the Foley family. I attended the 10th anni-versary of that, and when I looked up there, I saw nothing but White males. I thought to myself, ‘‘Gee, I hope some-day I can change that,’’ and as fortune would have it, Lloyd George decided to take senior staff and I had a chance to do something about that. I have sent names to the President and selected far more judges myself in the entire his-tory of the State of Nevada. So what I did with the first one, I said, well, I want to get a woman judge, but we didn’t have a Black judge on the court either. I wanted to nominate a Black judge and a woman judge, and that is what I did. Boy, was I criticized. They said: She doesn’t have enough experi-ence. You could have found somebody better. She was a dynamo. People loved this woman. She was so good that she is now on the Ninth Circuit, and she quickly went there. To make a long story short, she has been part of the talk about who could get appointed to the Supreme Court. She is a wonderful woman named Johnnie Rawlinson. I put Roger Hunt, great trial lawyer; Kent Dawson, one of my predecessors as city attorney; David Hagan, a won-derful trial lawyer, and I put him on the bench. I selected Brian Sandoval as a Federal judge, and he was a good Fed-eral judge. Things were going great until he ran against my son for Gov-ernor, and I wish he hadn’t because my son would now be Governor. He is my friend, and our family has accepted that. He was the first Hispanic on the bench. I appointed another Hispanic, Gloria Navarro. Her parents were born in Cuba, and she is now the chief judge. Miranda Du, how about that, a woman who was born in Vietnam is now on the bench in Nevada. How about that, Mi-randa Du. She was born in Vietnam and came over when she was 11 years old to Alabama. Jennifer Dorsey, a woman; Andrew Gordon, a Harvard law grad-uate; Richard Boulware, African Amer-ican. I changed that Nevada Federal bench significantly. I had the pleasure of voting for and against all eight members of the Supreme Court who now sit there. I have had a chance to vote for every one of them during my career. Education. I worked hard for edu-cation in Nevada, and I have done OK. The Desert Research Institute is a unique organization. It is not helped by the University in Nevada at all. They all have Ph.D.s and they have been in existence for 50 years. Some of the most significant research in the world is done there. They have two supercom-puters. Our earthquake center is the best in the world. They have more shake tables than anyplace in America. People come from all over the world to study what happens to earthquakes. Biodiversity study. For many years, I directed funding to the biodiversity study. It was the best science going on at the time on the environment and studying the Great Basin. Native Americans in Nevada. We have 26 different tribal organizations. I am really happy with what I have been able to do to help Native Americans, and, believe me, they haven’t been treated well in Nevada or anyplace else. I have led the legislative efforts to make sure they have their water rights taken care of, settled long-standing claims against the United States. We have the Fallon Paiute Sho-shone Tribe, Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe, Shoshone-Paiute Tribes, and the Duck Valley Reservation have all been able to develop their water rights and economies. For example, Pyramid Lake will receive almost $100 million and Fallon will receive $60 million. I worked to get two new high schools built, and they were so long overdue. It took decades to get the Shoshone Claims Distribution Act done, and we finally got it done. Thanks to Presi-dent Clinton, we were able to get the Indians who belonged up there, the Washoe Tribe, right on the lake. Working with the Obama administra-tion for the last 8 years has been a dream job of mine, being the Presi-dent’s point man here in the Senate. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have an extended speech on President Obama that I gave yesterday printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Dec. 7, 2016] S
TATEMENT OF SENATOR HARRY REIDPAYING  T
RIBUTE TO PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA  It’s hard to imagine today, but it wasn’t that long ago that Barack Obama was a lit-tle-known Illinois legislator with a very un-usual name. I still remember the first time I heard that name. I was in the House gym, where ex- members congregated. And one of the people I shared the room with was Abner Mikva, long-time Illinois Congressman, appellate court judge, President Clinton’s chief legal officer. I had known that Republican Senator Peter Fitzgerald of Illinois decided not to run for re-election after one term. And Judge Mikva turned to me and said he knew the perfect person to fill that open seat. ‘‘Who could that be,’’ I said? He said, ‘‘Barack Obama.’’ I said, ‘‘What?’’ He said, ‘‘Barack Obama.’’ I said, ‘‘Who? What kind of name is that?’’ He said: ‘‘He is one of the most talented people I’ve ever met in all my years.’’ That said a lot to me. Even though, at that time, I smiled and left the room. But it didn’t take long before I understood what Mikva told me. Barack Obama won that election to the Senate. Came from nowhere, the man with the unusual name. And once he was here, it was obvious he was the real deal. His ability to communicate was—and is— stunning. I can remember one of his first floor speeches he gave here in the Senate. It was on George Bush’s policy regarding the Middle East war. It was eloquent, thought-ful. Powerful. I was so impressed that following his speech, there had been a quorum call. His seat was way back there. I walked up to him and he was sitting, I was standing, looking over him. I said, ‘‘Senator, that was really terrific. That was really good.’’ I will never forget his response. He looked at me without hesitation, with-out any braggadocio, no conceit, just humil-ity. He looked up at me and said, ‘‘I have a gift.’’ This wasn’t a boast. This was a fact. I have never met anyone with an ability to commu-nicate like Barack Obama. Whether it is writing, speaking to 30,000 people, a small crowd or someone individually, he is without equal when it comes to communicating. His reputation was well known, even before he came to the Senate. He had written his first book, ‘‘Dreams from My Father,’’ a dec-ade before arriving here. Like his 2006 book, ‘‘The Audacity of Hope,’’ this book was full of lyrical, insightful writing. In ‘‘Dreams from My Father,’’ he outlined the remarkable life story we’ve all come to know: born to a father from Kenya in far-away Africa. His mother was from Kansas. He was raised by his grandparents in Hawaii. His mother and grandparents set positive ex-amples for him. They pushed him to do bet-ter—to be the man he was born to be. That upbringing would serve him well. Barack Obama went to some of the most elite schools in the world. Undergrad at Co-lumbia. Of course he was an honor student. Harvard Law School. He graduated with dis-tinction. He made history as the first Afri-can American to be elected president of the Harvard Law Review. Just to be a member of the Harvard Law Review, having gone to law school myself, it is significant. But he was the number-one guy in that very, very pres-tigious law school. Even then, his reputation for bringing people together and his gift for communication was renowned. He became a professor of constitutional law at one of America’s great law schools. He became a community organizer, as he has talked about a lot. He became an Illinois state senator before giving one of the most dramatic convention speeches in American history, in 2004 at the Democratic National Convention in Boston. Throughout it all, his ability to commu-nicate and connect with people fueled his as-cendancy. Those skills made Barack Obama a terrific senator. And they have greatly benefited our country over the last 8 years. In a few weeks, Barack Obama will finish his term as the 44th President of the United States. I don’t know if I’m leaving with him or he’s leaving with me. I guess I leave a few days before he does, but we’re leaving to-gether. I cannot think of a better person with whom to leave public service. For 8 years I was his point man and it has been an honor and an effort of pleasure. What this man accomplished—despite un-precedented obstruction from Republicans— is remarkable. History will remember Presi-dent Barack Obama’s many accomplish-ments. President Obama saved the country from economic collapse, ushering in a new era of growth. Since 2010, the economy has added more 2.6 million private-sector jobs. Median household incomes have risen sig-nificantly. The unemployment rate is now at 4.6 per-cent. In some states, like Nevada, it was as high as 14 percent. President Obama brought the American auto and manufacturing industries back from the brink of collapse with unique pro-grams such as Cash for Clunkers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.010 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6856 December 8, 2016 
More than 800,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. The auto industry added more than 646,000 jobs since 2009. Domestic production of autos doubled from below 6 million units per year to 12 million per year in 2015. President Obama brought health care to tens millions of Americans through the Af-fordable Care Act. And every day we learn how important this bill has been. We heard from a very conservative American Hospital Association today that doing away with Obamacare would bankrupt the hospital in-dustry. They would lose over the next few years—almost $200 billion. 21 million more Americans now have af-fordable health care. The uninsured rate is at an all-time low— 92 percent of Americans have coverage. Insurance companies cannot deny coverage or charge more to cover people with pre-ex-isting conditions. And how many of us have gone out to our home states and had people with tears in their eyes say, you know, Debbie has been sick since she was a little girl with diabetes? Now for the first time in her life she can have health insurance. Insurance companies cannot discriminate against anyone because of their gender. Every American with insurance has access to preventive care without cost sharing. That means no co-pays for immunizations, cancer screenings, contraceptive coverage for women, diabetes screenings, or blood pressure and cholesterol tests. President Obama held Wall Street account-able. He signed into law the most comprehensive Wall Street and financial reform legislation since the—Great Depression—Dodd-Frank. His Administration established a new watchdog to help protect consumers from unfair financial practices He signed legislation into law that pro-tected homeowners from mortgage fraud. President Obama took more action to pro-tect our planet from a changing climate, in-cluding the historic Paris Climate agree-ment. I met yesterday with some Native Alas-kans. It was scary to talk to this woman, a Native Alaskan, her town of 800 having trou-ble getting in and out of the town. She told me the animals are confused because the sea-sons are changing. The caribou have traveled for 20,000 years, we believe, 3,000 miles, mi-grate every year. They walk in single file, not in large herds jammed together. She said they’re having such difficulty. They used to be able to walk over. President Obama made the largest invest-ment ever in renewable energy. He tripled wind power and increased solar power by 30 times—creating more than 200,000 jobs in solar alone, with hundreds of thousands more jobs in the next few years. President Obama protected more than 260 million acres of public lands and waters. That includes more than 700,000 acres in Ne-vada with one order that he signed. It’s called the Basin and Range National Monu-ment, a place where John Muir came looking around for special places in America. He camped in the Basin Range. And hope-fully someday every Senator can go to this magnificent thing in the desert. It has taken 40 years to build. One man has done it, a fa-mous artist by the name of Michael Heizer. It’s called City. When I talk about 40 years, I mean days, weekends, overtime, and large contingencies of people he directed to this magnificent thing in the middle of the desert. President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama made our nation’s children a top pri-ority. In 2010, President Obama signed a bill into law to fight child hunger and improve school meals to ensure children receive the nutrition they need to have healthy, success-ful futures. President Obama made strides on edu-cation. Our nation’s high school graduate rate is the highest in history. He reformed the federal student loan pro-gram, increased the Pell Grant, made stu-dent loan repayment more affordable, and expanded loan forgiveness for graduates that enter public service professions. President Obama granted deferred action to immigrant youth who would have quali-fied under the DREAM Act, bringing nearly 800,000 young people out of the shadows. President Obama made our country more inclusive. He signed the repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. He signed executive orders protecting LGBT workers. Americans are now free to marry the per-son they love, regardless of gender. And as Commander-in-Chief, President Obama brought Bin Laden to justice. These are just a few aspects of President Obama’s storied legacy that is still growing. What a record. It is a legacy of which he should be satisfied. America is better be-cause of this good man spending eight years in the White House. But I am even more impressed by who he is as a person than who he is as a president. He is a man of integrity, of honesty. I have learned much from him. I have never heard Barack Obama deni-grate anybody, ever. There have been times where he could have. Perhaps I thought a negative word should be said and I suggested that to him. But he would never take it. No, he would never do that. That’s Barack Obama. And, above all, I admire the attention he has given his family. He may be President of the United States, but nothing gets in the way of his family. He is a terrific husband to Michelle and outstanding father to Sasha and Malia. He arrives home for dinner with his family virtually every night he is in Washington. He goes to their plays. He goes to their games. President or not, he is a hus-band and a father. His devotion extends to his staff, as well. And he has had a terrific staff working for him. I can’t mention all of them, but I’ll mention his present chief of staff. Denis McDonough. He and I have a very close rela-tionship. Close relationships come with a lot of difficulty, sometimes, because it’s been tough, what we’ve tried to work through to-gether. Pete Rouse, one of the nicest people I’ve ever known. He also worked for the president very closely. He was his chief of staff as sen-ator and of course chief advisor when he was in the White House. Rahm Emmanuel, now the mayor of Chi-cago, Illinois. Former chief of staff, current mayor of Chicago. A man known for his bluntness and his productivity as a member of Congress and as chief of staff. Alyssa Mastromonaco, former deputy chief of staff. I hope that I had something to do with the romance that wound up with Alyssa marrying my chief of staff, David Krone. These are a few people I had the pleasure of working with. And then there’s President Obama’s cabinet—a cabinet of quality. That includes my friend, Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar—a wonderful man and terrific public servant. A man of substance, like no other I have ever known. After eight years leading our country, President Obama is leaving office on a high point. When he first took office, our country was in an economic freefall. It was hem-orrhaging jobs. Now the economy is experi-encing the longest streak of private-sector job growth ever. We have the lowest unem-ployment rate in nearly a decade. After eight years of President Obama, we are now on a sustainable path to fight cli-mate change and grow renewable energy. We are more respected around the world. We reached international agreements to curb climate change, stop Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and are on the path to nor-malizing relations with our neighbor Cuba. Our country has made significant strides in nearly every way. There is no doubt that the United States is better now than we were eight years ago. And we have Barack Obama to thank for that. Thank you, President Barack Obama, for being the person you are. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that lots and lots of stuff I have done be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
REDUCING TAX BURDENS FOR NEVADA  
RESIDENTS & BUSINESSES  Taxpayers’ Bill of Rights—The ‘‘Tax-payers’ Bill of Rights’’ was the first bill Sen-ator Reid introduced upon entering the Sen-ate. Several of the ideas in his bill were later incorporated into the Internal Revenue Serv-ice Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998. The ‘‘Taxpayers’ Bill of Rights’’ laid out the rights of taxpayers during an audit, proce-dures for appealing a decision or filing com-plaints, the procedures the IRS may use to enforce laws and placed the burden of proof on all issues upon the IRS. Ended the Source Tax—Senator Reid and the Nevada delegation were successful in protecting Nevada retirees from taxes im-posed by other states. This legislation ended taxation without representation by prohib-iting states from taxing the retirement bene-fits of nonresidents. Sales Tax Deduction—Senator Reid rein-stated the deduction for sales taxes to level the playing field for residents of states with no income taxes and he has been successful in extending it. Mortgage Tax Relief/Debt Cancellation for Homeowners—Eliminates the income tax penalty for homeowners who are successful in negotiating a lower mortgage with their lender. Tip Tax Agreements—These are agree-ments between the IRS, the employer, and tipped employees that make it easier for em-ployees to report and pay the tax due on tipped income. Senator Reid was instru-mental in making sure that these agree-ments are fair for Nevada’s tipped employ-ees. Tax Incentives for Solar and Geothermal Energy—Senator Reid was instrumental in securing the long-term extension of tax in-centives to promote the development of elec-tricity generated by solar and geothermal sources in Nevada. Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) & Secure Rural Schools—Senator Reid led a bipartisan coalition of Western senators to fully fund PILT and reauthorize Secure Rural Schools the first time since 1994 and provides $130 million over five years to rural counties in Nevada. Cancellation of Indebtedness—Businesses needing to restructure their debts in order to survive the economic downturn found them-selves facing a significant tax penalty as a result of that process. As part of the Amer-ican Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Senator Reid was instrumental in pushing through relief from this tax penalty, helping Nevada companies to improve their balance sheets and save thousands of jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.001 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6857 December 8, 2016 
Homebuyer Tax Credit Extension—Instru-mental in securing an extension of the $8000 tax credit for first-time homebuyers and of-fering a reduced credit of up to $6500 for re-peat buyers who have owned their current home for at least five years. 
NEVADA JOBS , ECONOMY AND LABOR  Congressional Review Act—Worked with Senator Don Nickles to lead passage of the Congressional Review Act, making it easier for Congress to overturn burdensome regula-tions imposed by executive branch agencies. CityCenter—Worked with stakeholders of CityCenter to ensure construction of project continued and advanced to opening in 2009, saving almost 10,000 jobs. Housing Loan-to-Value Ratio—Requested the Administration raise the loan- to- value requirement for its mortgage modification program, and the Administration responded by raising it 125 percent. American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA)—Shepherded the stimulus legisla-tion through the Senate and conference, which will provide Nevada with $3 billion in economic recovery funding, which is ex-pected to create or save 34,000 jobs, 90% of which are in the private sector. Each worker is eligible for up to $400 in tax relief and fam-ilies could receive up to $800. A tax credit of $8,000 for first-time homebuyers will help Ne-vadans invest in a home and move the excess supply of houses off the market. The ARRA provides a temporary deduction for non- itemizers for sales tax paid on the purchase of a car or truck. The HOPE education credit for higher education is increased to $2,500 dollars. Every SSI recipient, Social Security beneficiary, Railroad Retirement beneficiary and disabled veteran receiving VA benefits will receive a one-time economic recovery payment of $250. Federal and state pen-sioners who are not participants in Social Security will be eligible for a $250 tax credit. Travel Promotion Act—Using the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority’s model for Las Vegas, the bill will create a Corporation for Travel Promotion which will be responsible for marketing the United States around the world as a tourist destina-tion. Senators Reid and his colleagues from both sides of the aisle believe that efforts through this bill to make the U.S. more at-tractive abroad and easy to visit will di-rectly increase the number of visitors to Ne-vada and create tens of thousands of sorely needed jobs. A study by Oxford Economics estimates that this plan would attract 1.6 million new international visitors annually and projects TPA could create $4 billion a year in new economic activity. Minimum Wage Increase—In 2007, Senator Reid worked with a bipartisan coalition of Senators to increase the minimum wage for the first time in ten years. Signed into law by President Bush, this legislation helped some of the hardest-working Nevadans make ends meet. Nevada Test Site Workers EEOICPA—Sen-ator Reid was instrumental in the passage of the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act (EEOICPA) of 2000, which provides monetary compensation and medical coverage to NTS workers with radiation-induced cancer, beryllium disease, or silicosis. Nevada Test Site Workers 1951–1962—Sen-ator Reid was instrumental in establishing the Atmospheric Testing years at NTS in an expedited eligibility category. Nevada Test Site Workers 1963–1992—Sen-ator Reid was instrumental in the writing and submission of a regulatory petition to include more Nevada Test Site workers in an expedited eligibility category. According to a recent position paper by the agency re-sponsible for establishing membership in the expedited eligibility category, it appears the Underground Testing years are on their way to being granted the expedited status. Nevada Test Site Workers Area 51—In 2008, Senator Reid successfully fought for the fed-eral agencies to allow Dept. of Energy work-ers at Area 51 to be eligible for the EEOICPA, thereby reversing a Republican Bush Administration policy. Unemployment Insurance Extension—In-strumental in passage of an extension of Un-employment Insurance benefits in 2009 and 2010 for states that have been hit the hard-est, like Nevada, and out-of-work Americans across the country. 
NEVADA TRANSPORTATION  McCarran Airport Funding—Senator Reid has secured tens of millions for McCarran Airport. Among the projects this money has funded include: new air traffic control tower; increased Customs and Border Control pro-tections; wind hazard detection equipment; fiber optic telecommunications systems; and apron rehabilitation and reconstruction. Reducing Flight Delays Act—Led passage of legislation that provided the Secretary of Transportation with flexibility to transfer funds to reduced FAA traffic control oper-ations, which had been reduced as a result of sequestration. Reno Airports Funding—Senator Reid ob-tained more than $55.8 million for the needed improvements to the Reno-Tahoe Inter-national and Reno-Stead airports. These funds have paid for new approach lighting systems, new control towers, runway/taxi-way reconstruction and lighting to name but a few projects. McCarran Airport: Tax Relief for Growth and Construction—Senator Reid was able to save the Clark County Department of Avia-tion tens of millions of dollars by passing re-lief for the department’s Alternative Min-imum Tax (AMT) for bonds which refinanced the Terminal 3 project at McCarran Airport. This provision will lower financing costs for this important project by at least $72.4 mil-lion. Last Highway Reauthorization (SAFETEA–LU)—Increased Nevada’s high-way funding by 30% and Transit funding by 152%. Senator Reid was instrumental in get-ting over $1.3 billion for Nevada transpor-tation projects included in the 2005 National Highway Bill. Some Additional Major Transportation Projects: 
NORTH  Interstate 580 Extension Between Reno and Carson City—$29 million Reno Transportation Rail Access Corridor Cover (ReTRAC)—$15.25 million Virginia and Truckee Railway from Vir-ginia City to Carson City—$10 million Reno Bus Rapid Transit—$12 million Lake Tahoe Passenger Ferry Service—$8 million Carson City Bypass Enhancement—$2 mil-lion Meadowood Interchange—$3.75 million 
SOUTH  Hoover Dam Bypass Bridge—$50 million Boulder City Bypass—$28.6 million Interstate 15 Widening Project from Primm to Apex—$27 million Boulder Highway Bus Rapid Transit Sys-tem—$12 million UNLV Transportation Research Center— $2.5 million Lake Mead Parkway, Henderson—$2 mil-lion 
AFFORDABLE & QUALITY HEALTH CARE FOR ALL  
NEVADANS  Affordable Care Act—Led passage of the Affordable Care Act, commonly referred to as the health reform law, which is helping thousands of Nevadans and millions of Amer-icans gain access to the affordable health care that they need and deserve. The law has resulted in 21 million more Americans being covered by health insurance, and an all-time high insured rate of 92%. Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) Creation and Reauthorization—This long overdue reauthorization ensures health care for thousands of children across Nevada whose parents earn too much for Medicaid, but not enough to afford private insurance. Thanks to the recent expansion, an addi-tional 4.1 million low-income children across the country will now have access to quality health coverage. Strengthening Medicare—Seniors and peo-ple with disabilities know the value of the Medicare program. In the last Congress, Sen-ator Reid led the way to overriding a Presi-dential veto of improvements to the pro-gram. This legislation ensured that physi-cians did not experience severe cuts to reim-bursement that could have jeopardized ac-cess to care for Nevada’s seniors. Suicide Prevention—Senator Reid is re-sponsible for the creation of the National Strategy for Suicide Prevention and has helped enact a number of laws that will help reduce the rate of suicide, including the Gar-rett Lee Smith Memorial Act targeting youth suicide, legislation that will lower the Medicare coinsurance for outpatient mental health and the mental health parity act. Mental Health Parity—The bipartisan leg-islation which Senator Reid helped pass en-sures that plans covering mental health services cannot provide different financial requirements or treatment limitations than they would for medical or surgical benefits. Drug Quality and Security Act—Provided the FDA with more authority to regulate and monitor the manufacturing of com-pounded pharmaceutical drugs. Interstitial Cystitis Research—Senator Reid earmarked millions of dollars for the National Institutes for Health (NIH) to re-search IC, a disease which affects women, and has funded programs at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to support public and health provider education and outreach about the illness. Nevada Cancer Institute—Senator Reid has secured tens of millions of dollars to support the infrastructure costs to create a cancer institute in Nevada. This has helped to at-tract world class cancer researchers to Ne-vada and will help to ensure that Nevadans will have access to clinic trials. In 2009, Sen-ator Reid worked on a bipartisan basis with the Nevada Congressional delegation to se-cure 80 acres of federal land for the Institute to construct a new facility devoted to devel-oping new treatments for Nevadans afflicted with cancer. Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Research—Sen-ator Reid has a long history of supporting ef-forts related to Chronic Fatigue Syndrome since he first became aware of this dev-astating disease in 1987 when the first known outbreak of CFS cases was documented in In-cline Village, Nevada. In 1999, he uncovered a scandal at the CDC and forced CDC officials to acknowledge that they had misappro-priated the majority of the $22.7 million he had earmarked for CFS research at the CDC in 1995. Contraceptive Equity—Passed legislation ensuring that federal employees have access to prescription contraception. Breast Cancer and Environmental Re-search Act—Sponsored by Senator Reid, this law will help to establish a national strategy to study the potential links between the en-vironment and breast cancer and would au-thorize funding for such research. The result-ing discoveries could be critical to improving our knowledge of this complex illness, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.003 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6858 December 8, 2016 
could lead to new treatments and perhaps, one day, a cure. Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Registry Act—Sponsored by Senator Reid, this law will create an ALS registry at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and will aid in the search for a cure for this devastating disease. Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act—Senator Reid was instrumental in pass-ing legislation that establishes strong pro-tections against discrimination on the basis of genetic information by health insurance companies and employers. Affordable Birth Control—Senator Reid was instrumental in passing a provision that would restore the practice of allowing safety net providers to have access to nominally priced drugs. Historically pharmaceutical companies have been permitted offer low, or ‘‘nominally priced,’’ drugs to safety net pro-viders to help ensure that low-income popu-lations have access to affordable medication. In 2005, Congress passed legislation which tightened regulations about who was eligible for nominally priced drugs. In doing so, Con-gress inadvertently cut off every safety-net provider from obtaining birth control at a low cost, and passing on those savings to their patients. Women who once paid five to ten dollars each month had to pay $50 or more for basic birth control. Pandemic Flu Funding—Senator Reid has worked to secure billions of dollars to ensure we are prepared to minimize the impact of the H1N1 flu or any potential flu pandemic. Medical Research Funding—Senator Reid has a long history of directing funding to the National Institutes of Health for funding bio-medical research in areas such as cancer, Alzheimer’s, heart disease, diabetes and stem cells. Last year alone, he supported directing over $40 billion to the National Institutes of Health through ARRA and the Omnibus. These investments could lead to new cures and treatments, and will address debilitating health conditions that prevent our workforce from reaching optimal productivity. FDA Reauthorization Including Drug Safe-ty Requirements—In September 2007, Sen-ator Reid worked to enact the Food and Drug Administration Revitalization Act (Public Law 110–85), which extends the legal author-ity for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) programs for approving prescription drugs and medical devices. While this new law will improve prescription drug and food safety for all Americans, it also will improve programs focused just on our children. These improvements represent a victory for con-sumers and patients who depend on our na-tion’s system for ensuring that life-saving drugs and devices come to market in a time-ly and safe way. Federal Medical Assistance Program (FMAP) Increase—Senator Reid worked very hard to increase temporarily the federal medical assistance percentage (FMAP) as in-cluded in the American Recovery and Rein-vestment Act of 2009 (P.L. 111–5). The goal was to enable states to maintain their Med-icaid services, while also targeting addi-tional funds to the states most in need like ours. Nevada will receive more than $450 mil-lion in additional funding as a result, which is the largest percentage increase of any state in the Federal Medical Assistance Pro-gram. Cobra Expansion—The Consolidated Omni-bus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA) requires most employers with group health plans to offer employees the op-portunity to continue their coverage under their employer’s plan if their coverage is cut off or suspended due to a layoff, or other qualifying change in their employment sta-tus. Many Nevadans who have recently be-come unemployed are troubled by the steep-ly rising premiums for their COBRA insur-ance coverage. Senator Reid was instru-mental in obtaining a premium subsidy for COBRA recipients in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. This provision created a 65% subsidy for health insurance premiums under COBRA for up to nine months for workers and their families who have been involuntarily terminated between September 1st, 2009 and December 31st, 2009. 
NEVADA ’S ENVIRONMENT , ENERGY & LANDS  Yucca Mountain—Slashed funding for Yucca to record lows during the pro-Yucca Republican Bush Administration, and worked with President Obama to terminate the project and launch a Blue Ribbon Com-mission to develop alternatives. Renewable Energy and Efficiency tax in-centives—Since 2000, Senator Reid has se-cured over $100 million for Nevada-based projects to research and advance our na-tion’s renewable energy and energy effi-ciency capabilities. Additionally, the Recov-ery Act provided over $500 million for energy efficiency, renewable energy and weatheriza-tion projects in Nevada. Nevada’s institu-tions of higher education, schools, counties and others are working to make Nevada the nation’s renewable energy leader Renewable Energy Transmission—Deliv-ered $3.25 billion in financing for developing transmission for renewable energy in the West (Recovery Act), as well $4.4 billion to build a national smart grid to accelerate re-newable energy development in Nevada and across the country. Solar Energy—Worked with Department of Interior to designate seven Solar Energy Study Areas in Nevada and to institute fast track environmental reviews for key renew-able energy projects (3 solar and 2 wind en-ergy projects). Hosted Eight National Clean Energy Sum-mits Established the Blue Ribbon Panel on Energy in Nevada—Senator Reid, has hosted the National Clean Energy Summit in Ne-vada since 2008. These events have helped build a dialogue among the nation’s most distinguished leaders in clean energy policy on how to build the infrastructure and create jobs to achieve energy security using renew-ables, other forms of clean energy, and effi-ciency. Speakers have included President Barack Obama, President Bill Clinton, Sec-retary Hillary Clinton, Vice President Al Gore, Energy Secretary Steven Chu, Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar, Tesla CEO Elon Musk, along with many other leaders from government, business, labor, and the non-profit commu-nities from Nevada and beyond. Geothermal Energy—Prevented the Repub-lican Bush Administration from closing down the geothermal energy R&D program. Mormon Crickets—Was successful in get-ting over $20 million appropriated for Ne-vada. BLM California Trail Center in Elko— Passed authorizing legislation and secured more than $10 million to build the Center. Clark County Heliport—Conveyed 230 acres to create a new, dedicated facility. 100,000 people are safer as a result. Ivanpah Airport—Authored and passed leg-islation that designates 6,500 acres for a new long-haul airport. Clark County Land Bill—In 2002, led Ne-vada delegation to pass a comprehensive public lands management plan for Clark County. This strong bipartisan legislation released wilderness study areas to enhance economic opportunities in Clark County while also adding 440,000 acres to the na-tional wilderness system. Lincoln County Land Bill—Led Nevada del-egation to pass the largest wilderness bill in the history of Nevada. This legislation des-ignated over 768,000 acres in new wilderness areas, including over 150,000 acres of the Mormon Mountains. This legislation also provided new authority for land sales to in-crease Lincoln County’s tax base. White Pine County Land Bill—Senator Reid led the Nevada delegation to pass legis-lation protecting 559,000 acres of incredible wilderness lands and provided a timely eco-nomic boost to White Pine County. The bill also added important protections to the land surrounding Great Basin National Park, en-larged two state parks and a state wildlife management area, and provided lands for the future growth of the Ely Shoshone Tribe. Carson City Land Bill—This legislation in-creases open space opportunities and helps the city pursue its smart growth plans. The bill includes a land exchange between the city and the Forest Service, giving each enti-ty land that is more suited to its mission and management abilities. The legislation also conveys the Silver Saddle Ranch and Prison Hill to Carson City for continued public use, with a conservation easement retained by the Bureau of Land Management. Ely Native Seed Warehouse—Currently under construction, the Ely Native Seed Warehouse will hold one million pounds of native seed used to will help reseed habitat after fires. Fallon Plant Materials Center—Secured funding for the Center which will help de-velop resilient crops for the Great Basin. Nevada Hunting Bill—Restored each state’s ability to differentiate between in- state and out-of-state hunters when selling game tags. Drop 2 Reservoir—Passed legislation allow-ing construction of a major water-saving res-ervoir east of San Diego, which will allow southern Nevada to take significant addi-tional water from the Colorado River. 
REBUILT /RECONSTRUCTED SEVEN BRIDGES IN  
JARBIDGE  Sloan Canyon—In the Clark County Land Bill, created the Sloan Canyon National Con-servation Area to preserve the beautiful areas that bless southern Nevada. Clark County Shooting Park—Conveyed 3,000 acres and provided $60 million to de-velop the world’s finest shooting range. Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area—Protected southern Nevada’s most no-table and beloved outdoor and scenic area. Great Basin National Park—Championed legislation that created Nevada’s first Na-tional park in 1986; secured funding for and dedicated a new visitor’s center in 2005; and stopped two coal plants that would have wrecked the park’s incredible clean air. Tule Springs Fossil Beds National Monu-ment—In 2012, Senator Reid authored and in-troduced legislation to establish Nevada’s only current National Monument in the north Las Vegas Valley. The legislation was passed in 2014 and created a 22,600 acre Na-tional Monument that protects the best col-lection of Ice Age mammal fossils in the United States. The legislation also provided economic development, educational and recreation opportunities throughout Clark County. Basin and Range National Monument— President Obama used his authority under the Antiquities Act on July 10, 2015, to per-manently protect more than 700,000 acres of land in eastern Nevada as the Basin and Range National Monument. Senator Reid ad-vocated for years to protect this truly spe-cial area where the Mojave Desert meets the Great Basin, and Joshua trees and cactus give way to a sea of sagebrush. It is home to desert bighorn sheep, mule deer, elk, and pronghorn antelope. It is an area that pro-vided food and shelter for Native Americans, and one can see their history today in in-credible rock art panels there. The Basin and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.004 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6859 December 8, 2016 
Range Monument will also protect the cul-tural integrity of world-renowned artist Mi-chael Heizer’s expansive sculpture, ‘City’. Lake Tahoe—Hosted the first Tahoe Sum-mit to help preserve the lake’s clarity; passed the original Lake Tahoe Restoration Act; sent over $300 million in federal funds to help the Lake. Fallon Water Treatment Plant—Senator Reid secured funding for the construction of the Fallon Water Treatment Plant which opened in April of 2004. The residents of Fallon and the neighboring Naval Air Sta-tion had been subjected to high levels of ar-senic in their drinking water that were ten times greater than the national standard set by the EPA. Walker Lake—In line with Senator Reid’s commitment to protecting the environment and Nevada’s natural resources, saving Walker Lake is one of his top priorities. In response, Senator Reid has secured more than $375 million in federal funds for efforts to preserve the lake. Truckee River Operating Agreement—Sen-ator Reid helped negotiate the settlement for Truckee and Carson Rivers. Sparks Marina—Senator Reid worked with the residents and community leaders of Sparks and used his position in the Senate to clean up the once-contaminated gravel pit into the Sparks Marina. Now the Sparks Ma-rina is a popular recreational area used by thousands each year for boating, fishing and other outdoor activities. 2 Million Acres of Wilderness Land—Begin-ning with the Nevada Wilderness Act of 1989, which designated 740,000 acres of land as pro-tected wilderness, Senator Reid has been de-voted to protecting Nevada’s wilderness. To this date, he has continued working hard to turn more than 2 million acres into pro-tected wilderness. One of the highlights of the Senator’s efforts includes the Black Rock Desert—High Rock Canyon Emigrant Trails Act of 2000 which provided 750,000 acres of wilderness in Nevada. Rural Water—Secured more than $100 mil-lion to rural water systems across Nevada to improve drinking water quality and treat-ment systems. Water Security—Enhanced Nevada’s water security by directly authorizing develop-ment of the All American Canal, a critical piece in implementing the lower Colorado River Basin multi-state shortage agreement. 
NATIONAL SECURITY AND VETERANS  Secured Vital Funding for All of Nevada’s Military Installations. Over the course of his tenure, Senator Reid has secured millions for Nevada’s troops, veterans, military families and installations. In fiscal year 2017, Senator Reid worked to obtain over $204 million in federal funding for projects at the Nellis Air Force Base, Naval Air Station Fallon, and Reno VA Medical Center. In addition, $90 million was allocated nationwide for con-struction of state veteran extended care fa-cilities, including one to eventually be built in Reno. Base Closure and Realignment Commission (BRAC)—Successfully fought to keep Haw-thorne Army Depot open through the BRAC process and prevented the Nevada Air Na-tional Guard from losing their C–130 aircraft. Senator Reid’s leadership position in the Senate was pivotal in allowing him to ap-point a Nevadan to the Commission. Nellis Air Force Base—Secured more than $350 million in funding for Base Infrastruc-ture. Creech Air Force Base (Indian Springs)— Secured $128.8 million in funding for Base In-frastructure and for a new Center of Excel-lence for the Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). Hawthorne Army Depot—Secured over $59 million in funding for Base Infrastructure and modernized demilitarization facilities. Senator Reid also helped protect the Depot from closure during the BRAC process saving hundreds of jobs and millions of dollars in impact for the community. Nevada National Guard (Army and Air)— Secured over $195 million in funding for Base Infrastructure and equipment. Cold War Heroes—As part of the Omnibus Lairds Bill of 2009 (PL111–11), Senator Reid secured passage of the Cold War Historical Sites Study Act which requires the Depart-ment of the Interior to evaluate sites and re-sources for commemorating and interpreting the Cold War, including the Mount Charles-ton Plane Crash Memorial. Concurrent Receipt for Nevada’s Vet-erans—Senator Reid was instrumental in getting concurrent receipt legislation passed in 2004 that enabled our veterans with 100 percent service-related disability to collect both disability and military pay. The fol-lowing year, Senator Reid won passage of his amendment that expanded concurrent re-ceipt to cover America’s disabled veterans rated as unemployable. This issue has been a top priority of Nevada’s 250,000 veterans, as well as veterans across the country. New Las Vegas Veteran’s Hospital—Sen-ator Reid has secured more than $600 million for the construction of the Veterans Admin-istration’s new Las Vegas Hospital and Com-munity Living Center on Pecos Road in North Las Vegas. Additionally, the $75 mil-lion Mike O’Callaghan Federal Hospital at Nellis Air Force Base opened its doors in 1994 due to Senator Reid’s leadership. New VA clinic in Laughlin, Nevada—In January 2015, Senator Reid announced the opening of a VA Outreach Clinic in Laughlin, which will allow Veterans in the Southeast area to more easily access high quality care. The Laughlin Clinic will provide primary care for eligible Veterans who are appro-priate for care at an outreach clinic as well as some mental health and social work care. Nevada Test Site—Maintained the Nevada Test Site as part of the National Domestic Preparedness Consortium, and provided ap-propriations of over $20 million annually. Urban Area Area Security Initiative—Re-instated Las Vegas onto the UASI (Urban Area Security Initiative) city list, thereby securing millions in funding to help prepare and protect the city from attack. Implement the 9/11 Commission Rec-ommendations—As Majority Leader, Senator Reid pushed to have the recommendations of the bipartisan 9/11 Commission written into law. This law made Nevadans and all Ameri-cans more secure by: giving first responders the tools they need to keep us safe; making it more difficult for potential terrorists to travel into our country; advancing efforts to secure our rail, air, and mass transit sys-tems; and improving intelligence and infor-mation sharing between state, local, and fed-eral law enforcement agencies. 
NEVADA ’S JUDICIARY  Nevada Federal Courthouses and Build-ings—Senator Reid secured more than $83 million in funding for construction of a new federal building for Southern Nevada, the Lloyd D. George Courthouse and Federal Building in Las Vegas. Senator Reid was also instrumental in securing funding for the Bruce R. Thompson Courthouse and Federal Building in Reno. Mills B. Lane Justice Complex Security Upgrades—Secured nearly $1 million for the Reno Municipal Court and the Washoe Coun-ty District Attorney’s security following the 2006 sniper shooting. 
ETHICS & LOBBYING REFORM  Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act (STOCK Act)—Senator Reid led the way in creating new reporting requirement for Members of Congress and staff regarding stock and commodity transactions. Honest Leadership and Open Government Act—Senator Reid authored the ‘‘Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007,’’ which passed on a bipartisan basis and was signed into law by President George W. Bush. Sen. Reid’s measure was recognized as one of the toughest and most sweeping ethics reforms in a generation. Among the many accomplishments of this law include: Closing the ‘‘revolving door’’ between gov-ernment & lobbyists by former Senators & staff Reforming and increasing transparency for earmarks and conference reports Prohibiting pensions for Members of Con-gress convicted of certain crimes Expanding the lobbying disclosure require-ments Toughening limits on gifts and travel NEVADA EDUCATION AND RESEARCH  Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act— Changed the federal student loan program from fixed interest rates to rates based on the Treasury note plus a percentage for un-dergraduate, graduate or parent loans. GI Bill of Rights—Under Senator Reid’s leadership, the Post 9/11 GI Bill of Rights— the largest expansion of educational benefits since the original GI Bill of Rights—was passed. Teach for America—Reid worked to bring Teach for America to Nevada, which has re-sulted in the hiring of several hundred high-ly qualified teachers in the Clark County School District. America COMPETES Act—Reid led pas-sage of the America COMPETES Act, bipar-tisan legislation to improve math and science education and increase the federal commitment to research. UNR Fire Science Academy—The Fire Science Academy located in Carlin opened its doors in 1999. In cooperation with the University of Nevada, Reno, Senator Reid succeeded in getting the Department of En-ergy to award the facility with an $8 million in grant and appropriations support. Nevada State College Campus—In 2002, Senator Reid successfully pushed through a land transfer in Southern Nevada that pro-vided campus land for the newly created Ne-vada State College. Desert Research Institute (DRI)—Secured more than $70 million in appropriations for projects. UNLV Super Computers—Secured $2.7 mil-lion. UNR Earthquake Center & Biodiversity Study—Secured $2.5 & $7.5 million respec-tively. UNLV Research Park—Conveyed 122 acres of federal land to UNLV Research Founda-tion for construction of a research center and provided special authority to allow the Foundation to keep and reinvest 100% of any lease revenues from the land. Dandini Research Park Conveyance Act— Passed legislation signed into law by Presi-dent Bush transferring 476 of the 467–acre parcel north of downtown Reno from the Bu-reau of Land Management to the Board of Regents of the University and Community College System of Nevada for use by Truckee Meadows Community College and the Desert Research Institute. 
NATIVE AMERICANS  Indian Water Settlements—Senator Reid has led the legislative effort to quantify In-dian water rights and settle long-standing claims against the United States. The Fallon Paiute Shoshone Tribe (1990), the Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe (1990), and the Shoshone- Paiute Tribes of the Duck Valley Reserva-tion (2009) have been able to develop their water rights and their economies because of these settlements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.006 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6860 December 8, 2016 
Western Shoshone Claims Distribution Act—Senator Reid led efforts to enact a law ordering the United States to distribute set-tlement funds resulting in the resolution of the Western Shoshone land and accounting claims against the United States. The settle-ment funds, now totaling nearly $160 million, will be distributed to an estimated 6,000 eli-gible Shoshones. They and their descendents will be eligible for benefits from a $1.5 mil-lion educational trust fund. Washoe Tribe: Additional Land for Resi-dential and Commercial Development. As part of the Omnibus Public Land Act of 2009, Senator Reid passed a measure to address the Washoe Tribe’s need for more land for residential and commercial development. Under the bill, about 300 acres of Forest Service and BLM land near the Carson and Stewart Colonies will be conveyed to the Washoe Tribe, with nearly half of those acres available for development. Ely Shoshone Tribe Land Transfer—Sen-ator Reid, working with his Nevada col-leagues in Congress passed the White Pine County Lands Bill as part of a braid tax package in 2006. The bill transferred 3,526 acres to the Ely Shoshone Tribe for tradi-tional, ceremonial, commercial and residen-tial purposes. Las Vegas Paiute Tribe Land—In 1983, Sen-ator Reid (then in the US House of Rep-resentatives) passed a measure—which was signed into law by President Reagan—to de-clare 3850 acres of land held in trust by the federal government would thereby be ‘‘de-clared to be part of the Las Vegas Paiute Reservation.’’ 
ENSURING EQUALITY FOR NEVADANS  ‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell’—As Majority lead-er, Senator Reid led passage of the repeal of ‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.’ 
Mr. REID. I am winding down, every-body. I know you are glad, but it has been 34 years. I served with 281 dif-ferent Senators during the time I have been here. I have such fond memories of so many. There was the hilarious and confident Fritz Hollings. I have never known a better joke teller than Frank Lautenberg. I asked him to tell the same story so many times, I could have told it. He had one about two wrestlers, but I am not going to repeat it. He was very, very funny. I am not going to go through the whole Ted Kennedy list and all of that, but I have had wonderful experiences with my Senate friends. When I came here as a Democratic Senator, there was only one woman, B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , and that was it. I am very happy now that we have 17 Democratic women, and we have four Republican women. I want to make the record very clear that the Senate is a better place because of women being here. There is no question about that, for many different reasons, but they have added so much to the Senate. The only problem we have now is that there aren’t enough of them, but we did our best this go-round. We have four new Democratic Senators. Leaders. I have already talked about Senator M
CCONNELL . It has been my good fortune to have served with such good leaders like Robert Byrd. I don’t know if it is true. I accept it because that is what I want to believe, but a number of people told me I was his pet. As I said, I don’t know if I was or not, but he sure was good to me. George Mitchell, what a wonderful extemporaneous speaker. He was the best. He was a Federal judge, U.S. at-torney, and a good man. I was a junior Senator and didn’t have a lot of interchange with Bob Dole when he was the leader, but I have had a lot lately. He calls me to talk about some issues he is working on now. One of the most moving times of my life was when Dan Inouye was lying in State in the Rotunda. Bob Dole called me and asked if I would go over there with him, and I said of course I would. He was in a wheelchair and somebody pushed him over there, and he said stop. There was a little alcove there, and Bob Dole, as hard as it was for him, walked over to the crypt where Danny was and he climbed up on the bier and said, ‘‘Danny, I love you.’’ If that doesn’t bring a tear to your eye, nothing will. I will always remember that. Trent Lott was a really good leader. He was extremely conservative but ex-tremely pragmatic. We got lots of stuff done. I was Senator Daschle’s point person to get legislation out of this body, and we did some really good things. Tom Daschle always gave me lots of room to do things. I can remember one occasion when I was the whip, I thought he had been too generous with one of the other Senators and I com-plained. He said: Look, you are going to make this whip job whatever you want it to be. I took him at his word, and I did. I never left the floor. When the Senate opened, I was here, and when it was closed, I was here. Bill Frist is a fine human being. I really cared for him a lot. He wasn’t an experienced legislator, but that is OK. He is an experienced human being, and I liked him a lot. I already talked about MITCH. Diversity. We don’t have enough di-versity in the Senate, but I do take credit for creating a diversity office here with Democrats. Senator S
CHUMER  has indicated he will continue that, and I am very happy he will do that. I repeat, we don’t have enough diversity. I want to tell everyone here I am grateful to all of my Democratic Sen-ators. They have been so good to me during my time as leader, but I have to mention D
ICKDURBIN . He and I came here together 34 years ago. He has been so supportive of me. He has been my ‘‘Cousin Jeff.’’ Can I tell the story? Here I go. My brother still lives in Searchlight, and he is an interesting man. He had a girlfriend there who was married and brought her home one night. Her husband or boyfriend, whatever it was, jumped out of the tree on my brother’s back, and they had a fight. My brother won. So a couple of weeks later, he is at the 49er Club, a bar, a lit-tle place in Searchlight. He is having a beer, whatever he drinks. He looks around, and he sees the guy he beat up, but the guy has a couple of people with him. He knew why they were there. They were there to work him over. He said: What am I going to do? Just about then a miracle hap-pened. Our cousin Jeff walked in. He hadn’t been to Searchlight for a couple of years. But Cousin Jeff was known as being a really tough guy. So Larry said: Here’s the deal. Cousin Jeff looked them over and went over to the biggest one, grabbed his nose, twisted it as hard as he could. He said: Do you guys want any part of me or my cousin Larry? They said no. They left. The reason I mention that—the rea-son I say DURBIN is my Cousin Jeff—I was in my office watching the floor, and M
CCONNELL was up there. I was so damn mad. He was talking about stuff. I was mad. I called my office: Why don’t we have somebody out there say-ing something? They said: Senator, that was re-corded earlier today. We are out of ses-sion. So D
URBIN has been my man, my Cousin Jeff. Whenever I have a prob-lem, I call D
ICKDURBIN , and he can come. D
ICKDURBIN can talk about any-thing, and it sounds good. OK. C
HUCK SCHUMER . My kids said: Make sure you tell everybody about how smart you think he is. OK. I am going to do it. One day I said to S
CHUMER —we have known each other for a long time. But I said: How the hell did you ever get into Harvard? He said: It helped that I got a perfect SAT and a perfect LSAT. That is true. He did. He is a brilliant man. He has a big heart. He works ex-tremely hard. He has been so good to me. We have worked together. He took a job he did not want, the chair of the DSCC twice, but it worked out great. We were able to get the majority. So I will always have great affection for him, and I wish him well in being my replacement. I am confident he will do a good job. He will not be me, but he will go a good job. My staff. We checked yesterday—my staff did. It is hard to comprehend how many people I have had work for me over 34 years—almost 3,000, everybody. I feel so strongly about my staff. They are my family. I really, really do be-lieve that. I feel they are my family. Chiefs of staff—I haven’t had that many, surprisingly, over 34 years. Claude Zobell, Ray Martinez, Susan McCue, Gary Myrick, David Krone, Drew Willison, and, of course, Dave McCallum, who has done so much to make sure I did not overspin things, and my utility man, Bill Dauster. He can catch, pitch, play any position on the field. He has been great for me. I appreciate Bill’s work very much. Thank you, Adelle, because I would be so embarrassed if I did not say something about P
ATTY MURRAY . She has been part of this little leadership team I have had. We have never had anything like this before in the Senate. The leaders prior to me did it all on their own. But I have had these three wonderful human beings helping me for all these years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.007 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6861 December 8, 2016 
We meet every Monday night and get set up for the caucus on Tuesday, lead-ership meetings on Tuesday. So, P
ATTY , you and Rob, I just care so much about. I want you to know how I appreciate your loyalty, your hard work. You have taken some jobs that you did not want to take: a budget job, that super—whatever the hell it was called. That was awful. I don’t know how long she is going to live, but that took a few years off her life. You and Rob have been great. Loretta is my friend. Iris I love. So thank you very much, you guys. I have told everyone on my staff, with rare exception: You represent me. If you are on the phone, when you an-swer that phone, you are representing me. You are as if you are H
ARRY REID on the phone. I say the same to those who speak, write, and advocate for me. They represent me. They have done so well. They have helped me in good times and bad times. What is the future of the Senate? I hope that everyone will do everything they can to protect the Senate as an institution. As part of our Constitu-tion, it should be given the dignity it deserves. I love the Senate. I don’t need to dwell on that. I love the Senate. I care about it so very, very much. I have enjoyed Congress for 34 years. As the leader of the Senate, I have had such joy and times of awe. Wow. What are we going to do now? That is what these jobs are like. They are so exhilarating, until, oh, man, something happens, and I think all of you have done as I have just said: Wow. What are we going to do now? The Senate has changed, some for the good, some for the bad. I want to say this, though. It is not the same as when I first came here. There is change in everything. The biggest change has been the use of the filibuster. I do hope my colleagues are able to temper their use of the filibuster; otherwise it will be gone. It will be gone first on nomi-nations, then it will be gone on legisla-tion. This is something that you have to work on together because if you con-tinue to use it the way it has been used recently, it is really going to affect this institution a lot. Something has to be done about the outrageous amount of money from sources that are dark, unknown, and now involved in our Federal elections. The Citizens United case in January 2010—if this does not change and if we don’t do something about this vast money coming into our elections, in a couple of more election cycles, we are going to be just like Russia. We are going to have a plutocracy—a few rich guys telling our leader what to do. Leonard Cohen, who recently died, was one of America’s great music geniuses. He recently died, as I said. In one of his songs called ‘‘Anthem,’’ he says it all: 
There is a crack in everything (there is a crack in everything) That’s how the light gets in 
That is what he said. I believe there are cracks in what is happening with the huge amount of money currently in Federal elections and excessive par-tisanship. The cracks are that the American people don’t like it. They don’t like this money. They don’t like the partisanship. So there are cracks— cracks, I repeat—because the American people are complaining big time about excessive use of money and objecting to the partisanship. That is the crack. That is how the light is going to get in. That is how America has an oppor-tunity to become a better place, where money will not control our political system over partisanship. So just a little bit of advice to my colleagues: It has worked OK for me. It does not matter if I am in Elko, really a conservative place in Nevada, 400 miles from Las Vegas. If a question is asked of me in Elko, I give the same answer there as I give in Las Vegas. We should all do that. People in Nevada have never had to weigh how I stand on an issue. I tell them how I feel. That is why I have never had any big-bang elections. Peo-ple at least know how I stand. People don’t necessarily like how I vote, what I talk about, but at least they know how I feel. I think that is good advice for everybody. At least that has worked well for me. What is your formula for success? What do you recommend? I tell them the same thing about working hard. Of course that is important. Of course it is important, but also stay true to who you are—your roots. Now my social life. My time in Wash-ington has been different than that of many. I am not saying it is better, but it has been different. Every year there are galas: White House Correspondents’ Dinner, the Gridiron Club Dinner, Radio and Correspondents’ Dinner, Al-falfa Club. So during my 34 years in Congress, I had approximately 135 to 136 of these. I have attended one of them. For me, that was enough. I have attended one Congressional picnic in 34 years. That was because my son Key had a girlfriend named Maile and he wanted to impress her. I guess he did because they are married. But one was enough for me. I have attended one State dinner. That is because I had a son who spent 2 years in Argentina. I wanted him to meet the President of Argentina. I did that for my son Rory. But one was enough. I have not been to another one. I have never been to a White House Congressional Ball. That is going to be held tonight. I guess I am inquisitive of how it would be, but I don’t want to go. I have seen one World Series. That was enough. I have been to one Super Bowl. That was plenty. I have flown once in an F–18. That was enough. Over the years, I have gone to hundreds of fundraisers for my friends and col-leagues, but everyone has to acknowl-edge, I can get in and out of those pret-ty quick. Let me talk about the press a little bit and their responsibility, as I see it. We are entering a new gilded age, and it has never been more important to be able to distinguish between what is real and what is fake. We have law-makers pushing for tax cuts for billion-aires and calling it populism. We have media outlets pushing conspiracy theo-ries disguised as news. Separating real from fake has never been more important. I have met him, but I wish I could sit down and talk to him sometime because I so admire Pope Francis. Here is what he said yes-terday: The media that focuses on scandals and spreads fake news to smear politicians risks becoming like people who have a morbid fascination with excrement. That is what Pope Francis said. He added that using communications for this rather than to educate the public amounted to a sin. Well, he can categorize sin; I can’t. But I agree with him on what he said. I acknowledge the importance of the press. I admire what you do and under-stand the challenges ahead of you. But be vigilant, because you have as much to do with our democracy as any branch of government. This is best un-derstood by listening to what George Orwell had to say a long time ago: ‘‘Freedom of the press, if it means any-thing at all, means the freedom to criticize and oppose.’’ So, press, criticize and oppose. Please do that. This really is the end of my speech. I have five children: Lana, Rory, Leif, Josh, and Key. They have been role models for me and for Landra. They were role models. We learned from them when we were young, and we are still learning from them. We appreciate the exemplary lives they have lived. I am confident, hopeful, and determined to make sure that they understand how much affection and admiration I have for each of them, for their wonderful spouses, and our 19 grandchildren. OK. Here goes. Whatever success I had in my educational life, my life as a lawyer, and my life as a politician, in-cluding my time in Congress, is di-rectly attributable to my Landra, my wife. We met when Landra was a sopho-more in high school and I was a junior. That was more than six decades ago. We married at the age of 19. As I have said, we have five children, and we have 19 wonderful grandchildren. She has been the being of my exist-ence in my personal life and my public life. Disraeli, the great prime minister said in 1837—listen to what he said: ‘‘The magic of first love is that it never ends.’’ I believe that. She is my first love. It will never end. Landra and I have talked. We understand we are going to have a different life. We have said and we believe that we are not going to dwell on the past. We will be involved in the past any way we need to be, but we are going to look to the future. I wish everyone the best. I am sorry I have talked so long. I usually don’t do that. I thank everyone for listening to my speech. I appreciate my wonder-ful family being here, my friends, my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.013 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6862 December 8, 2016 
staff, and each of you. Thank you for your friendships over the years. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I will yield for a couple more minutes for sentiments, and then I wish to say a few words. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—CONFERENCE REPORT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 2943, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Conference report to accompany S. 2943, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
TRIBUTES TO HARRY REID  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I stand in front of you to commemorate the long life and service of a fellow Ne-vadan who has given his all to serve our State and this country. It has been said it is better to be feared than loved if you cannot be both. My colleagues in the Senate and those in the Gallery probably agree with me, no individual in politics em-bodies that sentiment today more than my colleague from Nevada, H
ARRY  M
ASON REID. Today I am on the floor to pay re-spect to Senate Minority Leader H
ARRY REID, after 30 years of service in this Chamber, in addition to the years of public service before entering into the Senate. I know H
ARRY is notorious for his short conversations—minus today—for hanging up the phone before our con-versations end, and sometimes even midsentence, so I will try to keep my comments respectfully short. Before I truly get into the speech, I must first recognize H
ARRY ’s family. As a public official, very often it is time with your family that is most often sacrificed the most, and it is very true, as stated by a leader in our shared faith when he said, ‘‘Nothing compensates for failure in the home.’’ H
ARRY has been keenly aware of this fact and he shows his adoration. He has shown it for his wife Landra and his five children: Lana, Rory, Leif, Josh, and Key. He has made sure to keep a very close bond with his wife, his chil-dren, and grandchildren. That is some-thing we all respect and something I wish to emulate. So what can I say? It is an end of an era for my home State of Nevada. HARRY has devoted his entire adult life to one cause, the State of Nevada and serving it. Trust me, though we have had our differences when it came to our State, I can attest to one thing; that is, there is no stronger partner to serve the peo-ple of Nevada than H
ARRY REID. It has been said victorious leaders feel the alternative to winning is to-tally unacceptable so they figure out what must be done to achieve victory, and then they go after it with every-thing at their disposal. I believe that describes H
ARRY REIDin a nutshell. Another measure of success, some-thing H
ARRY and I have found amusing in the past, is being blamed for all things—all that is good, all that is bad, and all that is ugly. Let me assure you, H
ARRY has been blamed for a lot, some fairly and some unfairly. Senator R
EIDhas served in every level of government, from city attor-ney, the State assembly, Lieutenant Governor, U.S. Congressman, and Sen-ator. As a Senator, he is one of only three to serve at least 8 years as major-ity leader. Even in retirement, due to his far-reaching influence in just about every facet of State, local, and Federal Government, I totally expect he will operate as Nevada’s third Senator. After 26 elections, H
ARRY knows a thing or two about representing his constituency. He is one of the sharpest tactical minds ever to enter the polit-ical arena. Having worked together over the years, my hope is that we have sent a message, not only to all Nevadans but to everyone across this country, that two people who you can tell differ on many opinions can work well together, get things done for their constituents when both are willing. That is why it is fitting this week that the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act will pass the Senate and will be sent to the President’s desk to be signed into law. After fighting for years to refocus Federal policy on the 21st century threats to the lake, we teamed up to ensure important work that preserves the ‘‘Jewel of the Sierra’’ for future generations and that it will advance. One of H
ARRY ’s lasting legacies will be that he and I worked to improve water clarity, reduce wildfire threats, jump-start transportation and infra-structure projects, and combat invasive species at Lake Tahoe. Be-cause of this work, Lake Tahoe has once again been made a national pri-ority. Another policy initiative that we worked together on was the fight against Yucca Mountain. H
ARRY , rest assured, I will continue to fight Yucca. My mantra is borrowed from one of your late friends, the late Senator Ted Kennedy, when he said: ‘‘The work goes on, the cause endures. . . . ‘’ We will not allow Nevada to turn into America’s nuclear dump against the will of its own people. HARRY , you share the Nevada values such as faith in God, hard work, and commitment to family. I know, be-cause you displayed these values at home, at work, and at church. In fact, actually, that is how we first met H
ARRY . It was during his tenure as Lieutenant Governor when he spent time in Carson City. Our families were able to meet each other and become friends. Eventually, I became very good friends with his son Leif. H
ARRY , your dedication to family is extraordinary and it serves as a model to all of us. I would be remiss if I didn’t share a couple of my favorite H
ARRY REIDsto-ries. There are a lot of them. There are a few I cannot share, there are a few I can so I will share with you the ones I can. Before serving in the Senate, I was elected to the House of Representatives in 2007, until my appointment to the Senate in 2011. Late one evening, I was sitting in my office with my chief of staff, Mac Abrams, discussing a few last-minute details before leaving for the day. It must have been near the end of the week because staffers in the House offices were milling around the hall celebrating a birthday party, en-joying each other’s company, playing loud music, and taking a few moments to relax. I was having a hard time keeping the noise from the halls out of my office because of the thin walls. All of a sudden, it was if it all stopped im-mediately. A quiet hush came over the crowd. It became so quiet, to the point I could hear a small echoing—tap, tap, tap. The taps were magnified. The hall-way, which was previously full of life, just immediately died. I began to walk toward the hall to see what it was. I could tell the tapping noise was the sound of footsteps. As they grew louder and closer, I barely heard a peep in that hallway. Sure enough, the next sound I heard was the doorknob to my office turning, and in walks H
ARRY : ‘‘Hi, Dean. Do you have a few min-utes?’’ To me, that story illustrates how much presence H
ARRY has and the respect he commands no matter where he is. He quieted an entire hallway full of lively staffers by just passing through and walking down that hall-way. The second story occurred more re-cently. We were in H
ARRY ’s office on a January morning soon after I was elected to my first full term. During that campaign, H
ARRY and his special friends gave me 12 million reasons why I shouldn’t be standing there in his of-fice that day, but, hey, this is the Sen-ate and collegiality reigns supreme so I was at that breakfast because our con-stituents were there. H
ARRY and I have known each other for many years, and he made it a point to tell those in attendance how close we were. We were having a good break-fast. He gets up to tell everyone how long he had known me, some of my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.014 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6863 December 8, 2016 
background—but he kept highlighting how close we were. So after his short speech—a little shorter than today—H
ARRY looks at me, offers for me to say a few of my own words. So I just got up in the front of the room and made sure that every-body knew I could attest that at least one Reid voted for me—H
ARRY ’s son Leif. The look on H
ARRY ’s face was priceless. Seeing H
ARRY process the fact that there was a Reid who voted for me is a memory seared in my brain forever. For me, this speech is not a goodbye because I know we will be seeing you back home in our great State. H
ARRY , people, like me, may disagree with you at times, but we will always respect you for three things: your devotion to your family, your service to our State and Nation, and your commitment to fighting for what you believe in. This Chamber has been blessed with some of the greatest men and women who have ever served our Republic. Today I recognize and rise to recognize your place among these figures and hope your career will give inspiration to a young child from Carson City or Searchlight or anywhere else in Nevada to follow in your footsteps. Again, congratulations on your ca-reer. We, the people of Nevada, thank you for your service. Lynne and I wish you and Landra all the best in the years ahead—and as your new senior Senator, I hope I can count on your vote. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The assistant Democratic lead-er. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I wish to say a few words about H
ARRY REID, our departing, retiring, Democratic leader. It is appropriate he is not on the floor because it is painful for him to sit and hear anybody say anything nice about him. I am sure he is going to be happy not hearing these words, but I want the rest of the folks following the pro-ceedings in the Senate to hear them. I was first elected to the House of Representatives the same year as H
ARRY , 1982. A friend of mine, who is an attorney in Chicago named Ed Joyce, said: Be sure and look up this H
ARRY REIDfrom Nevada because he is a great fellow and a great lawyer. So I did. We came in with a large class of over 50 Members. I went up to H
ARRY  and said: Hi. I am D
ICKDURBIN from Il-linois. We have a mutual friend in Chi-cago. He said: Well, great. I am looking for-ward to working with you. I said: So are you headed up to Har-vard for the orientation? I will see you up there. He said: No, I am headed to Kansas City. We have settlement conference in a personal injury lawsuit that I couldn’t miss. And I thought to myself, this is some lawyer. Up to the bitter end of his legal career, he was still devoted to the cause of representing clients and rep-resenting them effectively. When HARRY makes a commitment, he keeps it. I knew at that moment and I have known it ever since. Four years later, he was in the Sen-ate, I was still in the House, but the day came when I finally got elected to the Senate and joined H
ARRY REID. I know we had a good friendship to start because we came to the House to-gether, but I remember the day and I remember the moment when that friendship became something special. It was right there in the well of the Senate. The most important bill in H
ARRY ’s political career was up for a vote. It was on Yucca Mountain. He came before the rollcall was being announced and he said: How are you going to vote? I said: Well, H
ARRY , I have kind of mixed feelings on this. He said: Stop. I need you. I think I have enough votes, but I may need you. So can you promise that if I need your vote you will be there? I said: Well, all right. But he said: But I don’t think I will need your vote. You know what happened next. They called the roll, and at the very end, one of the Democratic Senators he counted on voted the other way. He turned to me and said: Well? I said: I am giving you my word. And I voted with H
ARRY REIDon Yucca Mountain. That was the moment when our friendship became solid. In this busi-ness, your word is your bond. When you promise somebody you are going to stick with them come heck or high water, that is when it is tested. Our friendship grew from that point. I didn’t know the time would come, but it did, amazingly, when Tom Daschle lost in the Senate race in South Da-kota. The next day, I got a call from H
ARRY REID. He said: I hope you will consider running for whip. You ought to call every Member of the caucus, and I did. I quickly learned that many of them had called him and said: Whom do you want to be your whip? And he said: Well, I think D
URBIN would be a good choice. That is why I am sitting here today. Twelve years later, I am still serving as H
ARRY REID’s whip and still count-ing the votes on key issues, and during those 12 years, I probably spent more time talking to H
ARRY REID, my col-league in the Senate, than to any other Member of this body. It is a close, per-sonal friendship and relationship, and we have gone through a lot together. I listened to his stories. He told some of them today. He returns to his youth, growing up in Searchlight, which we heard about today in just wonderful de-tail, but he also returns to all of those friendships that were made during those years with people he grew up with in Searchlight and in Henderson, where he went to school. I have come to know these people as if they were my own classmates because I have heard these stories so many times. It is part of who he is, and it is part of his value system. It explains some impor-tant decisions in his life. When he talks about the Affordable Care Act, we understand that he still remembers that his mother needed den-tures, and he saved up money to buy his mother a set of teeth. He thought about the fact that there was no med-ical care for his family when they need-ed it the most. He thought about the depression that took his father’s life and how that might have been averted with the right medical care. That is what has inspired him to public life. The one thing that has inspired him the most is Landra. Over and over, I have heard these stories about this courtship. Now, by most standards, getting married when you are 19 is not recommended but, clearly, in this case, it worked out beautifully. When he tells the story of how he finally got Landra to marry him, it appears there was a little bit of tension between Landra’s family and this young HARRY  R
EID, to the point where Landra’s dad basically said to him: Stay away; I don’t want you dating my daughter. Well, they had words and other things, and H
ARRY insisted. He dated Landra, and they were married. The interesting thing about that is that despite that tension with her father in those early years, H
ARRY wears a ring that her fa-ther used to wear, and he carries it around with pride in memory of her fa-ther and her family. He manages to keep those memories as part of his life and his inspiration. Another thing my colleagues may or may not know is that H
ARRY is a vora-cious reader. He reads books con-stantly. Even after he lost the sight in his right eye, he has continued to read. I love to read as well. It has been one of my real joys in life, exchanging books with H
ARRY . He reads everything under the sun. One time he told me he was reading the Koran cover to cover. I thought: Man, that is something I am not sure I could even do. He has this curiosity, this interest in learning. Even at this point in his life, as he nears the end of his public career, he wants to continue to learn about peo-ple and history and important things. I look back on experiences we have had together. It was 9/11 when H
ARRY  and I were in a room just a few feet away from here when there was an at-tack in New York, and in Virginia, and we thought the Capitol would be the next target. We had to race out of this building and stand outside, not know-ing which way to turn as we were afraid that we were the next target here at the U.S. Capitol. Those were moments we spent together that I won’t forget. I remember as well that he was one of the first to say to my junior Senator from Illinois, Barack Obama, that he should seriously consider running for President. President Obama the other night said that was one of the most im-portant pieces of advice he received in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.016 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6864 December 8, 2016 
making his decision to be a candidate for President of the United States. It is an indication of H
ARRY ’s credibility— how much people trust him, and how when he gives his word, you know he is going to be there. When President Obama was elected, he needed a person—more than one, but he certainly needed a leader in the Sen-ate whom he could count on. He couldn’t have had a better ally than H
ARRY REID. When I look back on the battles over the last 8 years that were waged on behalf of America and H
ARRY ’s leadership role with the Presi-dent, there wasn’t another person in this Chamber who could really take as much credit. He would be the last per-son in the world to do so. When it came to the stimulus pack-age to turn this economy around, it was H
ARRY REIDcounting the votes. It was H
ARRY REIDworking every single day the holding hands of those Mem-bers of the Senate who weren’t quite sure they could be there when he need-ed them. It was H
ARRY REIDwho was counting up to 60 votes to pass the Affordable Care Act. It took every single Demo-crat. Not a single Republican would join us in that effort. And H
ARRY REID had to do it. What was he up against? He was up against Ted Kennedy, who sadly was giving his life up to cancer at that moment and fighting to stay alive until he could vote for that important bill. It was H
ARRY REIDworking with other Members of the Senate who would get cold feet on the issue and had to be brought back in. He did it time and again, day after day after day. In the end, 20 million Americans have health insurance because of H
ARRY REID’s determination that what he went through as a kid growing up in Searchlight would not be repeated for families across the United States. When it came to Wall Street reform and the Frank and Dodd bill that passed through the Senate, H
ARRY  stuck with it and made sure we passed it, hoping to avoid the kind of reces-sion we have been through and the damage that was done to businesses and families and individuals all across the United States. I knew he was a fighter because I knew his record when it came to being a lawyer. There are so many stories about his clients that I have heard over and over. I feel like they were my cli-ents because I have heard those stories so often. One of the things I remember and read about in his book I want to share with you. There was a woman named Joyce Martinez who was working in Las Vegas, and the police came in to the casino where she was working and arrested her for writing bad checks at the local grocery store. Joyce tried going to several lawyers and kept in-sisting they were wrong. She had never done anything like that, but none of these lawyers would take the case. Then she met H
ARRY REID. HARRY be-lieved her. H
ARRY said she reminded him of the people he had grown up with—real people who had nothing but hard work as their life. Like many of the cases HARRY decided to take, his colleagues said: What are you doing wasting your time on this case? Spend your time on worthwhile cases. But every step of the way, despite the ridi-cule, H
ARRY decided to stand up for this cocktail waitress. H
ARRY was de-termined to keep at it and to make sure that she had a strong voice in court. Ultimately, Joyce won her case, and H
ARRY REIDended up with a vic-tory that he still counted many years later as one of his great successes as a lawyer. He also made sure the store that brought the charges against her had to follow the law in the future. So he didn’t just help Joyce, he helped a lot of other people as well. For H
ARRY , this is what the law was all about as a lawyer and what it was all about as a Senator—making life better for people and families across the United States. He has fought for so many important causes, and there is one that I want to give special thanks for. It was his com-mitment to the DREAM Act. I intro-duced this legislation 16 years ago when I discovered a young woman in Chicago, undocumented, who sadly couldn’t go on with her life and go to college because of her legal status. I in-troduced the DREAM Act to say those young people brought to the United States as kids deserve a second chance. H
ARRY REIDheard my speeches and then met his own DREAMer in Nevada: Astrid Silva, a DREAMer who would often write to H
ARRY with updates on her life. On December 8, 2010, H
ARRY  R
EIDkept his promise to me and a promise to Astrid and to other DREAMers by allowing the DREAM Act to be brought to the floor for a vote. The Senate Gallery was filled with DREAMers wearing their gradua-tion gowns and caps to remind people they were students who wanted to use their education and talents for the fu-ture of America. Fifty-five Senators voted for the DREAM Act that day. H
ARRY had given us our chance. But it wasn’t enough to pass because we need-ed 60 votes under the Senate rules. H
ARRY REIDjoined me and 22 other Senators in sending a letter to the President of the United States asking that he do everything he can to protect these DREAMers, and he did, with an Executive order known as DACA. To date, 744,000 of these young people have been protected with President Obama’s Executive order, because H
ARRY REID believed, as I believe, that these young people deserve the chance. Let me tell my colleagues one last story that I think really defines H
ARRY —his courage, as well as Landra’s courage. It goes back to his days as chairman of the Nevada Gam-ing Commission. Being a Mormon, not gambling, not drinking, he was the per-fect choice for gaming commissioner. It was hard to consider bribing him. In the 1970s, HARRY wore a wire for the FBI to catch a bribery attempt. The tape that was transcribed from that wire ends with H
ARRY jumping out of his seat and shouting: You SOB, you tried to bribe me. H
ARRY couldn’t tol-erate that somebody thought he could be bought. In an effort to retaliate, the mob was mad at H
ARRY , and they planted a bomb in his family car. Thank good-ness, a watchful Landra spotted it and told H
ARRY : Don’t start the car. They are alive today because of Landra’s vig-ilance, but they suffered that indignity because of their courage in standing up for ethics and integrity. Today, when we hear people talking about how rough politics can be, it certainly doesn’t lead to a bomb, in most cir-cumstances. In this case, H
ARRY proved then and today that he is up to that kind of a challenge. Let me conclude with this. In H
ARRY ’s childhood home in Search-light, there were words embroidered on a pillowcase that his mom hung on the wall. As we have heard, it was a simple and barren little shack that they lived in, but this pillowcase had the fol-lowing words: ‘‘We can, we will, we must,’’ Franklin Delano Roosevelt. H
ARRY never forgot those words. They are engrained in his spirit. I want to thank him for what he has done for the Senate, for the State of Nevada, for me, and for his decades of service to the United States. I want to thank Landra and their five kids and their wonderful family for sharing her hus-band and their father with us for all of these years. H
ARRY is leaving the Senate, but I am sure he is not going to quit. He is going to be fighting for Nevada to the end, and he will be fighting for the causes he believes in. He will continue to be a fearless advocate. I wish him and his family all the best. I yield the floor. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, Senator H
ARRY REIDand I were both elected to the House in 1982, and over the last 34 years, H
ARRY has become more than a colleague to me. He is like family. I call him the ‘‘brother I never had,’’ and he calls me the ‘‘sister he never had.’’ Only a brother can hang up on you like H
ARRY does. And because a sister’s job is to em-barrass her brother, I want to talk today about H
ARRY ’s incredible, ex-traordinary career and how much he means to me. H
ARRY , his wife, Landra, my hus-band, Stewart, and I have all grown to be dear friends and enjoy quiet dinners together. Stew and I even invited them to stay with us in our California desert home once—where I cooked, much to H
ARRY ’s disbelief. Theirs is a truly beautiful love story. They met in high school and have been together ever since. There was one incident early on that could have derailed them. When H
ARRY  went to pick Landra up for a date, her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.017 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6865 December 8, 2016 
father, a Jewish immigrant, was op-posed to his daughter dating a man with no religion. But that wasn’t going to stop H
ARRY . He actually got into a fistfight with his future father-in-law and punched him in the face. As H
ARRY simply said, ‘‘It wasn’t the greatest beginning.’’ But love always prevails. H
ARRY and Landra eloped during college, and Landra’s parents eventually came around to supporting them. And throughout H
ARRY ’s career— throughout every campaign, every election, every bump in the road— Landra has been by H
ARRY ’s side, and he by hers. Though he has risen to the highest levels of success, H
ARRY has never for-gotten where he came from and has al-ways fought like hell for his State. He was born in what he calls a ‘‘flyspeck on the map’’—Searchlight, NV in 1939, a year before me. To say he grew up poor is an under-statement. His childhood home had no toilet or running water, and in order to attend high school, he had to move in with relatives 40 miles away. Nothing came easy for H
ARRY , but he never let that deter him. In high school, he wanted to buy a car, so he took a job at a bakery that required him to wake up at 4 a.m. during the week—3 a.m. on weekends. In his spare time, he took up boxing, which earned him a college scholarship. His very humble beginnings taught him the value of hard work. We have all heard H
ARRY tell the story of work-ing six days a week as a U.S. Capitol Police Officer while putting himself through law school full-time at George Washington University. For years, he proudly displayed his badge here in his D.C. office. Upon graduation from law school, he returned to Nevada as an at-torney specializing in what he called, ‘‘the cases nobody would take’’ before starting his career in elected office: First, as the Henderson city attorney, then as an assemblyman, Lieutenant Governor, and chairman of the Nevada Gaming Commission, before winning election to the House of Representa-tives. After two terms in the House, H
ARRY  won a seat in the Senate, where he gained a reputation for integrity and fairness. He was elected as our leader in 2004, and I believe he will go down in history as one of the best. H
ARRY is a workhorse, not a show horse. He is soft-spoken and a wonderful lis-tener, but is not afraid to speak up. He doesn’t seek the spotlight—in fact, he often avoids it at all costs—but he also knows how to use it to fight for those without a voice. And, he takes the time to know every member of his caucus—what makes us tick, what our core issues are, and where we each draw the line. I want to relate one particular story that truly exemplifies the leader H
ARRY is. One December night in 2009, I got a call from HARRY and Senator C HUCK  S
CHUMER . They were trying to nego-tiate the final issue on the Affordable Care Act, and this was our last chance to get the bill passed. We needed every single Democrat in order to end the Republican filibuster, but we had reached a stumbling block: Senator Ben Nelson believed the Fed-eral subsidy in the ACA should not go towards abortion. If he voted against the bill, Obamacare would be gone. So H
ARRY  trusted Senator P
ATTY MURRAY and me with the crucial responsibility of find-ing a solution. For 13 grueling hours, my team and I would come up with an idea, Senator S
CHUMER would run it over to Senator Nelson, and we would volley back and forth until we finally landed on a com-promise. The bill was saved, and today, more than 20 million Americans have health care—many for the first time ever— thanks, in large part, to H
ARRY REID. He never gave up, and he trusted mem-bers of his caucus to help get this bill— one of the most important health care bills in a generation—across the finish line. H
ARRY has perfected the art of strat-egy and negotiation. He knows when to compromise and when to stand up and fight—especially when it comes to his beloved Nevada. He has accomplished far too many things to mention, but I want to quick-ly talk about a few issues. No one fought harder against the plan to dump nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain, which would have threat-ened the health and safety of Nevad-ans. Since he was first elected to Con-gress 34 years ago, H
ARRY fought pro-posal after proposal until the plan was finally scrapped—almost entirely be-cause of him. He has been instrumental in the fight to protect and restore Lake Tahoe— which is shared between our two States. H
ARRY created the Lake Tahoe Summit and worked across party lines to help keep Tahoe blue. He has protected more than three million acres of wilderness, established Great Basin National Park, and has fought to protect our landmark envi-ronmental laws. And when we were in the throes of the worst economic crisis in a genera-tion, H
ARRY fought tooth and nail to stop the hemorrhaging of jobs and help Americans keep their homes—espe-cially in Nevada, which was one of the hardest hit States. H
ARRY worked tirelessly to shepherd the Recovery Act through Congress—a monumental task in our political envi-ronment. At every turn, the right wing threw everything they had at us, but H
ARRY took it all on the chin with his strength, stamina, and fortitude. He stepped up and helped us avoid Armageddon, and I give a great deal of credit to Senator R
EIDand President Obama for that. At his core, that is who HARRY REID is: When he believes something to be right, he doesn’t think twice about putting the gloves on, hopping in the ring and fighting for what he believes in. He just does it. For this, and for so many other rea-sons, H
ARRY has made the Democratic Party better. He has made Nevada bet-ter. He has made our country better. And on a personal level, H
ARRY has made me better. I will forever be grate-ful for his leadership, his mentorship, and most of all, his friendship. In closing, I would like to read the words I wrote about him. 
Harry . . . thank you for the strength you give to us. Harry . . . thank you for the way you make them cuss. So you’re not a TV star, We just take you as you are. Harry, blue and true, No one like you. Harry . . . working from the day until the night. Harry . . . never turns away when there’s a fight. Good thing there are no Senate duels! Harry, blue and true, No one like you. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUDIT  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to alert the new Trump administration to a prob-lem in the Defense Department. There is a festering sore needing high-level attention. I am talking about what turns out to be a formidable barrier. It stands in the way of an important goal: auditing the books of the Department of Defense. At times, this barrier makes the goal seem unattainable. The need for annual financial audits was originally established by the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990. By March of 1992, each agency was to present a financial statement to an in-spector general for audit. Today, all have earned unqualified or clean opin-ions, except one, and guess what. The Department of Defense is that one. It has the dubious distinction, out of all of the Federal Government, of earning an unblemished string of failing opin-ions known as disclaimers. In the face of endless stumbling, Con-gress drew a new line in the sand. It is in section 1003 of the fiscal year 2010 National Defense Authorization Act. The Pentagon was given an extra 7 years to clean up the books and get ready. Guess what. The slipping and sliding never stopped. The revised Sep-tember 2017 deadline is staring us in the face, and all the evidence tells us the Department will never make it. The 25-year effort to audit the books is stuck in the mud. Billions of dollars have been spent trying to solve the root cause of the problem, and that root cause is a bro-ken accounting system. But the fix is nowhere in sight. Until control at the transaction level is achieved, auditing the books is nothing more than a pipe-dream. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.008 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6866 December 8, 2016 
Under the fiscal year 2010 law, the Fi-nancial Improvement and Auditing Readiness Plan, called FIAR, is sup-posed to tell us whether the financial statements of the Defense Department ‘‘are validated as ready for audit by not later than September 30, 2017.’’ The latest FIAR report hit the street last month, but it does not answer the key question: Is the Department of De-fense ready for audit? I read it, and I don’t know for sure. It is a study in fuzzy thinking. It is kind of like a rid-dle, and here is why. True, the Department boldly declares that it is audit-ready. But in the very same breath, the Comptroller and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mike McCord, takes a step backward. He warns that earning a clean opinion is ‘‘many years’’ away. Being audit-ready should offer a reasonable prospect for success, but something is really out of whack here. So the ultimate objective of section 1003 is a successful audit or clean opin-ion. Mr. McCord’s words seem to turn that objective upside down. How can the Department be audit-ready and meet the deadline if it is still years away from a clean opinion? Mr. McCord’s message appears to be downright confusing, contradictory, and possibly misleading. If he knows the Department of Defense is years away from a clean opinion, then he must also know that it is not audit- ready or even close to it. He has to know that the accounting system is in-capable of producing reliable informa-tion that meets prescribed standards. That tells me the Department of De-fense is not audit-ready yet, and he knows it—like everyone else. Before he steps down, Mr. McCord owes us an explanation for the con-fusing statements. And once the new Pentagon leadership is up to speed, I look forward to further clarification. I also hope this new team will ad-dress the wisdom of doing full financial statement audits when there is limited control at the transaction level. By proceeding with full-scale audits with-out it, Mr. McCord has put the cart in front of the horse. Spending hundreds of millions of dollars a year for audits with a zero probability of success is wasteful. I would like to remind my colleagues why a successful audit is so important. First and foremost, it would conform with constitutional requirements. It would strengthen internal controls and facilitate the detection of fraud and theft. But it is also important for more practical reasons: It would help bring about better, more informed decision-making. Management can’t make good decisions with bad information. If ac-counting information is inaccurate and incomplete—as it is today at the De-partment of Defense—then manage-ment doesn’t know what anything costs or how the money is being spent, and if they don’t have that information at their fingertips, how could they pos-sibly make good decisions? January 2015 was when the report I was referring to was first put out, but it was just now made public. Recent revelations about the $125 billion in ‘‘administrative waste,’’ which was al-legedly suppressed by senior defense of-ficials, is living proof of bad decisions. If the time ever comes when the De-partment of Defense’s accounting sys-tem can generate reliable information, then such mistakes could be avoided. So I keep coming back to the same old questions: Why has faulty account-ing information been tolerated at the Pentagon for all these years? How is it that the Pentagon is able to develop the most advanced weapons the world has ever known with relative ease and yet, for some strange reason, it seems unable to acquire the tools it needs to keep track of the money it spends? Why is this national disgrace being tol-erated at the Pentagon? There are never-ending bureaucratic explanations, but there don’t seem to be any solutions. With good leadership, this problem can be solved. The man nominated to be the next Secretary of Defense, Mr. James Mattis, strikes me as the kind of person who will tackle this problem head-on and run it to the ground until fixed. His record suggests he will not tolerate this kind of endless foot-drag-ging and inexcusable failure. Twenty- five years of lameduck excuses prob-ably won’t sit too well with this ma-rine general. Either he will whip the accounting system into shape or heads will roll. According to press reports, ‘‘failure’’ is not a word that he knows or uses. With a new sheriff in town, maybe the endless, helpless ‘‘woe is me’’ hand- wringing at the Pentagon is about to come to a screeching halt. A modern, fully integrated finance and accounting system might be more than just the dream it has been. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent to be allowed to have a prop with me. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I rise here in the Chamber to give my last speech in the Senate. I want to describe some experiences I have had that are at the heart of my service in the Congress. As a staffer, I worked for the House International Relations Committee and for Chairman Benjamin Gilman. He had been asked by Cardinal John O’Connor of New York to investigate the plight of Catholics in northern Bosnia. From that assignment, I went to northern Bosnia to meet with Bishop Komanic, who started out the meeting in a very difficult fashion. He started by saying: Am I a human? Am I a human? Am I? I said: Yes, you are. He said: You foreign delegations al-ways don’t do anything for me. I said to Bishop Komanic: Please give me one task that I can take on for you. He said: If there is one thing I need, it is to get my human rights office head, Father Tomislava Matanovic— who was recently captured by a very notorious criminal, the police chief of Prijedor, Bosnia, who was infamous for starting the first concentration camp in Europe after 1945. It was called the Omarska Camp. The man who ran this place was named Simo Drljaca. He pushed 700 bodies down the shaft of this mine. In this work, he had probably captured the priest I wanted, Tomislava Matanovic. When I went back to the States, as a reservist, I ransacked the DOD data-bases. We found from intelligence re-ports that we suspected this police chief of Prijedor had been the kid-napper of Tomislava Matanovic. I went to the CIA and asked to meet with this man so I could urge him to give this priest back to me. When Simo Drljaca met with me, he gave me this memento of Serbia. It has the markings of St. George slaying a dragon, with a date of 1994, and various Serbian markings. After I learned so much about Simo Drljaca, I asked the Clinton adminis-tration to make sure they could indict him for war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, to make sure we could eventu-ally bring him down. When the Bosnian secret police brought him to me, he gave me this memento, which I have kept under my desk. He gave that to me hoping maybe he would not get picked up. Luckily, the Clinton administration had decided to pick him up. They had a typically obscure DOD acronym to cover the sta-tus of this kind of person. They called them PIFWC, persons indicted for war crimes. Eventually we got an operation to-gether to arrest Simo Drljaca, and the British Special Air Service carried it out. When they waited for Simo, they waited by a riverbank for him to do his Sunday fishing with his son. An officer had painstakingly memo-rized the Serbian’s arrest record and indictment so he could read it to Drljaca in his British accent. When he started reading the indictment, Drljaca reached down into his fishing tackle box and shot the British arresting offi-cer. Luckily, the British officer did survive, was wearing body armor. When that shot rang out, the security team across from the river put several rounds into Drljaca’s chest. He dropped dead right there at the beach. After I heard about this, I was so proud to be part of this congressional team and to still be an officer in the U.S. Navy. I will say that this institution, and the U.S. military that has given rise from the appropriations we have given, is the greatest force for human dignity that has ever been put forward. I was so proud we brought this monster to justice. The guy who put together the first concentration camp in Europe had been stopped, and he could no longer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.019 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6867 December 8, 2016 
hurt anyone. And this memento has been underneath my desk here in the Senate ever since to remind me of the basic human values that we share so dear—that we have here. I would say the United States is now the greatest force for human dignity that we have ever seen. To make sure those values continue has been at the heart of my service here in the Senate and in the Congress. Let me conclude by thanking some critical people. I thank Congressman John Porter for hiring me back in 1984, when I started my service here in the Congress; Chair-man Ben Gilman of New York for put-ting me on that international com-mittee; the people of the 10th Congres-sional District of Illinois who first sent me to the House and the people of Illi-nois who also sent me to represent their State here; all the family and friends who put me here: Karen Garber and Michael Morgan, especially Dodie McCracken, who was always at my side—people who wanted to make sure we had a person of thoughtful, inde-pendent values who could serve here in the Congress. To conclude, I want to give a mes-sage to the people of Illinois. For the people of Illinois, I would say: Take heart, Illinois, that you come from one of the most industrious States in the Union, the fifth largest industrial State. Especially after the problems we had with Governor Blagojevich, we have been a little down in the dumps. A lot of times, I will pull out my iPhone and ask people in the State the same question: Who invented the iPhone, the cell phone? And the answer is, Martin Cooper from Winnetka, IL. On the top of the iPhone is a trans-mitter, and I remind us that the first cell phone call in the world was made from the 50 yard line of Soldier Field in Chicago. That trillion-dollar industry started right in the middle of our State. That, we should always remem-ber. Lots of times when I am giving this speech, I will say: If it weren’t for the people of Illinois, a lot of the people you know would be missing teeth, be-cause we invented modern dentistry with GV Black in Jacksonville, and our houses would not be so clean, because we invented the vacuum cleaner. People on the southwest side of Chi-cago say: K
IRK, tell them that we in-vented the zipper—which they did. People in Peoria will say: Hey, re-mind them that we invented the elec-tric blanket. And they did. From the electric blanket to the vac-uum cleaner and the cell phone, the people of Illinois have been so innova-tive. Now we have a unique time in his-tory. I can safely say without con-tradiction here in the Senate that the Chicago Cubs are now the World Series champions. As I have said so many times, any professional baseball team can have a bad century, but we have fi-nally killed the curse of the goat and all the curses that befell our profes-sional baseball team. I would say take heart, Illinois. You are so inventive that you produce most of the pumpkins in the country. When we sit down to Thanksgiving pumpkin pie, that is 80 percent Illinois. Mr. President, with that, I yield the remainder of my time to the victor of the Illinois Senate race, Senator-Elect TAMMY DUCKWORTH . Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is be-coming too common a theme that the U.S. Senate, in the closing days of ses-sion, rushes to consider a conferenced defense authorization bill. Earlier this year, we considered one of the largest defense authorization bills in history, and the Senate considered few amend-ments and was afforded a truncated de-bate period. Worse, the authorization threatened to bust a carefully balanced budget agreement, by misusing over-seas contingency operations, OCO, funds for base spending. I opposed that bill. Now, in the closing hours of the Congress, we are faced with a vote on a conferenced version of that bill. It is far from perfect. However, like open government groups across the spectrum, I am pleased to see that a dangerous provi-sion concerning the Freedom of Infor-mation Act, FOIA, that Senator G
RASSLEY and I strongly opposed has been removed from the final bill. This overbroad provision, which was part of the reason I opposed the Senate bill, could have categorically exempted a vast amount of Department of Defense information from public disclosure, in-cluding potentially the Pentagon’s handling of sexual assault complaints, reports about defective equipment issued to soldiers in combat zones, and documented health hazards faced by military families living on bases abroad. Hiding such information from public scrutiny would directly under-mine the transparency required to ad-dress threats to the safety and security of our troops. As the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, the committee with jurisdic-tion over FOIA matters, Senator G
RASSLEY and I are glad that our con-cerns were taken seriously and ad-dressed. Now that this provision has been struck, our Nation’s premier transparency law can continue its crit-ical mission of watching over the safe-ty of those who risk it all to keep us safe. I am also grateful for the vital sup-port this bill provides to our military personnel and their families and the augmentation of our preparedness to deter, or meet, future threats through a wise investment in technology and people. As the world becomes less sta-ble, this bill includes a number of measures to reaffirm our long-standing commitments to our partners abroad who work with us to make the world safer. Nonetheless, I still have concerns with a number of ill-considered provi-sions in this bill. I am not yet satisfied that sufficient consideration has been given to how the caps on general offi-cers affect the National Guard, where leadership often alternates between Army and Air Force officers. No one has accounted for why the vice chief of the National Guard Bureau is the only Vice Chief to not have a grade estab-lished by statute. And I remain con-cerned that this bill removes the re-quirement that the deputy commander of the U.S. Northern Command be drawn from the ranks of the National Guard. It is our National Guard leaders who are most capable of responding to domestic disasters. Regrettably, this year’s defense au-thorization bill also misses an oppor-tunity to provide the Obama adminis-tration with the flexibility it needs to finally close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. Rather than putting an end to this shameful chapter in our Nation’s history, the bill maintains the status quo by extending the unneces-sary prohibition on constructing facili-ties within the United States to house Guantanamo detainees and continues the counterproductive ban on transfer-ring detainees to the United States for detention and trial. Closing the deten-tion facility at Guantanamo is in our national security interest. It is the right thing to do. I strongly oppose the needless barriers to doing that in this bill. In the end, I do believe this author-ization bill more appropriately pro-vides for the common defense. None-theless, Members of Congress, on either side of the aisle, should not tolerate this perennially constrained debate over the authorization of over half of our Nation’s budget. Similarly, if Con-gress considers legislation next year about the important question of civil-ian control of the military, it should not do so under the abbreviated, re-stricted debate by which we will finally approve the National Defense Author-ization Act for fiscal year 2017. It was my highest honor when Vermonters voted to send me back to the Senate this past November. In a time of uncertainty, they are looking for leaders. I am, too. I hope Senate leaders next year will insist on regular order and the deliberative process that has long been the hallmark of this body. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to discuss the passage of my legis-lation, the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, which was included in the fiscal year 2017 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, NDAA, conference report. I especially want to thank Senator M
CCAINwho partnered with me on this legislation and who has been a true champion in the Senate for human rights and the fight against corruption. I also thank Senator B
OBCORKER , Senator J ACK R
EED, Congressman E DROYCE , and Congressman E
LIOT ENGEL for their help getting this important bill over the finish line. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.021 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6868 December 8, 2016 
Before I discuss the specifics of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Ac-countability Act, I want to discuss how we got here. In the 112th Congress, we passed the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act. That act placed sanctions on Russian officials responsible for the death of Sergei Magnitsky, a Russian lawyer who was arrested after he uncovered massive corruption in Russia. In 2009, Sergei Magnitsky died after suffering tor-turous conditions in pretrial detention. Those responsible for his torture and death were not brought to justice in Russia and some were even decorated and promoted. With enactment of the Magnitsky legislation in 2012, the United States sent an unambiguous warning to gross violators of human rights in Russia that we will not allow them to travel to our shores and to use our financial system. The Magnitsky Act resulted in dozens of Russians implicated in his death from receiving travel visas and from benefiting from our financial sys-tem—and represented an extraordinary victory for human rights defenders in Russia. As we know all too well, however, human rights violations against dis-sidents, journalists, whistleblowers, and rights advocates aren’t unique to Russia. That is why Senator M
CCAIN and I introduced the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, which gives the President the author-ity to deny human rights abusers and those engaged in significant acts of corruption entry into the United States and access to our financial in-stitutions. Including significant acts of corrup-tion as a sanctionable offense is an im-portant addition to this legislation. The correlation between corruption, human rights abuses, and repressive governments is clear. Corruption desta-bilizes democracies, weakens a coun-try’s rule of law and can stall a na-tion’s development. And those who call out these abuses are often threatened, physically or psychologically abused, or worse. As many of my colleagues know, the United States has long struggled with the best way to address human rights violations and corruption around the globe. With passage of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Account-ability Act, I believe we now have the tools to hold accountable gross viola-tors of human rights and those who en-gage in serious acts of corruption in a way that bolsters both our national se-curity and foreign policy goals. Bad ac-tors from South Sudan to Venezuela and Azerbaijan to Cambodia are on no-tice that they can no longer escape the consequences of their actions, even when their home country fails to act. But in my view, the most important message this legislation sends is that the United States stands in solidarity with all those who stand up against corruption and human rights viola-tions—and we do so through both words and actions. I, again, thank my Senate colleagues for their support for this important bill and for joining me in standing up for all those who seek a more just world, even though doing so often puts their own lives in jeopardy. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. TRIBUTES TO DEPARTING SENATORS  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I want to take an opportunity to salute and thank and commend my colleagues who are departing. 
MARK KIRK  
Mr. President, Senator K IRK, my col-league from Illinois, just finished his remarks. M
ARKand I had the opportunity and the privilege to work on many things together. He is a Navy commander. He never lets me forget that. He always called me Major; I always called him Commander. He served the State of Il-linois with great integrity, great en-ergy, and great spirit, and we thank him for that very much. Thank you for your service to the Nation in the uniform of the United States Navy. We also have other colleagues depart-ing: Senator A
YOTTE from New Hamp-shire; Senator B
OXER of California, Senator C
OATS of Indiana; as I men-tioned, Senator K
IRKof Illinois; Sen-ator M
IKULSKI of Maryland; Senator R
EIDof Nevada; and Senator V ITTER of Louisiana. Each has brought passion in their work to best serve their constitu-ents, and the institution of the Senate and the Nation are better for this serv-ice. I am better for knowing them, working with them, and having the op-portunity to share with them, and I want to thank them for their service. Let me mention a few words with re-spect to all of these distinguished Sen-ators. 
KELLY AYOTTE  
Mr. President, K ELLY AYOTTE and I worked together for many years on the Armed Services Committee. What she brought was an unparalleled commit-ment to and passion for the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States. She wanted them to have a quality of life that reflects their service and their sacrifice. She wanted them to have the training and the equipment that would protect them as they engage our foes, and she wanted to make sure they knew that we were always conscious of their sacrifice and service. She did this in so many dif-ferent ways, and she did it so well. She was particularly committed to making sure that the A–10 aircraft re-mained in our inventory. As someone who as a younger person was an infan-try officer, I appreciated having seen in training how effective that system is to protect our forces on the ground, and her efforts were unstinting to make sure that our forces were fully protected. Again, that is just one ex-ample of her commitment. 
BARBARA BOXER  
Mr. President, B ARBARA BOXER and I had the privilege to serve both in the House and the Senate together. My first term in the House of Representa-tives was BARBARA ’s last term in the House before she was elected to the Senate. She is an extraordinary, tena-cious fighter—remarkably so. She has fought for women’s rights. She has fought for the rights of families, for people who needed economic assist-ance, and for people who needed a chance because she realized that the essence of America is opportunity—op-portunity for all, not just for those who are privileged or who have the benefit of wealth or power but for all. She has done this extraordinarily well. A great deal of her energy was di-rected to environmental protection be-cause that is something that benefits all of us and that is something that is really the biggest legacy we will give to the next generation and the genera-tions that follow. No one has more fiercely defended the environment—not just for a narrow interest, not just for a temporary expedient but for the long- term health and wealth of the Amer-ican people. 
DAN COATS  
Mr. President, D ANCOATS and I served together. This goes back to both his tenures in the Senate. D
ANand I served in the Armed Services and HELP Committees. He was a remark-able Member. He continues to be a re-markable Member. He left us for a while to serve as Ambassador to Ger-many. Once again—no surprise—he dis-tinguished himself with his thoughtful support of American policy, with his international approach to issues of concern, and with the ability to bring people together, not just colleagues in the Senate but, also, international col-leagues. When he returned, I was very, very grateful for his help. Senator D
EAN H
ELLER and I were working very hard together on a bipartisan basis to help unemployment insurance extension. D
ANjoined us in that effort, and I thank him for that. It reflects the huge range of talent and interests that he has and, also, his commitment to the men and women of Indiana, particu-larly the working men and women of Indiana. 
MARK KIRK  
Mr. President, M ARK KIRK I have mentioned. I had the privilege, the op-portunity, and the pleasure of being able to salute him as he was here. Again, we always greet each other as Major Reed and Commander Kirk, and I see deep symbolism and deep affec-tion in regard to that exchange. I wish him well as he goes forth. 
DAVID VITTER  
Mr. President, D AVID VITTER and I served together on the Armed Services Committee, and we continue to serve together on the Banking Committee. As a senior member of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee, he has been very critical in ensuring that we continue our commitment to infra-structure. Infrastructure is a word now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.049 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6869 December 8, 2016 
that is getting a lot of attention. Years ago, D
AVID was interested in that, not only interested but instrumental in making sure we did our best to keep up with infrastructure so that we could have a productive America, so that people could enjoy the benefits, and so that we could be competitive in a glob-al economy. He has done a great deal. One area where we also shared an interest is his Home Owner Flood Insurance Afford-ability Act, which became law in 2014. This was critical not just to Louisiana but to every coastal State, including Rhode Island. His energy, his commit-ment, and his dedication made it a suc-cess. I want to thank him for that, and I wish him well as he goes forward. 
BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Mr. President, B ARBARA MIKULSKI — what an extraordinary individual. She is a pioneer. She was the first Demo-cratic woman Senator elected in her own right. She is the longest serving woman in the history of the Congress. B
ARBARA MIKULSKI and history are one in the same. She has made it. She came from very modest roots in Baltimore. She talked yesterday on the floor about her father and mother running a small grocery store in her neighbor-hood. She took that sense of commu-nity, that sense of dedication, and that sense of selfless service to others. As she said, she was inspired by the nuns that taught her, and that inspiration was extraordinary and fully realized in her life. There are a lot of Sisters of Mercy and Sisters of Notre Dame who are sitting back today thinking: I knew that young lady had it in her. She certainly did. She led us on the Appropriations Committee, the first woman to chair the committee. She has done so much to assist me on issues that are so important to Rhode Island. I must say that she and Kit Bond, one of her colleagues, were ex-traordinary in recognizing the prob-lems of lead exposure in children and providing needed resources. I thank her for that. She has assisted the fishermen in communities in Rhode Island with real assistance and real aid. She has done it over and over. She has given me pro-found advice, counsel, and kindness. She said yesterday on the floor: The best ship in the world is friendship. I agree, but ultimately the measure of our service and of our days is kindness. I must say that by that measure, she is a very towering figure in the Senate, in the history of the United States, and I thank her. 
HARRY REID  
Mr. President, finally, there is our leader, H
ARRY REID. Much has been said about H
ARRY today. I will not go over the extraordinary tale of a young man from Searchlight, NV. He was a boxer and a Capitol Police officer while he was working his way through law school. He has always been a fighter— and a fighter for those who need help, not for the powerful but for the people without power. For those without a voice, he has given a voice. I have always appreciated his coun-sel, his guidance, and his support, which were important to my constitu-ents and important to all Americans. We have worked on numerous pieces of legislation together to address the housing crisis, to extend unemploy-ment insurance, to make college more affordable, and to improve mental health services, to name just a few. As he said today in his remarks, one of his achievements is to be able to give health care protection to millions of Americans who didn’t have it and if it is taken away will not have it. He did that because it was the right thing to do, because he understood from his own personal experience how trauma-tizing and how debilitating and, ulti-mately, how destructive the lack of ac-cess to good health care—both physical health care and mental health care—is to America, and, also, how it does make us productive. Simply having health care is not just a good thing to do, it is a smart economic thing to do. He led that fight for us. It has been an honor to serve along-side HARRY REIDand to see this ex-traordinary legislator work his way quietly sometimes—many times—but persistently. There is no one more per-sistent than H
ARRY . His steady, unself-ish leadership will continue to guide us and his example will continue to guide us. I have been very fortunate. I have had the privilege to serve with these ladies and gentlemen, and I want to thank them for their service. 
TRIBUTE TO VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN  
Mr. President, I was also very privi-leged to serve with the Vice President of the United States, J
OEBIDEN. The Vice President was here yesterday. I was here listening to the comments. I must add, if I could, some words of my own. J
OEBIDEN is a true statesman. I had the privilege of serving with him for over a decade. We traveled together to places such as Afghanistan and Iraq. I am honored to have gotten to know him and his wonderful family. Even though he is Vice President of the United States of America—the second highest office of the land—I know the titles he is proudest to hold are father, grandfather, husband, brother, and, after that, Senator. A tribute to J
OEBIDEN really has to extend to some others, and one person I want to single out is his sister, Val-erie Biden Owens. Val is not only his closest adviser but the architect of his first campaign and every one there-after. At a time when very few women were running U.S. Senate campaigns, Val was responsible for electing a 29- year-old newcomer. When tragedy struck, she was the one who helped bring him back, who enabled him to serve the people of Delaware and, ulti-mately, the people of the United States and of the world. She is a brilliant strategist who has gone on to advise many officeholders. We thank her for her lasting contributions, and I wanted to make sure she got some credit. Both the Vice President and Val are quick to note the real credit goes to their parents—Catherine Jean Finnegan Biden, his mom, and his late, great father, Joe Sr. The Vice Presi-dent and I would often joke—and it is not a joke; it is actually a truth: Al-ways aspire to be half as good as mom and dad. That is an Irish aspiration. Joe has made it. I am still working on it, but he is at least half as good as these extraordinary people. If you have spent any time with the Vice President, you know that he is fa-mous for quoting his father and his mother and the wisdom they imparted to all the children—Joe, Val, Jimmy, and Frank. I think you have heard Sen-ator BIDEN, Chairman B IDEN, and Vice President B
IDEN say: ‘‘I give you my word as a Biden.’’ You know you can take that to the bank. He meant it. Once you heard that, without hesi-tation, you know he was there with you and would not equivocate, would not deviate, and would be with you. I had the privilege of not only work-ing with Senator B
IDEN, but I also had the privilege of working with a young captain in the U.S. Army, at least briefly, as we visited him, and that was CPT Beau Biden of the Delaware Na-tional Guard. Beau Biden didn’t have to join the National Guard. He didn’t have to volunteer for Iraq, but he felt it was his duty and his obligation. When we were together with him in Iraq, you saw someone who personified the very best of this Nation—a soldier, someone conscientious, someone who would give his all, give his life for oth-ers and, particularly, give every ounce of energy and service to this great Na-tion. Anyone who met Beau knew he was a Biden. He didn’t have to say it. He looked like his dad but, more impor-tantly, he acted like his dad—strong, tough, proud, dedicated, committed to helping others, particularly those who needed a chance, who needed a hand up. He had a passion for social justice, compassion, and that element of kind-ness. In the sum of his days—of Beau’s days—he certainly surpassed that test of kindness, decency, and compassion. The Biden family has known a great deal of tragedy—more than most fami-lies—but they have stuck together, and they have shared both moments of tri-umph and moments of profound sad-ness. Together, they have shaped his-tory and made this a better nation and a better world. All of us who have had the privilege of knowing J
OE, Jill, and their family are better people. Mr. President, let me thank you. Mr. Vice President, Senator, J
OE, thank you. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.023 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6870 December 8, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, the Con-stitution gives the Congress the power and responsibility to provide for the common defense, raise and support ar-mies, provide and maintain a Navy, make rules for the government and regulation of the land naval forces. For 54 consecutive years, Congress has ful-filled these more important constitu-tional duties by passing the National Defense Authorization Act. Today the Senate has a chance to make it 55 years. It is precisely because of this legisla-tion’s critical importance to our na-tional security that it is still one of the few bills in Congress that enjoys bi-partisan support year after year. In-deed, this year’s NDAA has been sup-ported by Senators on both sides of the aisle. The Senate Armed Services Com-mittee overwhelmingly approved the NDAA in a 23-to-3 vote back in May. The full committee followed by passing the NDAA with a bipartisan vote of 85 to 13. After a collaborative and produc-tive conference process, the House passed the NDAA conference report with an overwhelming vote of 375 to 34. I hope the Senate will deliver another resounding vote today. I thank the committee’s ranking member, the Senator from Rhode Is-land, J
ACK REED. Despite his lack of education at West Point and the im-pending doom of the Army football team this weekend, I appreciate the thoughtfulness and bipartisan spirit with which he approaches our national security. This is a much better bill thanks to the Senator from Rhode Is-land. I appreciate his friendship, and more than that, I appreciate the com-mitment he and I share to the defense of this Nation and the men and women who serve it. I also thank the majority leader, the Senator from Kentucky, for his com-mitment to bringing the NDAA to the floor and for his support throughout the year to make sure this legislation received full consideration and debate. Our Nation faces the most diverse and complex array of crises since the end of World War II—great power com-petition with Russia and China, rogue states like Iran and North Korea, and the enduring threat of radical Islamist terrorism. Rising to the challenges of a more dangerous world requires bold re-form to our national defense, and that is exactly what the NDAA delivers. The last major reorganization of the Department of Defense was the Gold-water-Nichols Act, which marks its 30th anniversary this year. Last fall, the Senate Armed Services Committee held a series of 13 hearings on defense reform with 52 of our Nation’s foremost defense experts and leaders. We fol-lowed up these hearings with a com-prehensive review of the roles, mis-sions, and organization of the major actors in the Department of Defense. This review was borne out of concern that the organization of the depart-ment too often inhibits, rather than enables, the talented people serving there to fulfill their duties at a time of major strategic and technological change. Building on this work, the NDAA seeks to improve strategic inte-gration across functional components of the Office of the Secretary of De-fense. At a time when the Department of Defense faces numerous threats that all span different regions, functions, and military domains, the Secretary of Defense needs better tools to more ef-fectively develop integrated solutions and strategies for critical department objectives. To this end, the NDAA would allow the next Secretary of De-fense to create and delegate decision-making authority to a series of cross- functional teams to achieve core objec-tives of the Department. These cross- functional teams would support the Secretary and Deputy Secretary in per-forming strategic integration more ef-fectively in efficiency. Improving the effectiveness of our defense enterprise also requires tar-geting excess bureaucracy. Over the past 30 years, the end strength of the joint forces has decreased by 38 per-cent. I want to emphasize that. The end strength of the uniformed military has decreased by 38 percent, but the ratio of four-star officers to the overall force has increased by 65 percent. Espe-cially at a time of constrained defense budgets, the military services must right-size their officer corps and shift as many personnel as possible from staff functions to operational and other vital roles. That is why the NDAA di-rects a reduction of 110 general and flag officers on Active Duty, and it requires the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study that will identify a further 10- percent reduction. Likewise, the NDAA includes a reduction to the number of senior executive service civilian em-ployees in the Department of Defense commensurate with a reduction to gen-eral and flag officers. The legislation also imposes a limita-tion on funds used for staff augmenta-tion contracts in the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense and the military de-partment, a practice which has gotten completely out of control. The NDAA also caps the size of the National Security Council staff at 200 professional staff and detailees. The past 25 years has brought a consistent and steady growth of the NSC staff from 40 during the George Herbert Walker Bush administration to more than 100 in the Clinton administration, to more than 200 during the George W. Bush administration, to reports of nearly 400 under the current adminis-tration. In addition to the growth and size, and largely enabled by it, we have seen an expansion of the NSC’s staff role into tactical and operational issues. NDAA will push the staff toward prioritizing the strategic mission that led Congress to create it in the first place. I will repeat that. The National Security Council was created to give advice and counsel to the President of the United States, not to give rules of engagement and specific instructions to officers, generals, and admirals in the field. Former Secretary Gates quite often tells the story of when he was visiting Kabul, Afghanistan, and walked by an office where there was a red phone, and Secretary Gates said: What is that? They said: That is our line to the NSC. My friends, we have 30-something staffers at the NSC who are giving di-rections as to how to carry out oper-ations in the field. It is simply out-rageous. By the way, it not only has an effect on morale but also on the ability to address the challenges on the battle-grounds. For years after the end of the Cold War, the United States enjoyed a near monopoly on advanced military tech-nology, such as stealth, precision-guid-ed munitions, unmanned systems, and the advanced communications that en-able network-centric warfare. That is changing rapidly. From China and Rus-sia to Iran and North Korea, we see militaries that are developing, fielding, and employing long-range, precision- guided weapons, advanced fighter air-craft, anti-access and aerial denial sys-tems, and growing space in cyber capa-bilities. The result is that we are at real and increasing risk of losing the military technological dominance that we have taken for granted for 30 years. That is why innovation cannot be an auxiliary office at the Department of Defense. It must be the central mission of its acquisition system. Unfortu-nately, that is not the case with the Office of the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, known as AT&L. It has grown too big, tries to do too much, and is too focused on compliance at the expense of innovation. That is why the NDAA disestablishes AT&L and divides its duties between two new offices, a new Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering, and an Under Secretary for Acquisition and Sustainment. The job of research and engineering will be developing defense technologies that can ensure a new era of U.S. quali-tative military dominance. The job of acquisition and sustainment will focus on the execution of acquisition func-tions, ensuring compliance, and low-ering risks to taxpayers. God knows we need to lower risks to taxpayers. These organizational changes complement the additional acquisition reforms in the NDAA. The legislation creates new pathways for the Department of De-fense to do business with nontradi-tional defense firms. It streamlines regulations to procure goods and serv-ices. It provides new authorities for the rapid prototyping, acquisition, and fielding of new capabilities, and, criti-cally, the NDAA establishes a pref-erence for fixed-price contracts. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.025 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6871 December 8, 2016 
overuse of cost-type contracts and the complicated and expensive government bureaucracy that goes with them serves as a barrier to entry for com-mercial, nontraditional, and small businesses that are driving the innova-tion our military needs. Continuing down the path of reform, the NDAA initiates a comprehensive modernization of the military health care system to provide beneficiaries with higher quality care, better access to care, and a better experience of care. The NDAA includes provisions that ex-pand DOD telehealth capabilities, re-form TRICARE health care plans, mod-ernize TRICARE medical support con-tracts, streamline the administration of the Defense Health Agency and mili-tary medical treatment facilities, and establish high-performance military-ci-vilian integrated health delivery sys-tems. The NDAA ensures we maintain bat-tlefield medicine as a pocket of excel-lence in the military health system by taking steps to improve trauma care in military hospitals and develop endur-ing partnerships with civilian military centers and hospitals. These reforms constitute an important first step in the evolution of the military health system from an underperforming, dis-jointed health system into a high-per-forming, integrated health system that gives beneficiaries what they need and deserve—the right care, at the right time, in the right place. In a world of multiplying threats and increasing danger, we count on young Americans to enlist or commit to serve in the All-Volunteer Force that pro-tects us and our families. The NDAA sustains the quality of life for the men and women and the total force and their families and addresses the needs of our wounded, ill, and injured service-members. The NDAA authorizes a 2.2-percent across-the-board pay raise for members of the uniformed services, the largest military pay raise for our troops since 2010. The legislation authorizes over 30 special pays and bonuses to support re-cruitment and retention and ensures fair treatment for our Reserve mem-bers under their survivor benefit plan. The NDAA also addresses a dis-turbing situation affecting members of the California National Guard who have been caught up in a scandal in-volving the improper issuance of bo-nuses. The legislation holds the De-partment of Defense responsible for ex-pediting the review process, reaching out to each impacted servicemember, and notifying credit reporting agencies when debts have been forgiven. The NDAA also implements the rec-ommendations of the Department of Defense Military Justice Review Group by incorporating the Military Justice Act of 2016. The legislation modernizes the military court-martial trial and appellate practice, incorporates best practices from Federal criminal prac-tice and procedures, and increases transparency and independent review in the military justice system. Taken together, the provisions con-tained in the NDAA constitute the most significant reforms to the Uni-form Code of Military Justice in a gen-eration. As we implement these impor-tant defense reforms, we have to re-build a modern and ready Armed Forces prepared to meet current and future threats. The NDAA authorizes a total of $619 billion for defense discre-tionary spending, which is $3.2 billion above President Obama’s budget re-quest. That includes the $5.8 billion in supplemental funding requested by President Obama for operations in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan. The NDAA prioritizes modernization to provide critical military capabilities to our warfighters, fifth-generation fight-er aircraft, stealth attack submarines, vital munitions, more lethal and sur-vivable armored vehicles and heli-copters. The legislation also fully supports the modernization of our nuclear triad and makes timely investments in re-search and development efforts to produce cutting-edge military tech-nologies. Through a combination of added funds and redirected savings, the NDAA directs $4.6 billion to address the military readiness crisis by reduc-ing training shortfalls, supporting weapons maintenance, and sustaining facilities. Critically, the NDAA stems the draw-down of military end strength that has exacerbated the readiness crisis, espe-cially in the Army and Marine Corps. As we meet our commitments to our warfighters, we must also uphold our commitment to American taxpayers. The NDAA imposes strict oversight measures on programs such as the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter, B–21 Long Range Strike Bomber, the Ford-class aircraft carrier, the littoral combat ship. These provisions will ensure account-ability for results, promote trans-parency, protect taxpayers, and drive the Department to deliver our warfighters the capabilities they need on time, as promised, and at a reason-able cost. The NDAA upholds Amer-ica’s commitments to its allies and partners. It authorizes $3.4 billion to support our Afghan partners as they take the fight to our common terrorist enemies. The legislation authorizes $3.4 billion for the European initiative to deter Russian aggression. This is a very crit-ical item, as we see more and more ag-gressive behavior, both in cyber, propa-ganda, and actual on-the-ground activi-ties by Vladimir Putin—a fourfold in-crease from last year in the European deterrence initiative. It provides $1.2 billion for counter- ISIL operations. It authorizes up to $350 million in security assistance to Ukraine, including lethal assistance. One of the things that has disappointed me as much as anything else, in some ways more, is that this President has refused to give defensive weaponry to the Ukrainians who are watching their country be dismembered by Vladimir Putin, the same Vladimir Putin whose anti-air system shot down an airline, the same one who is slaughtering and killing brave Ukrainians as we speak. This President has refused to give them weapons to defend themselves. This will be, again, the third year in a row where we have authorized it. This is another shameful chapter in the his-tory of Obama’s feckless administra-tion as far as national defense is con-cerned. Finally, the legislation includes $600 million to modernize Israel’s layered missile defense system. As we continue to support allies and partners against common threats, the NDAA makes major reforms to the Pentagon’s com-plex and unwieldy Security Coopera-tion Enterprise, which has complicated the ability of the Department of De-fense to effectively prioritize, plan, execute, and oversee these activities. The NDAA consolidates security co-operation authorities from Title 10 and elsewhere in public law into a single chapter of U.S. Code. For the first time, this legislation requires the Sec-retary of Defense to submit a consoli-dated security cooperation budget, and the legislation modernizes the security cooperation workforce. Together, these steps will improve operational out-comes, program management, congres-sional oversight, and public trans-parency. This legislation takes several steps to bolster border security and home-land defense. It authorizes $933 million for Department of Defense counterdrug programs. The legislation codifies the authority of the Secretary of Defense to provide support to Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement for counterdrug and countering transnational organized crime oper-ations. It enhances information shar-ing and operational coordination be-tween the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security. Finally, this legislation takes impor-tant steps to strengthen cyber secu-rity. The legislation elevates U.S. Cyber Command to a unified command. As our senior military leadership has testified, this step is critical to pro-viding the Commander of U.S. Cyber Command with the necessary unity of command and streamlined decision-making. The NDAA also prevents the pre-mature termination of the dual hat ar-rangement under which the Com-mander of U.S. Cyber Command also serves as the Director of the National Security Agency. Let me close by saying that we ask a lot of our men and women in uniform. They a never let us down. We must not let them down. So let’s be bold on their behalf. This NDAA is an ambitious piece of legislation, but in the times we live in, we can’t afford business as usual in the Department of Defense. We can’t afford these terrible cost over-runs. We just had a hearing on the lit-toral combat ship. It was supposed to cost $200 million each. Now it costs $460 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.026 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6872 December 8, 2016 
million each, and it has a 30-millimeter gun and a helicopter pad on it. We cannot do this to the American taxpayers. There was a front page story in the Washington Post just a couple of days ago about some $125 bil-lion that, in the view of an outside study, had been wasted. We cannot con-tinue to do that to the taxpayers of America, and we certainly cannot af-ford to continue to do it given the chal-lenges we face all over the world, which are unprecedented in the last 70 years. Yesterday, I was honored to be asked to speak at the World War II Memorial commemorating the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. It was an uplifting experience because, thank God, there were so many of our brave warriors who fought and were present in the war that was fought by our greatest generation. There were even a couple who had been on board the USS Arizona, which was sunk with 1,117 brave officers and men on board. You know, one of the lessons at Pearl Harbor was that we were not ready. We were not prepared. The Japanese air-planes that came in and bombed those ships and killed so many brave Ameri-cans—we had nothing that could com-bat them. At that time, the Japanese Zero was so far superior to anything that we had that it was a relatively easy mission for those Japanese Zeros to attack and destroy a good portion of America’s Pacific Fleet at that time. What I fear is not another Pearl Har-bor, but what I fear is that with seques-tration and with the continuing resolu-tion—which apparently we are going to do, although I will fight as hard as I can against it—we are reducing the ability of our men and women to serve this Nation with effectiveness. All of the four service chiefs—every one of them—when asked about seques-tration and this kind of continuing res-olution, have said one thing: We are putting the lives of the men and women who are serving our Armed Forces in uniform in greater jeopardy. Are we going to take the responsibility here with another continuing resolu-tion to place the lives of the men and women serving this Nation at greater risk? That is a terrible burden—a terrible burden I say to my colleagues, who, maybe because they want to get out of here for Christmas, will be voting for a continuing resolution that again cuts defense spending—cuts it—reduces it. That is not acceptable in light of the fact, by the way, that the President- elect has said he wants to spend more on defense. The President-elect has said: We are not spending enough. We are not doing enough. By the way, we have to do it right. We need to spend more. We need to do it right. But when we see a front page story on the Washington Post that shows—I think it showed $125 billion was wasted, then we also have an obli-gation to spend those taxpayer dollars correctly. This legislation, which I urge my colleagues to vote for as fol-lowup to last year’s, has significant re-forms in the way the Pentagon does business. I would like to tell you that now we have reformed the Pentagon and every-thing is fine. My friends, we have a long way to go. We have a long way to go. I am proud of the bipartisanship that exists on our committee. I am proud of the seriousness with which most—not all, but most—of the mem-bers of the committee take their duties as members of the committee. I am proud that my friend and colleague from Rhode Island and I work so close-ly together, not only we but our staffs, in the spirit that is demanded if we are going to carry out our higher respon-sibilities to the men who serve. I am not proud—I am not proud—to see sequestration continue, the mind-less, across-the-board cuts that have characterized the last few years. It is supported by both sides of the aisle, not just Democrats. I love to blame the Democrats for it, but both Democrats and Republicans have refused to ad-dress sequestration, which is destroy-ing the readiness, which is—not de-stroying—it is harming the readiness of our men and women to serve and fight. Operations are being canceled, parts are not available, the training is not available. It goes on and on and on. Why don’t we listen? I am not asking you to listen to the civilians. Ask the leaders that we have asked to be the chiefs of their services. Ask the leaders who are component commands. They will all tell you the same thing: We are going to have to spend more money, but we are also going to have to spend it more wisely. By the way, the Pentagon bureauc-racy does not like many of these changes, just as last year we forced these changes on them, and now they all take credit for them. Fine, but now, there is another year of reforms. Next year, we are going to have to do more reforms, but unless we have the fund-ing that is necessary to make these men and women who are serving in our military fully prepared to counter the new challenges, we are going to relive, in some form, December 7, 1941, in the words of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, ‘‘A day that will live in infamy.’’ So I ask my colleagues to vote for this NDAA. We have had the input from literally every Member of this body, I am happy to say. I hope they will vote for this legislation. But I also—when they do—recognize that un-less we fund these programs, unless we fund these reforms, unless we provide sufficient funding, then they are not going to be able to carry out their mis-sion in the most effective fashion. I say to my colleagues: Vote for this. Vote for this, but do not vote for an-other continuing resolution that will harm the ability of us and the men and women who are serving, and their lead-ers, to defend this Nation. It is a heavy responsibility you take on when you vote for the continuing resolution be-cause that does not allow the Pentagon to move money around. It is an overall cut of many billions of dollars at a time that any observer will tell you is more challenging to our national secu-rity than any time since December 7, 1941. I urge my colleagues to vote for the NDAA. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All postcloture time has expired. The question is on agreeing to the conference report. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 92, nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 159 Leg.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—7 
Gillibrand Lee Markey Merkley Paul Sanders Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.028 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6873 December 8, 2016 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cotton 
The conference report was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, for debate only, until 2:30 p.m. this afternoon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WRDA Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about drought legisla-tion that is critical to the State of Ari-zona. As everyone knows, water is a con-troversial issue in the West. Arizona and California have long been at odds on a number of water-related issues, particularly the Colorado River. Since the beginning of this Congress, I have worked to advance Arizona’s water priorities. That included work-ing with our neighbors across the Colo-rado River to get a Flake-Feinstein amendment included in the Energy bill. This amendment, which was adopted on the floor, would allow dams to be more efficient and enhance water storage. In addition to this amendment, I have introduced the Western Water Supply and Planning Enhancement Act in the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. I have worked with many of my colleagues on the committee to move this western drought bill through regular order, work that included at-tempting to find a way to reconcile this bill with the California drought bill in order to advance all of our prior-ities. I am disappointed that instead of continuing with the committee proc-ess, a California-only deal was airdropped into an unrelated WRDA conference report. This was done at the last minute, circumventing regular order, and leaving Arizona and other western State priorities out to dry. Not only does the WRDA conference report disregard the good work the En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee has carried out over these past 2 years, but it also fails to address western water matters in a holistic way. Let me be clear, important Arizona water issues still need to be addressed by Congress, and I will continue to fight for these priorities. For example, the Colorado River Basin States are very close to reaching a groundbreaking agreement to deal with the prolonged drought on the river. We will seek legislation to imple-ment this deal early in the next Con-gress. Our watersheds are also under great threat from catastrophic wildfires. I will continue to push Congress and the Forest Service to move ahead to reduce fire risks in Arizona. I look forward to continuing my work on these issues and to fighting for other water needs in Arizona. f 
ADA DRIVEBY LAWSUITS Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, in a driveby lawsuit, an attorney will drive by a place of business and look for technical ADA violations. These are usually minor violations that are eas-ily correctable, like the width of a parking space or the height of a van ac-cessible sign. Oftentimes, if a technical violation exists, the attorney will either send a demand letter or threaten the business with a lawsuit. Oftentimes, the demand letter will request a settlement that is just under what it would cost the busi-ness to litigate, so the business owner picks the lesser of the two evils and pays the settlement. The scope of the problem is only growing. From the first 6 months of 2015 to the first 6 months of 2016, there was a 63-percent increase in the num-ber of suits filed under title III of the ADA. This year is on pace to see al-most 7,000 of these cases brought for-ward—7,000. Compare 7,000 to the 4,800 lawsuits filed in 2015 and 2,700 in 2013, and we can see what a boon this has been for trial lawyers. In fact, this past Sunday, ‘‘60 Minutes’’ did a special re-port on driveby lawsuits and the toll they are taking on small businesses throughout the country. I would en-courage anyone to watch that piece. It explains the problem very well. While California, Florida, and New York have the highest incidents of these driveby lawsuits, my home State of Arizona has seen a dramatic increase in these suits over the last 3 years. In 2013, there were three ADA title III suits brought in Arizona—three. By 2015, that number was up to 207. As of September of this year, Arizona has al-ready seen 284. It is clear that the problem is only getting worse. My legislation would go a long way to solve it. If enacted, prop-erty owners must first be given notice of their alleged ADA violation, at which point they would have 120 days to cure the violation before a lawsuit could be brought. If the property owner fails to address the violation in a time-ly manner, then they can be sued. The bill also instructs the Department of Justice to promote further ADA com-pliance through education so small business owners know what is expected of them. I think these reforms will help business owners and persons with dis-abilities achieve their mutual goal of ADA compliance. The ADA has been a great success in its 25-year history. It is essential that business owners continue to see it as a tool to ensure fairness for people with disabilities and not as a weapon to line the pockets of unscrupulous lawyers. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, what is the parliamentary situation? The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are in morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak for 10 minutes. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HARRY REID Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, earlier today we heard a moving speech by the Democratic leader and my longtime friend, H
ARRY REID. He spoke of his life and his time here. An amateur boxer turned police offi-cer, turned lawyer, turned majority leader, that is the supercondensed out-line of the life of H
ARRY REID. When the book closes on this 114th Congress, so too will it close on the congressional career of Senator R
EID. He is a fighter and a champion. That is an understate-ment. He is a fellow country boy, but he had a much tougher upbringing in the isolated hamlet of Searchlight, NV. You can read about that in his book. That upbringing has bred traits that I have admired since he arrived in the Senate in 1987. His humble upbringing, raised in a shack with no indoor bath-room or hot water, sowed the seeds of a life in public service and of the per-spective that has infused and driven his public service. He first came to Capitol Hill as a police officer, working nights to pay his way through George Wash-ington University Law School. Little did he know he would end up being one of the longest serving majority leaders in the history of the U.S. Senate. He can point to so many of the things he has done, including steering the Af-fordable Care Act to Senate passage. But I want to thank Senator R
EIDfor his strong support of justice bills that I have championed. An original cospon-sor of the Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization that I introduced in recent years—to strengthen and renew the transformative and lifesaving work that is made possible under VAWA—he has always worked to combat the scourge of domestic violence, helping to shepherd the reauthorization of this vital legislation across the finish line. He has also supported vital grant pro-grams to put more cops on the street in communities small and large and to keep them safe. His commitment to ad-vancing our comprehensive immigra-tion reform bill, we got it through the Senate by a large bipartisan majority. When the history books are written, one of the huge mistakes made was when that the House of Representa-tives did not take up that bill, even though they had the votes to pass it. These are all examples of how true 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.010 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6874 December 8, 2016 
leadership takes action—not merely talking points—no matter how dif-ficult, to make a difference. H
ARRY REID was at the Edmund Pettus Bridge in 2015, commemorating the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. I looked at him there with Congress-man J
OHNLEWIS and President Barack Obama—the first African American elected as President—as one of the tow-ering figures in America. But the true measure of a man is revealed not when he pauses to remember past injustices, he works to prevent them from hap-pening. From pay equity to restoring the Voting Rights Act, from the repeal of don’t ask, don’t tell, to the enact-ment of the Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention Act, there can be no doubt that Senator R
EID fights for every American, every day. And yet, no matter how large a na-tional leader Senator R
EIDhas become, he has never forgotten the people of Nevada. In him they have a tireless and effective champion of the highest cal-iber. Senator R
EID’s work on behalf of Nevada has been relentless. He has been our fighter. He has been our champion. And he has been a friend. He has faced and risen above personal adversity. He is a truly Amer-ican story. And his presence here in the Senate will be missed next year. When Marcelle and I leave Washington for the last time, we will think of the spe-cial friends we have had. H
ARRY REID, Landra Reid—we will think of them. We wish them all the best as they begin their next chapter together. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA BOXER Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, moun-tains, rivers, cities, and plains separate Vermont and California, two States as different as any in the country. But here in the U.S. Senate, we are on equal footing. It is one of the hall-marks of our Constitution and rep-resentative government. For over three decades, B
ARBARA BOXER worked to ad-vance the priorities of Californians. Thankfully, in many ways, those prior-ities, despite the diversity of our States, have mirrored those of Vermonters. A trailblazer in her own right, Sen-ator B
OXER rose to become the first woman to chair the Senate Environ-ment and Public Works Committee, where she fought to protect and pre-serve our environment, promote clean and safe drinking water, update our an-tiquated infrastructure, and improve public safety. Senator B
OXER was an early and vocal supporter of our efforts to reau-thorize and expand the important Vio-lence Against Women Act. Her pas-sionate pleas to Senators and Members of the House to approve this critical— and lifesaving—bill was essential to the Senate’s debate. Of course, most important in Senator B
OXER ’s life is her family. Like many, I was touched when she announced her retirement in an interview with her grandson. She has been a tireless advo-cate for her home State and for the country. And now, in retirement, I hope she enjoys even more time with Stewart and her wonderful family. Far from finished fighting, I know BAR-
BARA ’s voice will not be one soon for-gotten in the U.S. Senate. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID VITTER Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would like to briefly recognize the service of retiring Senator D
AVID VITTER . Sen-ator V
ITTER has served the people of Louisiana in Congress since 1999, through the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, across three different admin-istrations, and through countless de-bates. As he retires from the Congress after nearly two decades of service to Louisiana, I wish him, his wife, Wendy, their four children and his entire fam-ily all the best in the next chapter. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK KIRK Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for near-ly 16 years, Senator M
ARK KIRKhas given voice to his Illinois constituents here in Washington. His long record of service includes work as a congres-sional staffer, a 24-year career as a naval intelligence officer, a U.S. Con-gressman, and a U.S. Senator. Dedicated to several matters of na-tional and international importance, Senator K
IRKhas supported a range of legislative efforts during his Senate tenure and has not shied from opposing his party’s position. From supporting the Employment Non-Discrimination Act and efforts to repeal don’t ask, don’t tell, from his opposition to defunding Planned Parenthood and the blockade of President Obama’s Su-preme Court nominee, Senator K
IRK has emerged as a conservative voice in support of some of the most critical civil rights protections debated today. When Senator K
IRKreturned to the Senate following his traumatic stroke in 2012, he showed his commitment to Illinois’ voters. As Senator K
IRKbegins this new chapter, I wish him the very best. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN COATS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is an honor for anyone to serve in the U.S. Senate. Giving voice to your constitu-ents’ views is a humbling responsi-bility. It is one thing to be called to serve; it is another to come back for a second tour of duty. Senator D
AN C
OATS ’ life is one of public service, be-ginning with military service and cul-minating for now in his retirement this year from the Senate—his second ten-ure representing the people of Indiana. Senator C
OATS has championed a number of efforts during his terms in the Senate. I am particularly grateful for his support of the National Guard and his support for our efforts to em-power the National Guard within the Pentagon. Senator COATS has been a watchdog of government spending, a supporter of critical home assistance programs for low-income families such as the Low-Income Home Energy As-sistance Program, and was a supporter of our most recent efforts to reauthor-ize the Violence Against Women Act. Senator C
OATS has come a long way since his early days as a State staffer for then-Representative and future Vice President Dan Quayle. I am sure Hoosiers have not seen the last this public servant will offer. I wish him, his wife, Marsha, and their entire fam-ily the best in retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY AYOTTE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, New Eng-land is in itself a small community. We Senators who represent these States band together to fight for our urban and rural communities, to protect our borders, and to preserve the rich herit-age on which our country was founded. For the last 6 years, one of those part-ners has been New Hampshire Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE . She has diligently sought to represent the Granite State. Senator A
YOTTE and I share a back-ground in law enforcement; as New Hampshire’s attorney general, she prosecuted many important cases. After her election to the U.S. Senate in 2011, Senator A
YOTTE was recognized as one of the most influential women in her party. She has taken a practical, New England-style approach in the Senate. Like many of us from New England, she has been persistent in her efforts to call national attention to the opioid epidemic ravaging our commu-nities and particularly hitting hard rural communities in Vermont and New Hampshire. She was a partner as we sought to advance and ultimately pass the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which should provide much needed support for those facing this crippling addiction. Her attention to this public health crisis will surely be a cornerstone of her Senate legacy. I wish Senator A
YOTTE , her husband, Joseph, and their children well in their future endeavors. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FINANCIAL REFORM Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, we all remember the very severe financial cri-sis of 2008, which precipitated a very severe recession from which we have had a very, very weak recovery. In many ways, we are still trying to re-cover from that. I want to talk a little about that, and I want to talk about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.033 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6875 December 8, 2016 
the opportunity that is before us to make some very constructive changes to help us have a more robust recovery, the recovery we have been waiting for. Let’s first review, very briefly, the causes of this financial crisis because the misguided response to it has con-tributed to our lack of a robust recov-ery. The causes of the financial crisis were of course principally government causes. It was principally the failure of government policy that created the fi-nancial crisis that led to this recession. What specific government policies? I would say several. Briefly, first of all, it was failed monetary policy. The pol-icy in which the monetary authorities kept interest rates too low for too long actually had negative real interest rates, and that policy, quite predict-ably, created a bubble, a bubble in resi-dential real estate, the explosion of which led to this crisis. This was com-pounded by the failed legislative pol-icy, which actually required mortgage lenders, especially the government- sponsored enterprises of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, to lend money to peo-ple who were very unlikely to be able to pay it back. It is generally a very bad idea to lend money to people who are not able to pay it back, and it was a bad idea in this case as well. Thirdly, I would suggest that there was a failure of government regulators. There were many thousands of regu-lators crawling through all of the fi-nancial institutions of America, but somehow this gigantic bubble escaped their notice, and the interconnected nature of the firms and the exposures that firms had to financial risk seemed to escape their attention. The com-bination of a failed monetary policy, failed legislative policy, and failed reg-ulatory policy was the government’s enormous contribution to this crisis. I think everybody would agree that one of the things we learned from the financial crisis was just how inad-equate the resolution mechanism was that we had for the failure of a large, complex financial institution. We didn’t have an adequate one at all. The failure of Lehman Brothers was a good case in point, and the worry at the time was that if large financial institu-tions were simply allowed to fail, they would have a knockdown effect that would bring down the entire global fi-nancial network and beyond so that was the concern. I think it is valid that the resolution mechanism at the time was insufficient. In the wake of this crisis, Congress stepped in and decided we have to do something about it, and of course what they did was give us Dodd-Frank, which is a law that is very badly flawed in many ways and failed, in part, be-cause the authors failed to fully com-prehend the cause of this crisis and be-cause they took the wrong funda-mental approach to dealing with it. Most fundamentally was a conceptual flaw which is that future financial cri-sis would be avoided by having the gov-ernment impose enormous and very ex-tensive control and not by freeing up market discipline to prevent the crisis from occurring. I think that is very much at the heart of the fundamental conceptual flaw of Dodd-Frank. Some of the specifics, broadly speak-ing, were to severely restrict what fi-nancial institutions could do, essen-tially turn medium- and large-sized banks into public utilities, give regu-lators, the same folks who missed the last crisis, virtually unlimited powers to micromanage these institutions with the thought that somehow in the future they will catch the next one. Then, as a failsafe in Dodd-Frank, the sort of final backstop, was to actually codify a category of financial institu-tions as too-big-to-fail. The termi-nology they use in Dodd-Frank is a lit-tle different. They call them system-atically important financial institu-tions, but that is what it is. It is carv-ing into law a category that we will deem too big to fail and the creation of an explicit bailout mechanism, where-by taxpayers will have to once again bail out these financial institutions if they fail. There are many problems with this whole approach, not the least of which is—there should be no institution in America that is too big to fail. A pri-vate for-profit organization, if it fails, it must be allowed to fail. There is no justification for forcing taxpayers to bail out any kind of firm, including banks. That is a bad and fundamental flaw, but there are many adverse con-sequences that have come along. We have seen a huge concentration in banking assets directly in response to Dodd-Frank that arguably con-centrates risks. We have seen costs to consumers rise, and costs for financial services that consumers need has gone up. Liquidity and securities have gone done, and that just means pension funds and savers have to pay more to invest their savings in the stocks and bonds they are relying on for their re-tirement security. Innovation has dried up because bureaucrats have to ap-prove everything and anything a finan-cial institution can do. By the way, it actually destroyed a whole industry. This is not reported on nearly as much as I think it should be, but Dodd-Frank, together with the ab-normally low interest rates we have had once again, has completely ended the entire industry of startup commu-nity banking. It is worth noting that in the United States of America, prior to the passage of Dodd-Frank, Americans launched new banks for decades. It is something business folks would rou-tinely do. A handful of businesspeople would pull their resources together, start up a bank, contribute the capital, do their own banking business there, and then what would they do? They would provide lending services to con-sumers and small businesses in their towns and communities. They would be there for the local pizza shop that needs to add a walk-in cooler in the back or the local HVAC repair shop that needs to buy another pickup truck. It is community banks that pro-vide the lending for these kinds of small business opportunities that allow families and individuals to live their dream and create jobs all across Amer-ica. That is what community banks did for years. For decades, prior to Dodd-Frank, we launched, on average, about 125 new community banks per year—many more in really good times, fewer in bad times but about 125 per year. From the day they signed Dodd-Frank into law in July of 2010 through this afternoon, we have launched two new community banks in America—two in over 6 years. This industry is done. It is dead. It doesn’t happen anymore because when business folks sit around the table and say, gee, wouldn’t it be a good idea to launch a bank because we need one in our community, we don’t have a small community bank willing to provide these loans, what they have discovered very quickly is, they can’t possibly make a go at it because the regulatory expense and costs are so staggering that they can’t see their way to a sur-viving business model. As a result, we don’t have these community banks anymore. They aren’t being launched and haven’t been for years. Who knows how many small businesses haven’t launched and haven’t been able to grow because people could never get the funding. Let me just promise you, Citigroup is not in the business of doing the kind of lending that new community banks do every single day. This is just one of the many problems, and one of the most fundamental ones is that taxpayers have this big contin-gent liability hanging over their head in the form of that bailout mechanism I alluded to earlier—this requirement that they will be forced to bail out big financial institutions all over again. Dodd-Frank codifies it. Dodd-Frank spells out exactly how it should hap-pen. It is my strongly held view that we need to reform Dodd-Frank. It is over-due. It needs substantial reforms, and those reforms should include making sure taxpayers never have to bail out another giant institution. That is just wrong. That should not be on the table. In fact, it should be precluded. A second issue is, taxpayers should not be forced, through the mechanisms of this bill, to make banking products more expensive for consumers—less available, more expensive, fewer prod-ucts and services. We can do this while we maintain our ability to deter, de-tect, prevent, and prosecute fraud when it occurs. That is absolutely a funda-mental responsibility we have, and we can do that. Most importantly, we have to enable a vigorous, competitive market for fi-nancial services to respond to con-sumers with new services and new products at ever-lower costs and to have a market discipline that forces those institutions to behave prudently because their future depends on it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.039 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6876 December 8, 2016 
We are coming into a new Congress soon, and I am hoping our Democratic colleagues will work with us to correct the fundamental flaws in Dodd-Frank, repeal the things that don’t work, and roll back the problems with this legis-lation, but the incoming Senate minor-ity leader is on record in interviews al-ready declaring they will not do so. They will not help us in this endeavor. They are not interested and can deny us the 60 votes we will need to make substantive reforms to Dodd-Frank. Let me suggest to my colleagues that—first of all, I hope there is a change of heart on the other side. I hope, first and foremost, as we go through this process, that some of our Democratic colleagues will work with us and will agree that there are changes that need to be made and that we can make them, hopefully, with a very broad consensus. If that is not possible, I suggest there is an alter-native. The alternative is that we use a budget resolution that would contain reconciliation instructions to the Banking Committee. For that matter, this could apply to other authorizing committees, but I am specifically re-ferring to the Banking Committee. The reason that is important is because that will allow us to pass subsequent legislation in compliance with the rec-onciliation instructions that can pass the Senate with a simple majority vote. That is not my preferred way to do it, but we have to do this. We have to get this done. This change in Dodd- Frank will have a very profound im-pact on our economy. It will encourage and enable us to have growth that we have been waiting for, for too long. This device might be what we need to get there. Let me point out that there are precedents for this. The Deficit Reduc-tion Act of 2005 used a budget resolu-tion to create reconciliation instruc-tions, which in turn switched some of the FHA funding streams from manda-tory spending to discretionary spend-ing, from spending that is on autopilot to spending that is at the annual dis-cretion of Congress. That was done through exactly this mechanism. The FDIC and NCUA are deposit in-surance funds. They were restructured and reformed, and it was done under the same device using the same proce-dural mechanism. Those changes were possible because they had a very sig-nificant budgetary impact, and that is one of the criteria for using the rec-onciliation device, which in these cases was something on the order of a couple of billion dollars of taxpayer savings over 10 years. Reforming Dodd-Frank can save tax-payers a lot of money. The CFPB alone, over 10 years, is expected to con-sume—on its current path—over $6 bil-lion. That is a lot of money. Some real sensible, thorough reforms there could save taxpayers. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that the Orderly Liquidation Fund will cost taxpayers $20 billion over the next 10 years. By the way, that $20 billion is bailout money. We can fix that. The office of financial re-search costs over $1 billion. There are many cases in which we can save serious taxpayer money, in the process reduce our deficits, thereby achieve the goal of the reconciliation instructions given to the Banking Committee, and along the way help en-courage stronger economic growth by modifying some of these misguided policies in Dodd-Frank. I suggest that the election we just went through was about several things, but one of them was certainly shaking up the status quo and getting some things done and not just continuing what we have always been doing. Well, for too long now we have been putting up with the Dodd-Frank bill that is costing us a lot of economic growth and opportunity. I am hoping our Democratic colleagues will work with us so we can begin to make the con-structive changes we need, but, if not, I think we should use all tools avail-able to get this job done. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DACA Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to share the story of an incredible DREAMer from my home State of New Mexico, but first I would like to commend my col-league, Senator D
ICKDURBIN of Illinois, for his tremendous leadership in stand-ing up for DREAMers—young undocu-mented immigrants who are brought to the United States as children. I am proud to join him in this effort. Four years ago, the President an-nounced that DREAMers would have the opportunity to apply for temporary protection from deportation through the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals Program, known as DACA. Today, more than half a million young people across the country have bene-fited from DACA, including more than 6,500 in my home State of New Mexico. Across this country, there are DREAMers working to become doctors, scientists, lawyers, and engineers. They want to start businesses and teach in our classrooms and serve in our military. DREAMers want to earn an education and contribute to our economy, to pay taxes and give back to their communities and their country. I would argue that most DREAMers don’t know how to be anything but Americans. Over the last month, I have heard from many New Mexicans who are fear-ful and uncertain about just how the new Trump administration could im-pact their community, their neighbors, their friends. This is particularly true for the thousands of young people who applied for temporary status under the DACA Program. Over the last few years, I have come down to the floor to tell stories of DREAMers from my home. I told the story of twin sisters who graduated from college and are now both seeking advanced degrees, one in law, one in medicine. I told the story of a young man who applied for DACA and wanted to pursue graduate school for biology. I am happy to report that he is currently studying to earn a joint Ph.D. and M.D., with the hope of working on dis-ease prevention. I will continue to tell the inspiring stories of DREAMers who demonstrate why we should protect them from deportation. Today, I would like to tell you about one of those New Mexicans, someone I heard from last week when I held a lis-tening session with community and faith leaders, immigrant rights advo-cates, and DREAMers from across New Mexico. She and her family live in the Mesilla Valley in southern New Mex-ico. The Mesilla Valley is a rich agricul-tural region. It is home to dairy farms, pecan orchards, and many of New Mexi-co’s famed green chile fields. Genera-tions of farmers and families in the Mesilla Valley have shaped the rich history and, fundamentally, the cul-ture of my home State. Today, families like the family of the DREAMer I heard from are working hard each and every day to improve their community, many of which lack adequate transportation and water in-frastructure. They are working to cre-ate a better future for the next genera-tion. This young woman’s strength is root-ed in her family and in her faith. She is the oldest child in her family and is the first person in her family to seek high-er education. She told me that through her education and her work ethic, she wants to set an example to her five younger brothers and sisters. She teaches catechism classes for children at her church, where she also helps with fundraisers, cooks meals, and as-sists with church events. Since graduating from high school, she has started working toward her as-sociate’s degree in nursing. In a State like New Mexico, where we badly need more nurses and medical professionals in our rural and underserved commu-nities, her professional dreams and as-pirations are truly critical. DACA allowed her to get a work per-mit to hold a job that assists her in paying for her education, for her text-books, but now, with the President- elect pledging to rescind DACA, this young woman fears that everything she has worked so hard to achieve could be lost. She fears that her family will be separated and that she might be de-ported from the only community she knows and the community she calls home. She told me, ‘‘If [DACA] were to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.041 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6877 December 8, 2016 
be removed, then my dream would be destroyed.’’ This young woman’s dream and her drive to give back to her community in southern New Mexico are incredible, but her story is far from unique. Her story is similar to thousands of other DREAMers in my home State and hun-dreds of thousands across our country, some of whom have escaped unthink-able hardships. They are working to contribute to their communities and to create a brighter future. These DREAMers should be met with compas-sion. During my listening session, I also heard from a Catholic priest who serves many immigrant families in his parish. He said he was deeply impacted by hearing this young woman’s story dur-ing our listening session. He told me that her story ‘‘reflects exactly what [he’s] seen and heard from many fami-lies not only from [his] parish but also from neighboring parishes.’’ He said, ‘‘There is a lot of fear and people are so concerned and worried—especially fam-ilies—[about] what can happen after the election.’’ I want to make it very clear that in the coming years, I will not waiver in standing up for all New Mexicans in my role in the Senate. We should never be a country that kicks out some of our best and brightest students, and we should not be a nation that tears fami-lies apart. I will not stand for policies that are contrary to our fundamental American ideas and values. I would like to thank the young woman who shared her story with me for having the courage to speak out, particularly with the uncertainty of her situation and in the wake of the re-cent election. The idea that young men and women like this hard-working nursing student in southern New Mex-ico will have to retreat back into the shadows or fear being removed from their homes as a consequence of con-gressional inaction on immigration re-form is simply unconscionable. I am calling for the Obama adminis-tration to take every possible legal ac-tion to protect DREAMers—individuals who are American in every way but for their immigration status—so that they are not targeted for removal by the in-coming administration. Last week, I sent a letter to the White House urging President Obama to use his pardon au-thority to protect DREAMers from de-portation. I also plan to continue pushing for comprehensive immigration reform in the new Congress, which I still strong-ly believe has bipartisan support among my colleagues—those col-leagues who want real solutions rather than rancorous rhetoric. We need to modernize our immigration system to meet the needs of our economy and provide an accountable pathway to earn citizenship for the undocumented workers living here in the shadows, in-cluding making the DREAM Act law. As southwest border security is dis-cussed in the context of immigration reform, I will continue to be focused on pragmatic and accountable policy deci-sions that include the many concerns of our border communities. As the son of an immigrant myself, I am familiar with the unique promise that America represents for so many families. I am grateful that when my father and my grandparents fled Germany in the years leading up to World War II, our country chose to see them for what they were—enthusiastic American im-migrants. Our Nation’s remarkable spirit is rooted in our diversity, our history, and our culture, which has always been enriched by our immigrant commu-nities and their family members. I en-courage my colleagues and our incom-ing President-elect to look at the human faces of our broken immigra-tion system and to work toward real solutions. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEDICARE Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, every year I hear from hundreds of constitu-ents about the transformative impact Medicare has on their lives. For many of them, Medicare is literally the dif-ference between life and death, be-tween living with dignity or in abject poverty. It is as dramatic as that. Before we passed Medicare 51 years ago, slightly more than half of our sen-iors—in Hawaii we call our seniors kupuna—had health insurance. Only half. The insurance they had was very expensive and did not cover much. Mil-lions could barely afford routine med-ical care, let alone treatment for a cat-astrophic illness. For the past 50 years, our seniors have approached retire-ment with the peace of mind of know-ing that Medicare will be there for them. It is part of a commitment we have made to care for and honor our kupuna. To understand what life would be like for our seniors without Medicare, we don’t need to look to the distant past before we had Medicare; we can learn from what happened, for example, 3 years ago to a family in Maui, to Phyllis and Tommy Duarte of Maui. Phyllis and Tommy contacted my of-fice after they received a notice that the Social Security Administration had canceled Phyllis’s Social Security payments. Like millions of kupuna across the country, Phyllis and Tommy live on a fixed income and depend on Social Security to pay their bills. After several months without receiving her Social Security check, Phyllis could no longer pay the premiums for her Medi-care Part B plan. They threatened to terminate her coverage, which is when she contacted my office. Fortunately, we were able to resolve the situation within a few weeks. Phyllis started re-ceiving a cheek and continues to pay her premiums. Only a short time later, Phyllis fell and broke her arm. It re-quired surgery and years of ongoing physical therapy. The final bill: $200,000. Phyllis and Tommy were only weeks away from understanding just how devastating it would be to live without Medicare coverage. It is because of people like Phyllis and Tommy that I fought tooth and nail to make sure Medicare will always be there for our kupuna. It is why I have been on the frontlines to beat back every attempt to privatize and voucherize Medicare since I have been in Congress. That is why I will do everything in my power to stop our new President and his allies in Congress from shred-ding this crucial safety net program. Over the past month, Speaker RYAN has made it clear that he intends to resurrect his plan to turn Medicare into a voucher program for private in-surance. Under his system, private in-surers could deny or delay coverage be-cause seniors would no longer have Medicare’s consumer protections. His plan caps the value of these vouchers to the point where they will not keep up with the rising costs of health care. The Congressional Budget Office cal-culated that the Ryan plan would in-crease out-of-pocket expenses by $6,000 per year for millions of seniors—mil-lions who are already on fixed incomes. My colleagues know that I am not given to hyperbole, but this attempt to privatize Medicare is a clear and present danger to millions of seniors. I know from talking with kupuna in Hawaii that one of the things they worry about most is their health and whether their needs will be met. Any-one who talks to seniors and under-stands what they are going through would recognize that privatizing Medi-care means seniors will have to go out and find medical insurance on the pri-vate market. How can you think they will be able to accomplish that? Are in-surance companies going to step up to take care of some of the most vulner-able members of our population even though it is not profitable for them to do so? I don’t think so. During the campaign, President- Elect Trump said the right thing about protecting Medicare, but choosing T
OM P
RICE to head the Department of Health and Human Services sends the opposite message. For years, Congress-man T
OMPRICE has been P AULRYAN’s closest ally in his crusade to privatize and voucherize Medicare. The Ryan- Price plan would hurt more than 217,000 seniors in Hawaii and millions across the country, including those who live in Janesville, WI, and Roswell, GA. I wonder how Speaker R
YAN and Con-gressman P
RICE would explain to sen-iors in their districts, their States, how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.043 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6878 December 8, 2016 
voucherizing Medicare will not hurt them. Saving Medicare is going to be a daunting fight, but I am not going to shy away from it. I am going to do whatever I can, whenever I can, to pro-tect Medicare for our seniors. I yield the floor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HARRY REID Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to take a moment to express my apprecia-tion to the Democratic leader, Senator H
ARRY REID, who spoke earlier on the floor. I was here with many of my col-leagues and listened to his incredible story about his background from Searchlight, NV, to his ascension to the Senate and becoming the Demo-cratic leader. When I first came to the Senate, Sen-ator R
EIDasked to meet with me. I thought he was going to talk about my philosophy on different issues or what my interests would be or how I was going to try to move forward on par-ticular bills, but what he really wanted to talk about was my family, what I thought was important in life. He was very interested in my family traditions and how that would be impacted by my life in the Senate. I must tell you, it was very personal. I think many of us have seen many sides of H
ARRY REID, but one side of him is clear. He treats the Senate as his family, and he treats each one of us as his family. I wish to express my appreciation for his service in the U.S. Senate and for his public service over so many years. Myrna and I are friends of Landra and H
ARRY . We wish them only the best as he moves forward from his career in the Senate. It has really been a pleasure to serve with him in the Senate. This is an in-credible place to serve. Senator R
EID has certainly made this Senator’s life in the Senate much more enjoyable and productive. Mr. President, part of American cul-ture is to celebrate our small towns. There are few American towns smaller than Searchlight in Clark County, NV. That is the hometown of our beloved Democratic Leader, Senator H
ARRY  R
EID. Senator R
EIDepitomizes the Amer-ican Dream. He grew up without indoor plumbing, in a small cabin built out of scavenged railroad ties, and attended a two-room elementary school. His fa-ther was a hard-rock miner. As a young boy, Senator R
EIDwould go deep into the mines with his father. Searchlight didn’t have its own high school so Sen-ator R
EIDhad to hitchhike each week to Henderson, 40 miles away, where he attended Basic High School and boarded with relatives and other fami-lies. Local businessmen saw his potential and helped him attend Utah State Uni-versity, a debt he repaid. He earned his law degree from George Washington University and supported his young family by working as a U.S. Capitol Police Officer. Senator REIDstarted his career in public service as Henderson’s city at-torney. He revised the city charter and extended the city’s boundaries by ac-quiring Federal land. In 1968, when he was just 28, he was elected to the Ne-vada State Assembly. As an assembly-man, he introduced the first air pollu-tion legislation in Nevada’s history. Two years later, Senator R
EIDbecame the youngest lieutenant governor in Nevada history, winning election as Governor Mike O’Callaghan’s running mate. Mike O’Callaghan had been Sen-ator R
EID’s mentor in high school as a teacher, boxing coach, and friend. In 1977, Senator R
EIDwas appointed chairman of the Nevada Gaming Com-mission. For 5 years, he was engaged in an unrelenting fight with organized crime syndicates to clean up Nevada’s gaming industry. In 1981, his wife—high school sweetheart Landra—found a bomb attached to the family station wagon. In 1982, Senator R
EIDwon the first of two elections to serve in the House of Representatives and then he was elect-ed to the Senate in 1986. In 2005 he be-came the Democratic Leader, two years later, he became the majority leader, a post he held until the Repub-licans gained control of the Senate last year. As the Las Vegas Sun put it, he went from being the underdog to the top dog. I have talked about Senator R
EID’s hardscrabble upbringing because it has made him one of the toughest people I have ever known. Yet he is also one of the kindest, and most compassionate. Senator R
EIDmay be the top dog, but he has always fought for the underdog. I think that quality is best exemplified by his advocacy on behalf of Native Americans, which includes helping to build the Nation’s first utility-scal solar project on tribal land in Nevada. I know how much he is respected in In-dian country. Senator R
EIDwas instrumental in passing the Affordable Care Act, ACA, which—along with the Medicaid expan-sion—has provided health care to more than 20 million Americans. Senator R
EID’s efforts to choose qualified Federal jurists for the U.S. District Court for the District of Ne-vada will be felt for decades after he leaves office. Senator R
EIDhas rec-ommended and helped confirm five of the six judges currently serving on the court. As a result of Senator R
EID’s commitment to diversity, there have been numerous ‘‘firsts’’ for the court. In 1998, Senator R
EIDrecommended Johnnie Rawlinson to be the first woman to serve as a judge on the Ne-vada District Court. At his request, she was elevated to the Ninth Circuit in 2000. In 2010, Gloria Navarro became the first Hispanic woman to serve as a judge on the Nevada District Court. In 2012, Miranda Du became the first Asian-Pacific American to serve as a judge on the Nevada District Court. In 2014, Richard Boulware became the first African-American man to serve as a judge on the Nevada District Court. The Senate still has the opportunity to confirm Anne Traum, who would be the first Jewish person to serve on the Nevada District Court. Senator REIDhas fought hard on be-half of his fellow Nevadans. He has pre-vented the Federal Government from building a nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain. He authored and passed legislation establishing Ne-vada’s first national park, Great Basin National Park. He has led the fight to protect and restore Lake Tahoe. He prevented the removal of the Nevada Air National Guard’s C–130 aircraft and the closure of the Hawthorne Army Depot, and he secured over $600 million for the Southern Nevada Veterans Ad-ministration Medical Complex. When it comes to combatting climate change and promoting the development and adoption of clean, sustainable, re-newable energy, Senator R
EIDhas been a visionary. He has incentivized $5.5 billion in investments in Nevada’s clean energy resources through tax credits, grants, and loan guarantees. He helped to create a new fast-track permitting process for clean energy de-velopment on public lands. He facili-tated the public-private partnership needed for the One Nevada Trans-mission Line, which connects northern and southern Nevada’s electricity grids for the first time, helping to unlock the State’s vast clean energy potential. While his interest in promoting clean energy—especially solar—may have a local origin, the benefits will accrue to all humanity for generations to come as we transition from our reliance on fossil fuels. Serving as the Leader, whether in the majority or the minority, is a tough job. The leader has to fight the most intense partisan battles. The Leader has to say ‘‘no’’ on many occasions. The leader has to stand up for other members of the party. Senator R
EID has been tough enough to be an ex-traordinary leader. If I were in a fox-hole, I would want H
ARRY REIDby my side. I know every other Democratic Senator feels the same way—and surely most Republicans. We are going to miss H
ARRY REID. I wish him, his wife Landra, their five children, and 19 grandchildren all the best. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.045 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6879 December 8, 2016 
WORK BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, earlier today we moved the Defense authoriza-tion bill across the finish line. This leg-islation authorizes funding for things such as training our troops to counter the ever-evolving threats emanating from around the world. The Defense au-thorization bill will also give our men and women in uniform the most up-to- date weaponry and the other equip-ment they need, including advanced aircraft, ships, and ground vehicles. Fortunately, the bill also authorizes needed improvements in military fa-cilities such as those in Fort Hood, TX, Joint Base San Antonio, Red River Army Depot, and Ellington Field. Finally, it provides a much needed pay raise for our troops. I am pleased we were able to finish our work on that to better serve our men and women in uniform. I hope the President reconsiders his stated intention to veto this legisla-tion. It makes absolutely no sense to me, and I think it would be an insult to the troops—whom we all claim to sup-port—to deny them the resources and the pay raise that this bill provides for. We still have more work ahead of us, including the continuing resolution. I know there are Members of this body who say: Well, we want to change that appropriations bill to add some other provisions. But I just came back from meeting with some of the Members of the Texas House delegation. They tell me the House is leaving. So even if changes are made, the House is not going to be here and in session to make changes to the continuing resolution. Our friends across the aisle need to face up to the reality that if they somehow prevent us from passing this continuing resolution, it will be on their hands. I hope they will reconsider because they are not going to be able to achieve the goal they are seeking. We are close to wrapping up the Water Resources Development Act as well. This bill has also experienced a little bit of a hiccup. It has been held up over questions about how to best ad-dress the drought in California, but the bottom line is that California needs this legislation to help deliver water to its people and to keep producing bil-lions of dollars’ worth of crops each year. I know the folks in California con-sider themselves to be the breadbasket for America and literally the world be-cause of all the food we export, but that is one reason why this legislation is so important and why the senior Senator from California, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Majority Leader M CCARTHY  negotiated this package. I know Senator B
OXER is not pleased with it, but the fact is, under the cur-rent procedures, we are going to finish this legislation one way or another— perhaps as late as Monday, but we need to get it done. This legislative package will make sure that California and the rest of the country get the resources we need while complying with all environ-mental laws. Of course, with some co-operation we can get all of these mov-ing parts done for the American people soon. f 
TRIBUTES TO DEPARTING SENATORS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know it is always difficult to come to the floor and talk about the departure of our good friends and valued colleagues. The word I have heard mentioned the most this week is ‘‘bittersweet’’—peo-ple looking forward to the next chapter of their lives but regretting the fact that good friends and valued colleagues are moving on to the next chapter of their lives. But every other December, we find ourselves bidding farewell to some of our most admired and re-spected Members. Today I wish to speak briefly about four of them, start-ing with our good friend from New Hampshire, Senator A
YOTTE . 
KELLY AYOTTE  
Mr. President, Senator A YOTTE and I have more in common than may meet the eye, so let me explain. Our home-towns are 2,000 miles away, so it doesn’t seem obvious. She served as at-torney general of the State of New Hampshire and holds the distinction of being New Hampshire’s first and only female attorney general. She was first appointed to that position by a Repub-lican Governor, and she did such an outstanding job serving the people that she was reappointed to that position by a Democratic Governor. Everybody who knows K
ELLY AYOTTE  knows that she epitomizes the spirit of bipartisanship and comradery that makes a good public servant a great one. That has been evident in her work she has done here in the U.S. Senate. From the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act to multiple national security issues, Senator A
YOTTE has been eager to work with Members on both sides of the aisle when it comes down to doing what is best for the peo-ple of her State and for the United States. Senator A
YOTTE and I both come from military families. My dad flew in the Army Air Corps in World War II, with the 303rd Bomb Group of the Air Force. Her grandfather also served in World War II. And, as many of us know, Joe, her husband, served in the Air Force and the Air National Guard, and he flew combat missions in Bosnia and Iraq. Senator A
YOTTE ’s firsthand knowledge of the military has been a great help to us, particularly in her role on the Armed Services Committee. K
ELLY will tell us that she does her best to listen first, to take in the con-cerns and priorities of her fellow Gran-ite Staters, discuss the merits of each side’s policy position, and only then carefully and methodically reach a well-considered decision. That patience and willingness to listen and consider all views has served her well during her tenure in the U.S. Senate. It is a lesson we all should take to heart and learn from by her good example. I want to add my thanks to our friend, Senator KELLY AYOTTE , for her years of service on behalf of the people of New Hampshire. I also thank her husband Joe Daley and their two chil-dren, Katherine and Jacob, for their steadfast support of Joe’s wife and their children’s mom over these past years. I don’t know in what capacity Kelly will continue to serve her community and her State and her Nation, but I know we will be hearing and seeing her more in some capacity of service, and I look forward to seeing where and in what capacity she finally decides to serve next. 
DAN COATS  
Mr. President, next I wish to recog-nize our friend, Senator D
ANCOATS . Senator C
OATS is a well-known com-modity not just in Hoosier country but across the United States. He has earned the reputation of a distin-guished statesman who genuinely doesn’t need an introduction because his sterling reputation precedes him. We know his impressive resume. After serving the country as a soldier in the Army, he decided he wanted to continue in public service, so he worked as a congressional staffer for then-Congressman Dan Quayle. When his boss decided to run for the Senate and won, Senator C
OATS took his boss’s congressional seat to serve in the House of Representatives. And when Senator Quayle became Vice President Quayle, Representative Coats became Senator C
OATS , following on in his ex-ample. He broke that pattern of following in the footsteps of the former Vice Presi-dent when he was appointed Ambas-sador to Germany. In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks, he was an instru-mental diplomat, working with our al-lies in Europe as we responded and as the world responded to the worst terror attack on our country in our history. I know I speak for every Member here when I say that we are grateful Senator C
OATS came out of retirement and came back to the Senate in 2010. We have come to know that he is a warrior when it comes to wasteful Washington spending, and every week he comes to the floor to talk about his waste of the week. It is a service to all of us, really, to remind us that we have a lot of work to do in that area but also to point out how we can save tax-payers’ dollars and use them more effi-ciently. Many folks wouldn’t know that he regularly attends the weekly Prayer Breakfast we have here in the Senate as well, which is a great time for Sen-ators to come together and to support one another. It reflects Dan’s commit-ment to faithfully encourage his col-leagues day in and day out. My colleagues know that Senator C
OATS is also a big fan of getting things done during votes, and he knows how to work a room. He has been on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.046 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6880 December 8, 2016 
the deputy whip team and helped con-sult with and helped inform our col-leagues in a way that has helped us to actually get legislation passed by uni-fying us. Suffice it to say Senator C
OATS is a true diplomat wherever he goes, and this Chamber has been a better, more civil place with him in it. I know D
ANwould be the first to tell us that his decades of public service were made possible because of the equal partner he has in his wife Mar-sha. They met in college. They have been married more than 50 years, and they are a great example to all of us. So thanks to Marsha and their children and grandchildren for sharing D
ANall these years. I have a suspicion that Senator C
OATS doesn’t have it in him to step to-tally away from public service, and there has been some news and discus-sion as to whether he might be in the running for another important posi-tion, perhaps in the next administra-tion. I know we all look forward to see-ing where he goes next to serve our country, which we know is so impor-tant to him. 
DAVID VITTER  
Mr. President, I would also like to say a few words about the senior Sen-ator from Louisiana, D
AVID VITTER . Back in the 113th Congress, in 2013, I began my tenure as the Republican whip, and at the same time I invited Senator V
ITTER to serve the conference as a deputy whip. One thing we always know about D
AVID VITTER , whether you are a colleague, a staffer, or a con-stituent, is that no matter what, he is going to have thought carefully about the issue in ways that perhaps surprise many of us, and when he has something to say about an issue, it is always something worth listening to. I can’t say that about all of us, but certainly Senator V
ITTER adds to the value of our deliberations every time he speaks. But, of course, nothing is closer to his heart than the people of Louisiana, and what he has done diligently and faithfully here is serve the people of his State. I have had the pleasure of work-ing with him on issues we share in common, like coastal protection issues that affect both of our States with our gulf coast. Senator V
ITTER was sworn into office the same year Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans. As a matter of fact, for a time, he and his family lit-erally lived outside the Houston area because of the devastation wrought by that terrible hurricane—a storm that FEMA called the ‘‘single most cata-strophic natural disaster in U.S. his-tory.’’ Katrina did billions of dollars’ worth of damage, killed almost 2,000 people, left thousands without a roof over their heads, and cut the popu-lation of New Orleans in half. About 100,000 of those, I am told, made perma-nent residence in Texas, having had their homes destroyed. I know Senator V
ITTER took this dev-astation as a personal challenge. He hit the ground running. When the people of Louisiana needed him most, he worked at every level of government to bring them together and get the help they needed. Of course, just a few years after Katrina, Hurricane Ike pummeled its way through the Gulf Coast of Mex-ico before making landfall on the Texas coast. So I have had a number of opportunities to work with Senator VITTER not only on recovery efforts for our States but to make sure our com-munities along the coast stand ready to help each other and particularly as we prepare for future storms. I wish him and his wife Wendy and their entire family well as they look to more adventures and more opportuni-ties to serve. I have no doubt he will continue to take his passion for help-ing the people of Louisiana with him wherever the future may lead. 
MARK KIRK  
Finally, Mr. President, I wish to rec-ognize the senior Senator from Illinois, M
ARKKIRK. If my colleagues have no-ticed Senator K
IRK’s interests on the floor, they will notice a trend. In addi-tion to supporting measures that help the people of Illinois, he is laser-fo-cused on keeping America safe. He pro-vides us a declassified situation map that shows us where the U.S. military is engaged in fighting the War on Ter-ror in the Middle East and in Africa. He is a former member of the U.S. Navy, and so he has worked long and hard to strengthen our military at every turn. He has been a thoughtful and vocal critic of some of our Nation’s biggest adversaries, like North Korea and Iran. M
ARKhas never been one to shy away from more sanctions or steeper penalties for those countries if it means the United States will be safer as a result. To put it simply, M
ARKKIRKis a great patriot. We all know his personal story of overcoming a stroke and his great per-severance and fortitude. It really has been an inspiration to watch M
ARK as he has recovered from that devastating stroke and continued to be an enor-mously productive Senator on behalf of the State of Illinois. It has been a joy to see him turn that difficult circumstance into a rallying cry to help others get the best care and rehabilitation available today. So I am personally grateful to Sen-ator K
IRKfor many things, but in par-ticular I want to mention his strong support of anti-human trafficking leg-islation. I joined him in Chicago a few years ago to speak with law enforce-ment about the connections between organized crime and sex trafficking. M
ARKhas never wavered from his sup-port for important legislation that we passed here this last year called the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. He understood right from the begin-ning that human trafficking was essen-tially modern-day slavery, targeting, as it did, vulnerable children—typi-cally a child of 12 to 14 years old who has run away from home, only to find themselves unable to leave because they have become a victim of slavery. So I am thankful to Senator KIRKfor standing up for the victims of human trafficking and taking care of and prioritizing our veterans and service men and women. Let me close by saying thank you again to our friends Senator K
IRK, Sen-ator V
ITTER , Senator C OATS , and Sen-ator A
YOTTE for the indelible mark and contributions they made to the Senate and my sincere appreciation for how they have faithfully served our coun-try. I am grateful for their friendship and wish them and their families well as they tackle new ventures ahead. I will just close by saying we have another colleague who has been nomi-nated to serve as Attorney General, who still has to go through the process of confirmation and advice and consent by the Senate. That, of course, would be the senior Senator from Alabama, Mr. S
ESSIONS —not to jinx him; I will wait until that process is concluded, but I will be back here speaking about him at the appropriate time. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, for debate only, until 3 p.m. this after-noon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I would like to have a colloquy with my colleague. It is my understanding that Senator C
ARPER was interested in 5 minutes, Senator M
ERKLEY was interested in 5 minutes, I was interested in 5 minutes, and I think Senator E
NZIwas inter-ested in 5 minutes. Could I ask my colleague if he would amend his UC so that each of those four Senators would have 5 minutes? I think that would take us to about 3:10, as opposed to 3 o’clock. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would like to accommodate my friend from Washington, but the House message containing the continuing resolution is due here at 3 o’clock. There are a num-ber of procedural matters that need to be attended to, so we will have Sen-ators coming to the floor for that pur-pose. I am told that after that process occurs, which shouldn’t take very long, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.047 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6881 December 8, 2016 
the floor will be wide open for Senators to speak as long as they like. I object to the modification. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the original request? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. 
f 
FORESTRY POLICY Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I am speaking in morning business with my colleague and friend Senator M
ERKLEY  to talk about forestry policy and to give the Senate a little bit of an update on where we are because we have so many resource-dependent communities that have been devastated as a result of a variety of policies. I want to touch briefly, and then yield to Senator M
ERKLEY , on what some of those ele-ments are. No. 1 is that our softwood lumber producers are now in a titanic battle with the Canadians, fighting the Cana-dian system of heavily subsidizing their industry, thereby cutting ours. A group of 25 Senators—a quarter of the Senate—have joined me in an effort so that our trade representative pushes back and continues to fight this un-just, inequitable system until we no longer see Oregon and American jobs destroyed as a result of the Canadians’ unfairly subsidizing their industry. No. 2, we feel very strongly about getting the harvest up in a sustainable fashion. We know there is an awful lot of work to do in the woods. We can do it with an environmental ethic, with an ethic of forest health, and I strongly support that. I have introduced legisla-tion to do that in my home State and have been supportive of colleagues’ ef-forts to do it in their parts of the coun-try. The reality is—and the Forest Serv-ice has said this—you would have to in-crease logging on our public lands by 400 percent in order to no longer need a third leg of the forestry stool, which is the Secure Rural Schools program. I want it understood that we are going to push back against inequitable trade practices that are hurting jobs in rural Oregon and rural America. We are going to support increasing the harvest in a sustainable fashion, but there is no realistic increase that might possibly win passage here in Washington and be upheld legally that involves taking the harvest up to 400 percent. You are going to need a safety net. Senator M
ERKLEY and I, Senator C
RAPO , Senator R ISCH, and many col-leagues on both sides of the aisle have fought to get this program, which has now expired, extended for one more year. This program began in 2000 as a result of a bipartisan piece of legisla-tion, which Senator Craig and I au-thored, called the Secure Rural Schools bill. It now benefits more than 700 counties, and we see it benefiting com-munities all over the country. This program is depended on for education. It is depended on for roads. It is de-pended on in many areas for law en-forcement. Unfortunately, our col-leagues have not been willing to extend it. Senator MERKLEY and I, and Sen-ator C
RAPO and Senator R ISCH, in a bi-partisan way, have wanted to work in the Senate to get this extended, but to put these vital county payments on the back burner would be an enormous mistake. I want to yield the remainder of our time to my friend and colleague, but there are really three legs to this stool: fight unfair trade practices, get the harvest up in a sustainable kind of fashion, and understand that you are not going to be able to meet the needs of hard-hit rural communities without the safety net program—the Secure Rural Schools program. Senator C
RAPO , Senator R ISCH, Sen-ator M
ERKLEY , and I are going to keep coming back here again and again until we get it reauthorized. I yield the remainder of our time to Senator M
ERKLEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ap-preciate the comments of my colleague from Oregon, who, back in the year 2000, fought so hard to right a wrong. The wrong was that a variety of meas-ures related to these timbered acres re-duced the ability to pull as much har-vest off as in the past. Part of that was the fact that there was simply a lot of second growth that wasn’t ready to be cut yet. Another was a variety of rules related to environmental protections, to forest fire prevention. There were a whole series of things. The bottom line is that these coun-ties, which originally had these lands before they transferred them to Fed-eral Government for safekeeping, are dependent upon revenue from the tim-ber sales on these lands. My colleague pointed out that those timber sales simply can can’t operate at the same level to provide the resources those counties operated on. Much as with Payments in Lieu of Taxes, or the PILT program, we stepped in—my col-league stepped in and led the effort to honor the promise made to those coun-ties. We have been doing so now for 16 years. One of the challenges that has emerged is that we reauthorize it only for a short period of time. We say we will still honor the promise but only for a year or only for 2 years, which means the counties never know what is going to be coming. They are really caught in limbo. Because they are rural counties—they don’t have a great amount of manufacturing; a lot of the counties don’t have a lot of farmland— they are really dependent upon the for-est industry as the heart of their econ-omy. This is very important to them. We need to honor the promise to these counties, just as we have through the PILT program. It is a situation we can debate at whatever level that should be, but it needs to be a long- term commitment to this promise to these counties. Remember, these were county lands that were transferred back to the Federal Government to es-sentially hold in trust for them. I share with my colleague the desire that we address this in a fashion that provides a strong foundation, a strong commitment to the promise made to rural America, to rural forested coun-ties. As mentioned, 720 counties in 41 States—that is a pretty significant deal across the country. We need to act, and we need to act now. I turn this back over to my col-league. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I am going to wrap this up simply by saying a program like this has generated a tremendous amount of community in-volvement. There are advisory commit-tees that bring the industry and envi-ronmental folks together. That is what we are going to need to get this job done right. It is called collaborative forestry. The Secure Rural Schools program is something that Senator MERKLEY and I want to reauthorize. It is a textbook case for what you want to do for collaborative forestry. We didn’t even really get into forest health because we all know our forests, particularly in the West, are burning up, so Senator R
ISCH, Senator C RAPO , and I went into something called fire borrowing, which is an extraordinarily inefficient policy that discourages pre-vention with respect to fire. We are going to be back to talk about the nuts and bolts of sensible forest policy. We need to build on this col-laborative effort, as we have sought to do in our O&C bill—the bill that Sen-ator M
ERKLEY and I have been involved with—which will double the harvest, on average, for the next 50 years, accord-ing to the experts. We want it to be un-derstood that we are going to be fight-ing on a number of fronts. We will fight with respect to the trade policy, which is long overdue, as it relates to getting a fair shake for our softwood lumber producers and value-added forestry. We are going to focus on collaborative ap-proaches and get the harvest up in a sustainable way. Senator M
ERKLEY has talked about the promise of Secure Rural Schools, and I feel it is very regrettable that when Senator C
RAPO and Senator R ISCH tried to convince the other side of the aisle to accept Secure Rural Schools now, we couldn’t get it done. I think anybody who knows us knows we are persistent, and you don’t get anything important done without bi-partisan support. That is the way we will approach our forestry policy in the days ahead. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.051 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6882 December 8, 2016 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION AND WRDA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to call everybody’s atten-tion to the House vote that just oc-curred on the continuing resolution and on the WRDA bill. The continuing resolution passed 326 to 96; 208 Repub-licans voted for it and 33 voted against it. On the Democratic side, 118 Demo-crats voted for it and only 63 voted against it. The WRDA bill passed 360 to 61. Re-publicans voted for it 222 to 17; Demo-crats voted for it 138 to 44. The House has clearly—with two overwhelming votes—sent us the last two measures that we need to deal with here before we wrap up this Congress and head home for the holidays. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the body the message to accompany H.R. 2028. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House agree to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2028) entitled ‘‘An Act making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes.’’, with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment on H.R. 2028. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. President, I send a cloture mo-tion to the desk on the motion to con-cur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028, an act making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, Orrin G. Hatch, Johnny Isakson, John Cor-nyn, Thad Cochran, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, John Hoeven, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, John Thune, Daniel Coats, Marco Rubio, Roy Blunt. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 5139 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur on the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028, with a further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028 with an amendment numbered 5139. Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 1 day after en-actment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on the mo-tion to concur with the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5140 TO AMENDMENT NO . 5139 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5140 to amendment No. 5139. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 5141 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to refer the House message on H.R. 2028 to the Committee on Appro-priations with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 5141. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message to accompany H.R. 2028 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment num-bered 5141. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 3 days after en-actment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on my mo-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5142 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have an amendment to the instruc-tions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5142 to the instructions of the motion to refer the House message to accompany H.R. 2028. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5143 TO AMENDMENT NO . 5142 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5143 to amendment No. 5142. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’. f 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the body the message to accompany Calendar No. 65, S. 612. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 612) entitled ‘‘An Act to designate the Fed-eral building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States, Courthouse’.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 612. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to concur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to Calendar No. 65, S. 612, an act to designate the Federal building and the United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house.’’ James M. Inhofe, Roger F. Wicker, Orrin G. Hatch, Johnny Isakson, John Cor-nyn, Thad Cochran, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, John Hoeven, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, John Thune, Daniel Coats, Marco Rubio, Mitch McConnell. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 5144 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 612, with a further amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.074 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6883 December 8, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 612 with an amendment numbered 5144. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 1 day after en-actment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to concur with the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5145 TO AMENDMENT NO . 5144 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5145 to amendment No. 5144. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 5146 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to refer the House message on S. 612 to the Committee on Environment and Public Works with instructions to report back forthwith with an amend-ment numbered 5146. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message on S. 612 to the Committee on Environment and Public Works with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment num-bered 5146. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 3 days after en-actment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on my mo-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5147 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have an amendment to the instruc-tions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5147 to the instructions of the motion to refer the House message to accompany S. 612. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5148 TO AMENDMENT NO . 5147 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5148 to amendment No. 5147. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
TRIBUTE TO DAN COATS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, as this ses-sion of Congress draws to a close, it provides us with an opportunity to ac-knowledge and express our apprecia-tion to those Members of the Senate who will be retiring in a few weeks. One of those who will be retiring and will be greatly missed is D
ANCOATS of Indiana. D
ANhas had an interesting ca-reer and through his more than 15 years in the Senate has made a dif-ference. He has been a reliable vote for the best interests of his home State and the future of the Nation, and he leaves behind a legacy of which he should be very proud. D
AN’s first years of service in the Congress began in 1981, when he served in the House of Representatives. He was then appointed to the United States Senate when Dan Quayle was elected Vice President. He served in the Senate from 1989 to 1999, when his self-imposed term-limit pledge brought to an end his first years in the Senate. It was not long there-after that D
ANwas again asked to serve, this time as Ambassador to Ger-many. He arrived in Germany and took up his service there just before our Nation experienced the tragic event of Sep-tember 11. Our relationship with our allies took on prime importance after that, and we were fortunate to have D
ANabroad to maintain our strong friendship with the German Govern-ment and people. Several years later, the Indiana Sen-ate seat was open again, and D
ANtook up the challenge to run again to serve the people of his home State in the Senate. The people of Indiana and our Nation, conservatives and people of faith, have been fortunate to have DAN to rely on. He has been a steady and de-pendable force for taking better care of our Nation’s finances and keeping a close watch on our security. Last year, after a great deal of pray-er and thought and consideration, D
AN did announce that he would not be run-ning for another term in the Senate. It was a decision he made once again with the people of his home State in mind. He has always been determined to have the best representatives in place to serve the people of Indiana and address those issues that most concerned him. With that in mind, D
ANannounced that he believed ‘‘the time has come to pass this demanding job to the next generation of leaders.’’ We will miss D
AN. We will miss his background and experience. We will miss his reason-able, appropriate, and well-timed com-ments and his ability to get results. I look forward to his next challenge or adventure and know he will continue to look out for what is best for our Na-tion and our people. D
ANhas been a great source of strength and support for our party and he will be missed. To you, D
AN, Diana and I join in sending our best wishes and our appreciation to you and Mar-sha. Together, you have been great ex-amples of the importance of public service. The organization you founded, the Foundation for American Renewal, and the Project for American Renewal that you created have helped you to focus on and work toward solutions to many of our problems. That is also a part of our legacy and why you will continue to receive the recognition you deserve. You have also been a part of a number of community and volunteer organizations. For these and so many more reasons, we thank you and Marsha for devoting so much of your life to making our Nation a better place to live. You certainly achieved that goal and we wish you both the best. 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Mr. President, I also want to take some time today to speak about the senior Senator from Maryland, B
AR-
BARA MIKULSKI . In the years to come, Senator M
IKULSKI will be known for a lot of things that made her years of service to the people of Maryland quite remarkable. It will always be men-tioned that she has been the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress. Although that is important, Senator M
IKULSKI did not come to Washington to see how long she could stay. She came here to see how much of a dif-ference she could make. In the end, she served for so many years because of what she was able to do with her time in the House and then in the Senate. The people of Maryland have such a strong affection for Senator M
IKULSKI  because they always felt like she was one of them. She never lost touch with the people back home. Her family name was well known to the people in her neighborhood because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.085 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6884 December 8, 2016 
her parents ran a grocery store. Every morning they opened their store early so people could stop by to pick up something before they headed off to work. In that, and so many other ways, her family played an important role in the day-to-day life of their neighborhood and her neighbors never forgot that. When the opportunity came for Sen-ator M
IKULSKI to run for a seat in the House representing Baltimore, she didn’t hesitate. She took her case to the people and they liked what they heard. She won what was to be the first of a long series of elections, each of which she won easily and impressively. Senator M
IKULSKI has a number of in-terests, and one of the things I am sure she enjoyed about Congress has been her ability to take up a number of those issues to make a difference in people’s lives. In everything she has done, she has always found a way to help the people back home. A key ex-ample of that is her fight over ‘‘the road.’’ The battle dates back to 1966 when B
ARBARA was a social worker in Baltimore. The city council proposed building a highway to connect down-town Baltimore to its suburbs, a plan that B
ARBARA worried would cause Pol-ish Americans, African Americans, and lower income residents to lose their homes. As is her way, B
ARBARA sprung to action by forming a community group of opposition. The road was blocked. B
ARBARA wound up on the city council, and the area where the road was supposed to be built is now one of Baltimore’s biggest draws. As far as her work in the Senate goes, one of her many legislative vic-tories that I will long remember is work she did on something that came to be known as Rosa’s Law. Rosa was a 9-year-old young lady who was diag-nosed with Down syndrome. Her moth-er was well aware of what a hurtful label things like ‘‘mental retardation’’ and ‘‘mentally retarded’’ were to those who saw them in the Federal laws that were written to help them. B
ARBARA  knew there was only one solution to this problem and that was to eliminate those terms from Federal law. I was pleased to able to help in the effort to pass that bill, seeing how much it meant not only to Rosa and her family but to Senator B
ARBARA MI-
KULSKI . Our work on that bill will stay with me and will be a reminder of the reason we work so hard to pass legisla-tion and answer the needs of the people back home. In the end, it is all about making lives better. That is something B
AR-
BARA has done every day of her service in Congress. As the longest serving woman in Congress, she has continued to earn the title of ‘‘Dean of Senate Women.’’ She has been a mentor and source of good advice to her colleagues who appreciated being able to ask for her opinion and her guidance on their work on the Senate. She certainly helped me when I was a new Senator and was advocating for low-income housing in Jackson, one of the rich areas of our State. With her support, we got that done and made sure there was a mix in the community of different occupations and people. Her reputation has been to not only help the Members of the Senate with whom she has served, it also helped serve to encourage the women of Mary-land to get active and involved in the work that must be done to make her home State and our Nation better places to live. In a very real sense, her leadership skills have inspired the next generation of Maryland’s leaders. Now Senator MIKULSKI is leaving the Senate after having made a difference and leaving her mark on the history of Congress. One of the key things she will be remembered for is her tireless support of NIH. I know they will miss her and her commitment to the prin-ciples and values that guided her through her career, from her service on the Baltimore City Council to her work in the House of Representatives and then the Senate. She made a difference everywhere she served. For that reason and for many more, she will never be forgotten. My wife Diana and I join in sending our best wishes to Senator M
IKULSKI  for her years of service. Now that her Senate adventure has come to an end, she will undoubtedly come up with more challenges to pursue in the years to come. I am hoping these plans might include a followup to her mystery novel that was set in the Senate. We are looking forward to seeing what the next chapter of her life may include. Good luck to these fellow Senators. 
TRIBUTE TO HARRY REID  
Mr. President, at the end of each Congress, the Senate tradition is to pause for a moment to share our thoughts about those Senators who will be retiring when the final gavel brings the session to a close. One of those senators who will be leaving the Senate is H
ARRY REID. Senator R EIDis quite a remarkable individual, and his story should be read and considered by students of government and history—of all ages. Over the years, I have spent some time with H
ARRY at prayer breakfasts and listened to his reflections on his life—personally and politically. He has lived a life that few would ever believe to be possible. H
ARRY makes for a great example of how to take your life and make the most of it. He was born in a small cabin that offered few of life’s com-forts, but he didn’t complain about it. He took what he was given in life and worked to make things better. As a young man, he served as the stu-dent body president of his high school and drew the notice of his teachers and his boxing coach. He attended Utah State University, and his next stop was George Washington University—my alma mater—where he worked to earn a law degree. To make that possible, H
ARRY needed a job, and so he worked as a U.S. Capitol Police officer. H
ARRY  then returned home to Nevada and took up what would be his lifelong am-bition, serving the people of his home State. It wasn’t long before HARRY had served in Nevada’s State legislature and on the Nevada Gaming Commis-sion. When the opportunity presented itself, he served in the House and then moved on to the Senate. He didn’t win every election, but each disappointment only served to make him more determined to make a difference for the people of his State. His statistics are impressive—more than 30 years in Congress, serving under five Presidents, and being a part of both the minority and majority. And all the time, H
ARRY has found ways to pursue and support agendas to benefit the people of Nevada. One of my favorite memories will al-ways be the work H
ARRY , and I did to enable the LDS Church to purchase a site that has a great deal of historic significance to them. The legislation had already passed the House, but was stuck in the Senate as some concerns were raised. H
ARRY knew what he need-ed to do to make it possible for the bill to clear the Senate, and together, we figured out a way to make it happen. Today Martin’s Cove is a popular site that draws large crowds every year. This is one of those moments most of us thought would never happen. It seemed like H
ARRY REIDwould always be in the Senate. He has not only left a remarkable record, he also seems to be the last of an era. I have no doubt those who will take up his position in the years to come will do a good job and get results, but they will never do it ‘‘like H
ARRY did.’’ He will forever stand as a unique mix of personality, character, history, and background. Diana joins in sending our best wish-es to H
ARRY and his wife, Landra. To-gether they have been quite a team and have accomplished a great deal. We didn’t always agree on the issues, but one thing can be said: If you had a tough battle before you and you needed someone by your side who wouldn’t give up until the battle was won, H
ARRY was the kind of guy you would want in the fight. If you were on the other side of an issue, you would al-ways prefer someone like H
ARRY would not be opposing you. Thank you for your service, H
ARRY . You have left an example that will in-spire and encourage others in the years to come. Whenever faced with an im-possible task, people will remember you and realize that with some cre-ativity, determination and an under-standing of the rules of the Senate, much can be done. 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA BOXER  
Mr. President, at the end of each Congress, the Senate takes a moment to express our appreciation and ac-knowledge the efforts of those Mem-bers who will be retiring in just a few weeks. This year one of our colleagues who will be returning home is Senator B
ARBARA BOXER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:52 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.090 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6885 December 8, 2016 
BARBARA will be leaving us after a career of over 30 years in the House and Senate. During her service, she has im-pressed all those with whom she has worked with the strength of her views, her courage, and her determination to fight for the things in which she truly believes. Regardless of the cir-cumstances that drew her into each legislative battle, she has always held true to the principles that have guided her in her life. For B
ARBARA , her early career work as a stockbroker soon found her head-ing to California with her husband after he had completed his work in law school. She then got interested in poli-tics and became a strong voice for the political views of the people who re-sided in the area she now called home. Her constituents liked what they heard from B
ARBARA —and the way she ex-pressed her views on the issues and pro-posals she wanted to work on. Her style of speaking soon became her trademark in Congress. She has a convincing way of presenting her case, and that is one reason why it was al-ways good to be on her side. She calls it speaking ‘‘extremely candid and straight from the shoulders, and not to be mealy-mouthed or waffle.’’ Anyone who has had a chance to come to know her—or to tackle an issue either with her or opposed to her—knows how ac-curate that description is. Right after the tragedy of 9/11, I joined B
ARBARA as ranking member of the subcommittee she chaired regard-ing terrorism financing. I was proud to join her in that work, and I have appre-ciated the significant role she has played on a number of highway bills, which are important to both of our home states. Over the years, there have been some other issues that we could discuss and work on with an eye towards com-promise. For each of us, however, there were other issues that were of such im-portance to our constituents it would have been hard for either of us to move too far from the path that we had been following from our early days in poli-tics. B
ARBARA and I both have a strong touch of the West in our hearts that we express every day in everything we do. That is why I was not surprised when she mentioned as she spoke about her retirement that she felt that it was time for her to return home—as she said so well—‘‘to the state I love so much, California.’’ B
ARBARA , Diana joins me in sending our congratulations for your hard work and your dedication to your home State. You have left your mark here in Congress, and I think it is safe to say you will not be forgotten. Thanks again for your willingness to serve and work so hard for what you believe in. You have helped to encourage and in-spire the next generation of leaders from your State. In that way and so many others, you have made a dif-ference. TRIBUTE TO MARK KIRK  
Mr. President, when the current Con-gress is brought to a close with the banging of the gavel, several Members will be departing our Senate commu-nity. Whatever they will be doing after closing this chapter of their lives, we wish them well and share with them our great appreciation for their will-ingness to serve and make a difference over the years. M
ARK KIRK, one of our current sen-ators from Illinois, has left a mark on the Congress that will not soon be for-gotten. He has served with great dis-tinction, and he has made a difference in the Senate. M
ARK’s time in Washington began when the people of Illinois voted to send him to the House of Representa-tives. He represented their interests in that Chamber from 2001–2010. In 2010, M
ARKran for and won an open Senate seat. When he was sworn in, he brought with him what had earned him the trust and support of the people back home throughout his years in the House—an independent streak and an open mind to everything that drew his interest and captured his attention. The statistics of the past 6 years bear that out. Whatever came before the Senate gave M
ARK reason to review each issue considering the best inter-ests of the people of his state. He wasn’t always found exclusively on one side of the aisle or the other when it came time to vote. During his years of service in the Senate, two issues that particularly drew his attention were Iran and the treatment of our Nation’s veterans. M
ARK has been focused on Iran and what our Nation should be doing to en-sure that Iran’s threat to the Middle East and other nations is minimized. He has been tireless in keeping watch over their potential nuclear program. As chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs, M
ARKhas fo-cused on ensuring that those veterans who retired from duty with medical issues have received the care they needed to recover and live better, more healthful lives. This was an interest that stemmed from his service in the Navy Reserve from 1989–2013 and is yet another way for M
ARK to make a dif-ference in the lives of those who had served our nation. Before I close, I must recognize the challenge M
ARK overcame by recov-ering from a stroke during his Senate service. It was a long and difficult road back to the Senate so he could again represent the people of his home State, but M
ARKpersevered. All told, it took him a year before he was strong enough to return to Washington on a perma-nent basis. One moment I will always remember is the day he came back to the Senate, walking the steps with Vice President J
OEBIDEN and West Virginia Senator J
OEMANCHIN . The courage, determina-tion and step by step success M
ARK made in achieving another difficult goal could not have been more clear to those of us who watched him climb the stairs. The stroke that affected him phys-ically also had an impact on his per-sonal outlook on life. When he was able, he wrote of his experience, ‘‘I was once a pessimist. I’m not that man anymore. And that change, brought about by misfortune, is the best thing that ever happened to me.’’ I have enjoyed the opportunity to come to know MARK over his Wash-ington years, and I wish he were going to stay with us so we could continue to follow his life as he works on his goals, dreams, ambitions, and efforts to keep us safe. M
ARK, Diana joins me in sending our best wishes and our appreciation for your willingness to serve. You have a record of which you should be very proud—just as proud as we are of you. You leave having made a difference far beyond your years of service. 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY AYOTTE  
Mr. President, at the end of each Congress, it is a tradition for the Sen-ate to pause for a moment to acknowl-edge and express our appreciation for the service of each Senator who will not be returning for the next session. One of those we will miss next year will be K
ELLY AYOTTE of New Hamp-shire. During the past 6 years, those of us who had a chance to come to know and work with K
ELLY have been impressed with her dedication to the people of her home State, her involvement with the issues of concern to them, and her will-ingness to work with members on both sides of the aisle to find solutions to the problems and concerns of the peo-ple of New Hampshire and America. There were at least three key steps that brought K
ELLY to the Senate after she earned her law degree from Villanova. First, she spent a year clerking for the New Hampshire Su-preme Court. Then she spent the next part of her career in private practice. The third step brought her into the State attorney general’s office and then on to serve as New Hampshire’s attorney general. When Senator Judd Gregg announced his retirement, K
ELLY knew the time was right for her to pursue another goal. She decided to run for the Senate. It wasn’t easy, but those who doubted her underestimated K
ELLY ’s innate po-litical sense and her ability to reach the people of New Hampshire. In the end she brought about a closely fought but well-earned victory in the primary and a big win in the general election. K
ELLY came to Washington in 2010 and started working right away on a number of issues that she knew were a concern to the people back home. She made it clear that she would fight for what was best for the people of her home State and worked hard on na-tional security, veterans issues, health care, and substance abuse. She has also been a tireless advocate and an out-standing partner for me on the Budget Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:52 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.042 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6886 December 8, 2016 
I am sad to see K ELLY leave the Sen-ate at the end of this year, but if her past is any indication of her future, I think she will make good use of her talents, abilities, background, knowl-edge, and experience in her future en-deavors. I hope it is in some part of our government. There is no doubt that we need good people like K
ELLY to make this a better country for us all. I have a prediction to make about her future—we haven’t seen the last of K
ELLY AYOTTE . She has a lot more to give, and I think we are all looking for-ward to seeing it. K
ELLY , Diana joins me in sending our best wishes to you and your family, and our appreciation for your willing-ness to serve New Hampshire and the Nation. There are countless sayings about how politics isn’t for anyone but the brave and the resilient. I think your experience, especially this past year, has shown that you are more than tough enough for any career chal-lenge. Good luck in whatever you choose to do next. Clearly, you spe-cialize in making the world a better place and that is a win/win for us all— especially our children and grand-children. 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID VITTER  
Mr. President, each year at the end of the Congress, it has been a tradition for the Senate to pause for a moment to express our appreciation for the service of those Members who will be retiring. One of those who will be leav-ing this year is D
AVID VITTER . D
AVID will be a loss for my party’s membership in the next Congress be-cause he was a hard worker and we could always count on him for his sup-port of our conservative positions. Simply put, he made the most of the terms he served and made an impor-tant difference on a number of issues. Over the years, D
AVID would study each bill in Committee and on the floor carefully to determine how those who would fall under its provisions would be affected. He had a good sense of what needed to be strengthened or tweaked to make legislation more ef-fective and less costly. The people of Louisiana and the Nation have had a friend in him, and they greatly appre-ciated how well he looked out for them. One issue that drew D
AVID’s and my attention was Obamacare. We both had a lot of concerns about how it would work and whether or not it would pro-vide the kind of care its supporters promised. That is one of the reasons why I hate to see him leave. We have a lot of work to do on health care, and D
AVID would have been someone who could help with the heavy lifting. D
AVID also chaired the Small Busi-ness Committee in this Congress and was able to put forward some ideas to preserve jobs and businesses. I have been proud to work with him in that effort. In short, Senator V
ITTER has had a remarkable career and has done his best to serve the people of his State and champion the issues that were of importance to them. Now DAVID has decided to end his Senate career and take on some new challenges. I have no doubt that his skills and his background will lead him down a new path to help the people of Louisiana. I wish him well and look forward to seeing what he will do. D
AVID, Diana joins me in sending our best wishes and our appreciation for your service, as well as that of your family. Together with Wendy, you were able to make a difference that will last for a long time in the Senate and in Louisiana. It is good to know you won’t be far away and we can get in touch with you whenever we need your advice. 
TRIBUTE TO VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN  
Mr. President, today I wish to recog-nize the service of a former colleague and our current Vice President, J
OE B
IDEN. J
OEwas born in Pennsylvania, but moved with his family to Delaware when he was 13. He left Delaware for brief stints at St. Helena School and Syracuse University Law School, but he has always returned to Delaware, including the daily trips he made home during his Senate career and the reg-ular trips he makes home to this day. Because of his devotion to Delaware, J
OEquickly got his start in politics, first on the New Castle County Council and then in the U.S. Senate, where he became the fifth-youngest U.S. Senator in history in 1972. He also has the dis-tinction of being Delaware’s longest serving Senator. I worked with J
OEon many different issues during his time in the Senate and served on the Foreign Relations Committee when he was our Chairman. J
OEis known as a foreign affairs ex-pert, and he has many reasons to be proud of the work he’s done in that area. One of those things that we worked on together was the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief. I remember being at the 2003 State of the Union speech when President Bush said, ‘‘We’re going to put $15 billion into an AIDS effort.’’ That shocked all of us who were there. It was a lot of money. But we worked together to de-velop a bill that passed the House and Senate unanimously. J
OEmanaged the floor when we reau-thorized that program in 2008, and we worked with Senators Coburn, B
URR, and Lugar to develop that reauthoriza-tion. At the time, J
OEsuggested histo-rians will regard PEPFAR as President Bush’s ‘‘single finest hour,’’ and I tend to agree. A few years ago, I visited the Kasisi Orphanage in Zambia. We were told that before PEPFAR, they had to bury 18 kids a month that died of AIDS, but because of PEPFAR, they got that down to one a month. I know J
OEshares my pride in the difference that program is making. We were all a little sad to see J
OE move to the White House in 2009, when he became our 47th Vice President. Lucky for us, he has been able to keep his ties to the Senate in his role as President of this body, and I think he has been one of our best partners in the administration. All of us were glad to be able to honor JOEand his son, Beau Biden, by naming the cancer section of 21st Cen-tury Cures Act after Beau. I expect J
OE will continue to be a voice for ending cancer, and I hope to work with him towards that cause. J
OE, Diana and I send our best to you, Jill and your family. You have served the people of Delaware and the people of the United States with dis-tinction. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine 
SENIOR$AFE ACT  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, at the end of a Congress, we all know how easy it is for just one Senator to block a bill. I rise today to express my great disappointment that we have been un-able to overcome objections from just one Senator from the other side of the aisle who is blocking the passage of legislation called the Senior$afe Act that is designed to help protect our seniors from financial fraud and exploi-tation. This is a bill I introduced with my colleague, Senator C
LAIRE MCCAS-
KILL, as a result of extensive hearings and investigations that we have con-ducted in the Senate Aging Committee. A companion bill passed the House on a voice vote. Nationally, as many as 5 million sen-iors may be victims of financial abuse annually. Stopping this tsunami of fraud has been one of the top priorities of the Senate Aging Committee. In the many hearings we have held on this issue, what we found is that scammers seek to gain the trust and active cooperation of their victims, who are usually older Americans. With-out that trust and cooperation, their schemes would fail. Unfortunately, sen-iors often do not see the red flags that signal that fraud is likely involved in these sophisticated schemes. Some-times seniors are simply too nice, too trusting. In other sad cases, they may suffer from diminished capacity. But just as often, they miss these flags be-cause the swindlers who prey upon them are extremely crafty and they know how to sound convincing. Any of us who have received these calls at home know how persuasive and per-sistent these con artists can be. Whatever the reason, a warning sign that can slip by a victim might trigger a second look by a financial services representative who is trained to spot common scams and who knows enough about a senior’s habits to question a transaction that just doesn’t look right. In our work on the Senate Aging Committee, we have heard of so many cases where an alert bank teller or credit union employee on the frontlines has stopped a financial fraud in its tracks, saving seniors untold thou-sands of dollars. In fact, the Govern-ment Accountability Office estimates that our seniors lose an astonishing $2.9 billion a year to this kind of fraud, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.046 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6887 December 8, 2016 
and that is probably the tip of the ice-berg because many times this fraud is never reported. I will give an example. Earlier this year, an attorney in the small coastal city of Belfast, ME, was sentenced to 30 months in prison for bilking two older female clients out of nearly half a mil-lion dollars over the course of several years. The lawyer’s brazen theft was uncovered when a local bank teller no-ticed that he was writing large checks to himself from his clients’ accounts. When confronted by authorities, he of-fered excuses that the prosecutor later described as ‘‘breathtaking.’’ For ex-ample, he put one of his clients into a nursing home to recover from a tem-porary medical condition and then managed to keep her there for 4 years until the theft of her funds came to light. In the meantime, he submitted bills for services, sometimes totaling $20,000 a month, including charging her $250 per hour for 6 to 7 hours to check on her house, which was a 1-minute drive from his office. Financial institutions are in a crit-ical position to check these fraudsters. If properly trained, employees can be the first line of defense. Regrettably, certain laws can inadvertently impede efforts to protect seniors because fi-nancial institutions that report sus-pected fraud can be exposed to law-suits. Our bill, the Senior$afe Act, en-courages financial institutions to train their employees and shields them from lawsuits for making good-faith, reason-able reports of potential fraud to the proper authorities. As Jaye Martin, the head of Maine Legal Services for the Elderly, put it in a letter describing her support for the Collins-McCaskill bill, ‘‘In a landscape that includes family members who often wish to keep exploitation from coming to light because they are perpe-trating the exploitation, the risk of facing potential nuisance or false com-plaints over privacy violations is all too real.’’ This is a barrier that must be re-moved so that financial institutions will act immediately to make a report to the proper authorities upon forming a reasonable belief that exploitation is occurring. These professionals are on the frontlines in the fight against elder financial exploitation and are often the only ones in a position to stop the ex-ploitation before it is too late. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the full letter from Ms. Martin imme-diately following my remarks. Our bipartisan bill is based on the State of Maine’s innovative Senior$afe Program. It has been a collaborative effort by my State’s regulators, finan-cial institutions, and legal organiza-tions to educate bank and credit union employees on how to identify and help stop the exploitation of older Mainers. It was pioneered by Maine’s securities administrator, Judith Shaw, and it has led to a significant increase in reports of suspected senior financial exploi-tation and fraud. The Maine program also serves as a template for model legislation devel-oped for adoption by the North Amer-ican Securities Administrators Admin-istration, which is known as NASAA. The Senior$afe Act and this model State legislation are complementary efforts, and I am very pleased that the association of securities administra-tors has endorsed our bill. As I mentioned, the House Financial Services Committee approved our com-panion bill by a vote of 59 to 0 in June, and it passed the House by a voice vote in July. The Senate bill is sponsored by a quarter of the Members of this body, balanced nearly evenly on both sides of the aisle, and has the support of a wide range of stakeholders looking out for the interests of consumers, including the securities administrators whom I have already mentioned, the Con-ference of State Bank Supervisors, and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. These are all regu-lators who are looking out for our con-sumers. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD  these letters of endorsement imme-diately following my remarks. Under our bill, liability protections are only provided for good-faith, rea-sonable reports of suspected fraud. The legal obstacles facing financial institutions that report this kind of suspected fraud and abuse are not lim-ited to just privacy laws because these institutions have also been threatened with claims such as breach of contract, bad faith, slander, unfair practices, and even harassment. As one compliance officer for one of my community banks put it, without this kind of immunity for good-faith reporting, small commu-nity banks will face the ‘‘freeze effect’’ and won’t make reports that could help to protect our seniors; thus, ‘‘the effec-tiveness of Senior$afe will be under-cut.’’ I just cannot believe we cannot clear this commonsense bill for the Presi-dent’s signature when it would help so many seniors avoid becoming the vic-tims of financial fraud and abuse, when it is supported by groups like Maine Legal Services for the Elderly, when it has won the support of national organi-zations of State securities administra-tors, State insurance commissioners, State bank regulators, when it would make such a difference. Sadly, because of the objections of just one Senator on the other side of the aisle, we are stymied. That means we will have to start all over again next year. Much needed help for our seniors—that could help them avoid being swindled out of what GAO esti-mates is almost $3 billion a year—will have to wait for another day. I just don’t understand it. I have made many good-faith efforts in this regard, but regretfully, because we are at the end of the session, we don’t have the time to go through all of the procedural steps that would be needed to pass this bill, which I am sure, given its broad bipartisan sup-port, would pass overwhelmingly. I hope the Senator in question will re-consider and allow us to send this im-portant bill to the President for his signature. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
LEGAL SERVICES FOR THE ELDERLY , F
REE LEGAL HELP FOR MAINE’S S
ENIORS , December 5, 2016. Re Senior$afe (S. 2216). Senator S
USAN COLLINS , Chair, Senate Special Committee on Aging, Dirksen Senate Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR COLLINS : I want to thank you for inviting me to speak with the Senate Special Committee on Aging about the seri-ous problem of financial exploitation of sen-iors by guardians and others in a position of power. I also want to thank you for your leadership in working to ensure there is training of financial institution employees in reporting elder abuse and an improvement in the timely reporting of financial exploi-tation when it is suspected through passage of the Senior$afe Act. I strongly support this legislation that is based upon work done here in Maine. I served for over two years on the working group that developed Maine’s Senior$afe training program for financial institution managers and employees. It is a voluntary training program. Through that work I came to fully appreciate the very real concerns of the financial industry regarding the con-sequences of violating, or being perceived as violating, the broad range of state and fed-eral privacy laws that apply to their indus-try. I also came to appreciate that absent broad immunity for reporting of suspected fi-nancial exploitation, privacy regulations would continue to be a barrier to good faith reporting of suspected financial exploitation. In a landscape that includes family members who often wish to keep exploitation from coming to light because they are perpe-trating the exploitation, the risk of facing potential nuisance or false complaints over privacy violations is all too real. This is a barrier that must be removed so that financial institution employees will act immediately to make a report to the proper authorities upon forming a reasonable belief that exploitation is occurring. These profes-sionals are on the front lines in the light against elder financial exploitation and are often the only ones in a position to stop ex-ploitation before it is too late. I want to add that tying the grant of im-munity to required training for not just su-pervisors, compliance officers, and legal ad-visors, but to all who come in contact with seniors as a part of their regular duties, will have the direct result of bringing more cases of exploitation to the timely attention of the proper authorities because it will signifi-cantly increase the knowledge and awareness in the industry of the red flags for elder abuse. In Maine, where our training program is entirely voluntary and carries no legal status or benefit, we have already seen what a difference training can make. Senior$afe is a much needed step in the fight against financial exploitation of sen-iors and there is no doubt it will make our nation’s seniors safer. I thank you again for your leadership in this important area. Sincerely, J
AYEL. M ARTIN , Executive Director. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:54 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.092 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6888 December 8, 2016 
NORTH AMERICAN SECURITIES  A
DMINISTRATORS ASSOCIATION , INC., Washington, DC, October 27, 2015. Re the Senior$afe Act of 2015. Senator S
USAN COLLINS , Chairman, Senate Special Committee on Aging, Dirksen Senate Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , Ranking Member, Senate Special Committee on Aging, Dirksen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN COLLINS AND RANKING  M
EMBER MCCASKILL : On behalf of the North American Securities Administrators Asso-ciation (‘‘NASAA’’), I’m writing to express strong support for your work to better pro-tect vulnerable adults from financial exploi-tation through the introduction of the Senior$afe Act of 2015. Your legislation will better protect seniors by increasing the like-lihood that financial exploitation targeting the elderly will be identified by financial services professionals, and by removing bar-riers that might otherwise frustrate the re-porting of such exploitation to state securi-ties regulators and other appropriate govern-mental authorities. Senior financial exploitation is a difficult but critical policy challenge. Many in our el-derly population are vulnerable due to social isolation and distance from family, care-giver, and other support networks. Indeed, evidence suggests that as many as one out of every five citizens over the age of 65 has been victimized by a financial fraud. To be suc-cessful in combating senior financial exploi-tation, state and federal policymakers must come together to weave a new safety net for our elderly, breaking down barriers to iden-tify those who are best positioned to identify red flags early on and to encourage reporting and referrals to appropriate local, county, state, and federal agencies, including law en-forcement. As you know, state securities regulators, working within the framework of NASAA, are in the late-stages of our own concerted effort to bolster protections for elderly in-vestors at risk of exploitation, including through the development of model legisla-tion to be enacted by states to promote re-porting of suspected exploitation. While the approaches contemplated by the recently an-nounced NASAA model legislation and the Senior$afe Act differ in some respects, they are complementary efforts, both undertaken with the shared goal of protecting seniors by increasing the detection and reporting of el-derly financial exploitation. The Senior$afe Act consists of several es-sential features. First, to promote and en-courage reporting of suspected elderly finan-cial exploitation by financial services profes-sionals, who are positioned to identify and report ‘‘red flags’’ of potential exploitation, the bill would incentivize financial services employees to report any suspected exploi-tation by making them immune from any civil or administrative liability arising from such a report, provided that they exercised due care, and that they make these reports in good faith. Second, in order to better as-sure that financial services employees have the knowledge and training they require to identify ‘‘red flags’’ associated with financial exploitation, the bill would require that, as a condition of receiving immunity, financial institutions undertake to train certain per-sonnel regarding the identification and re-porting of senior financial exploitation as soon as practicable, or within one year. Under the bill, employees who would be re-quired to receive such training as a condi-tion of immunity include supervisory per-sonnel; employees who come into contact with a senior citizen as a regular part of their duties; and employees who review or approve the financial documents, records, or transactions of senior citizens as a part of their regular duties. The benefits of the types of reporting that the Senior$afe Act aims to facilitate and en-courage are far-reaching. Elderly Americans stand to benefit directly from such report-ing, because early detection and reporting can minimize their financial losses from ex-ploitation, and because improved protection of their finances ultimately helps preserve their financial independence and their per-sonal autonomy. Financial institutions stand to benefit, as well, through preserva-tion of their reputation, increased commu-nity recognition, increased employee satis-faction, and decreased uninsured losses. In conclusion, state securities regulators congratulate you for introducing the Senior$afe Act of 2015. We share and support the goals of this legislation, and look for-ward to working closely with you as the leg-islation is considered by the Senate. Sincerely, J
UDITH M. S HAW, NASAA President and Maine Securities Administrator. 
NAIC & T HECENTER FOR  I
NSURANCE POLICY AND RESEARCH , September 14, 2016. Re Senior Safe Act. Chairman S
USAN M. C OLLINS , U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging, Dirk-sen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Ranking Member C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging, Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN COLLINS AND RANKING  M
EMBER MCCASKILL : On behalf of the Na-tional Association of Insurance Commis-sioners (NAIC), which represents the chief insurance regulators from the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and five U.S. terri-tories, we write to express our support for the Senior $afe Act and applaud you for your leadership to increase identification and re-porting of suspected senior financial exploi-tation. It is estimated that older adults in our country lose $2.9 billion annually from finan-cial exploitation, and these losses can result in a diminished quality of life for those who fall victim to such exploitation. State insur-ance regulators share your commitment to protecting seniors from financial exploi-tation. State and federal officials entrusted with the responsibility of protecting con-sumers must remain vigilant in their over-sight. That is why a key component of the NAIC’s Retirement Security Initiative is en-suring consumers have clarity and trans-parency into the insurance products they are being offered, that the products are suitable for their needs, and that bad actors do not undermine efforts to address lifetime income and retirement security challenges. We look forward to continuing to work with you and your committee on these important issues. Thank you again for your efforts to com-bat financial exploitation of seniors. Sincerely, J
OHNM. H UFF, NAIC President, Direc-tor, Missouri De-partment of Insur-ance, Financial In-stitutions and Pro-fessional Registra-tion. T
HEODORE K. N ICKEL , NAIC President-Elect, Commissioner, Wis-consin Department of Insurance. JULIE MIXMCPEAK, NAIC Vice President, Commissioner, Ten-nessee Department of Commerce and In-surance. E
RICA. C IOPPA , NAIC Secretary-Treas-urer, Super-intendent, Maine Department of Pro-fessional and Finan-cial Regulation, Bu-reau of Insurance. 
CONFERENCE OF STATE  B
ANKSUPERVISORS , April 29, 2016. Senator S
USAN COLLINS , Chairwoman, Senate Special Committee on Aging, Dirksen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , Ranking Member, Senate Special Committee on Aging, Dirksen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRWOMAN COLLINS AND RANKING  M
EMBER MCCASKILL : On behalf of the Con-ference of State Bank Supervisors (CSBS), I write to express strong support for S. 2216, the Senior$afe Act of 2015. State regulators are committed to combatting financial abuse of elderly residents and believe that S. 2216 recognizes the contribution of states while empowering institutions to reduce financial exploitation of the elderly. State regulators supervise a diverse credit ecosystem, are locally-focused, and have a unique insight on the consequences of abu-sive practices in their communities. State banking regulators supervise approximately 4,850 state-chartered depository institutions, representing over 75% of our nation’s banks. Additionally, most state banking depart-ments regulate a variety of non-bank finan-cial services providers, including mortgage lenders. Since the 1980s, several states have enacted laws to address the abuse, neglect, and finan-cial exploitation of their elderly residents. These state laws provide immunity for finan-cial service professionals to report abuse in good faith, contain penalties for failing to report or making false reports of elder abuse, and combat power of attorney abuse. S. 2216 recognizes the important work of states and creates a consumer protection floor upon which states can build. Financial services professionals are in a position of trust and have a unique window into the financial condition of seniors. Their expertise and vantage point should be lever-aged to forcefully combat the growing epi-demic of elder abuse. The Senior$afe Act incentivizes financial services employees to report any suspected exploitation by making them immune from any civil or administrative liability arising from such a report, provided they exercised due care and reported in good faith. Addi-tionally, to ensure financial services per-sonnel have the requisite expertise, the bill requires, as a condition of receiving immu-nity, that financial institutions train key personnel regarding the identification and reporting of senior financial exploitation as soon as practicable. Early detection is key to combatting elder financial abuse. Not only can it minimize losses, but it may be able to prevent abuses from occurring in the first place. Moreover, this bill can deepen the involvement of fi-nancial institutions in their community, en-hance the training of financial services per-sonnel, and reduce insured losses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:52 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.057 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6889 December 8, 2016 
In sum, CSBS strongly supports S. 2216 and looks forward to working with you as the Senate considers this legislation. Sincerely, J
OHNW. R YAN, President and CEO. 
Ms. COLLINS. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, Sen-ator L
EAHY and I are on the floor for the same issue. I defer to Senator L
EAHY if he prefers to go first. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
EB–5 REGIONAL CENTER PROGRAM  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have been here on the floor before, joined by Senator G
RASSLEY , to share my frus-tration with the EB–5 Regional Center Program. Senator G
RASSLEY and I have been working for years to improve this flawed program that is set to expire to-morrow, but, once again, unfortu-nately, the congressional leadership on the other side has rejected our bipar-tisan reforms and the program will be extended in the continuing resolution. We have done this in a way, as has been pointed out, as a Republican and as a Democrat—two of the most senior Members of this body—who have intro-duced real reforms, but time and again leadership has caved behind closed doors to narrow corporate interests. I believe that is a serious mistake. The EB–5 Program I once cham-pioned seems like a distant memory. The program was designed to bring jobs to underserved rural and distressed urban communities. For some time, it did just that. Communities in Vermont, like Warren and Vergennes, once used EB–5 to create and save jobs during difficult economic times, but that is EB–5 of yesterday. Today EB–5 is mired in fraud and abuse. It suffers from obvious and out-rageous flaws. It is a magnet for fraud, security violations are rampant, and the incentives Congress created to pro-mote investment and create jobs in rural and high unemployment areas— the sole reason I championed the pro-gram—have been rendered obsolete through economic gerrymandering. Only 3 percent of EB–5 investors now invest in rural areas—3 percent. The distinguished senior Senator from Iowa and I understand what a rural area is, and they are not being served. Less than 10 percent invest in true high un-employment areas. Almost every other EB–5 project uses gerrymandering to qualify as distressed, despite many being located in the most affluent areas of the country. The fact that a luxury hotel in Beverly Hills can use gerrymandering to claim it is located in a distressed community is troubling. Beverly Hills is not rural Iowa or rural Vermont, but the fact that this type of abuse now represents almost 90 percent of the entire EB–5 Program is appall-ing. Anyone who maintains that today’s EB–5 Program is about creating jobs is either a lobbyist for the real estate in-dustry or is simply not paying atten-tion. An untold number of the luxury developments that now dominate EB–5 would be pursued even if you did not have EB–5 financing. Financing pro-vided through EB–5 represents a small portion of the capital stack. To claim that EB–5 is responsible for all of these jobs is a farce. EB–5 merely allows de-velopers to replace their conventional financing with dirt cheap capital sub-sidized by the sale of U.S. visas. It is not just exploited by wealthy American developers. Chinese devel-opers, and even the Chinese Govern-ment itself, are now exploiting the EB– 5 subsidy. That is beyond troubling when a foreign government is per-mitted to earn tens of millions of dol-lars through the sale of U.S. visas. The proposal I developed with Sen-ator G
RASSLEY would address this. It would require background checks. It would require third-party oversight of funds. It would create protections for defrauded investors. It would ban for-eign government ownership of an EB–5 company. It would end gerrymandering and provide modest incentives to direct a small portion of investment to under-served areas—just 15 percent to both rural and urban poor communities—but even this was too much for some devel-opers and some lobbyists. Gluttonous, shortsighted corporate greed blocked these critical reforms, greed that was given a voice by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Unfortu-nately, the leadership has allowed a couple of powerful developers to ex-ploit this program’s flaws to derail critical reforms. I find it shameful that the worst abusers of this program have been given, by some in Congress, veto power over its reform. I commend Secretary Johnson and his efforts to improve EB–5. I commend his efforts to change the rules to ad-dress fraud, inadequate investment lev-els, and the abuse of development in-centives. I will work with the chairmen of the Senate and House Judiciary Commit-tees and the next Secretary of Home-land Security to get these reforms im-plemented and enforced, but the EB–5 regional Senate program no longer serves the American people’s interests. It certainly does not serve the rural and urban poor communities as Con-gress intended. Next year, I will be the vice chair-man of the Appropriations Committee, and I will continue to press for broad bipartisan reform. I know Senator G
RASSLEY and Senator F EINSTEIN , the incoming ranking member of the Judi-ciary Committee, will not sit idly by either. If EB–5 cannot be reformed due to the paralysis of leadership, it is very sim-ple. If it cannot be reformed, then let us end EB–5. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I heard my friend and colleague Senator LEAHY express his opposition, and op-position that I share, to the EB–5 Re-gional Center Program. I am here for the same purpose, to express the same opposition to the EB–5 Regional Center Program that was extended without re-forms. One year ago, we made similar statements. I could easily read the same statement I gave at that time and it would be just as relevant today. We are very disappointed that reforms were not included in the continuing resolution, which simply extended this very flawed immigration program. The EB–5 Regional Center Program has been plagued by fraud and abuse. It poses significant national security risks. There are serious allegations that the program may be facilitating terrorist travel, economic espionage, money laundering, and investment fraud. Yet considering all of those things, the continuing resolution be-fore us fails to include much needed re-forms. So after a year, we have yet another missed opportunity. The chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees have agreed on a package of reforms. We have worked in a bipartisan and bi-cameral fashion. We have agreed—all four of us—on every aspect. We insti-tuted compliance measures, we insti-tuted background checks, and we insti-tuted transparency provisions. We made sure rural and distressed urban areas benefited from the program, as Congress already intended and as Sen-ator L
EAHY very clearly laid out the problems. Despite the bipartisan support, not a single one of our recommendations will be implemented. Instead of reforming the program, we will have the status quo. The status quo means the fol-lowing: Investments can be spent before busi-ness plans are approved. Regional Center operators can charge excessive fees of foreign nationals in addition to their required investments. None of the jobs created have to be ‘‘direct’’ or verifiable jobs, but rather they are ‘‘indirect’’ and based on esti-mates, not knowing for sure if there are jobs created or based upon eco-nomic modeling—again, not knowing for sure if jobs are created. Investment funds are not adequately vetted. Gifts and loans from anyone are ac-ceptable sources of funds from foreign nationals. There is no prohibition against for-eign governments owning and oper-ating regional centers or projects. Regional centers can be rented or sold without government oversight or approval. Regional centers don’t have to cer-tify that they comply with securities laws. There is no set of sanctions for any violations—in other words, no re-course for the bad actors. There are no required background checks on anyone associated with these regional centers. The investment level is lower than Congress ever intended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.060 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6890 December 8, 2016 
Gerrymandering continues, and rural and urban distressed areas then lose out. Site visits or even audits are not re-quired. There is no transparency on how funds are spent, who is paid, and what investors are told about the projects they are investing in. The preferential treatment we have seen in the past is enabled without a strict code of conduct rules. Those are just some of the things that are wrong. The four of us on the two commit-tees, in a bicameral and bipartisan way, tried to address awareness and have a process for dialogue leading to reform. My committee held two hear-ings this year. The House held one. Staff met with very interested stake-holders who asked for and we offered more concessions than we did last year. To top it off, we were ready to provide a 6-year reauthorization. This would have provided long-term stability for investors and regional centers. But let’s talk about why this pack-age was not acceptable to some, most notably, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, which was the most rigid in not compromising. Here is a list of issues raised by this leading voice of business in opposition to our package. They want, in effect, one investment level. They don’t want any meaningful discount for rural or urban distressed areas. Don’t forget that this law was passed 20 years ago to help rural and high-unemployment areas. That is the purpose of it. They don’t want visas set aside for areas that Congress selected as tar-geted employment areas for fear that investors in affluent areas would have to wait slightly longer for a visa. They didn’t want to incentivize for-eign investors to fund manufacturing projects that create long-term, sustain-able, and real jobs that this country desperately needs. They wanted to make it harder for rural areas to qualify at a discount in-vestment level, even though it is com-mon knowledge that small and rural communities have a harder time at-tracting capital. They wanted certifications and com-pliance measures to be delegated to the agency. They did not want Congress to dictate transparencies and reporting requirements. We must remember that our job is to legislate, not to delegate. Delegating authority to the executive branch on this program would result in more of the same, because even by the depart-ments in charge, there is very little oversight and monitoring now, even if it might be required by law. But not enough of it is required by law. That is why they get away with all this stuff. The Chamber of Commerce didn’t like a provision saying a foreign na-tional had to be 18 years old to invest and obtain a green card through the program. They would like children as young as 14 to be able to make these major financial decisions and invest up to $1 million—a 14-year-old, to do that. They wanted restrictions on where investor funds came from lifted. Our package limited a foreign national from taking out a questionable loan or taking gifts from unknown sources. One way to find out what is wrong is to follow the money. We wanted to be sure that those investing were doing so because they obtained funds lawfully. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce wanted no such restrictions. They wanted foreign governments and even sovereign wealth funds to own EB–5 projects. They wanted to delay rules saying foreign governments could not own or administer regional centers by requiring bureaucratic rulemaking. Despite the changes we made this year on this very strict provision, they con-tinued to want to water it down in every negotiating session we had. They didn’t want regional centers to have to consult with local officials about EB–5 projects to ensure that eco-nomic development efforts were coordi-nated. They wanted to do away with a re-quirement that a foreign investor would have to create at least one direct job before obtaining a green card. Now, here we have a situation where a pro-gram was instituted 25 years ago to create jobs—particularly in rural America and high unemployment areas—and they don’t even want the investors to show that they are going to create at least one job right now. Then they used economic modeling to show indirect jobs. Neither the ex-istence of those jobs nor the location of those jobs can truly be verified. When you have the Federal Government set-ting up a program like this that is sup-posed to create jobs in rural areas and high unemployment areas, wouldn’t you think there ought to be a way of showing that those jobs are actually created? They raise new concerns about provi-sions that have been discussed way back since last June, such as requiring regional centers to pay a fee to an en-forcement and monitoring fund. They wanted a 3-day notification of a site visit by the agency to determine if the regional center truly exists. Sure, tell the inspectors you are coming so you can get everything in order before the inspectors get there. They fought efforts to require trans-parency of how investor funds were used. Now, this is a major problem of the existing program. Nearly every story of fraud relates to how regional center operators use EB–5 funds for their own personal gain and luxury. This program is meant to create jobs, not to help individuals in charge of the program have personal gain and, more importantly, even the luxury that might go with that. But the kicker in all of this is that these business interests insist on more visas and to make those visas even cheaper. They want Congress to in-crease immigration numbers through controversial recapture mechanisms or by exempting certain people from the annual cap. The pro-EB–5 groups want more visas for an already faulty pro-gram, which makes more money and puts more money in their pockets. On top of that, they asked us to make the visas cheaper than it is even under current law. I, of course, refused to do that. I refuse to go below the $1 million level that has been in law since 1990. The demand for visas is there. There is no justification to further cheapen this program and the green cards that come with that program. We will have 5 months until we are faced with another reauthorization be-cause that is how far this continuing resolution goes. In those 5 months, I expect that proposed rules changing the investment level and stopping ger-rymandering will be published by the end of the year by the Obama adminis-tration, and I will support those pro-posed rules. I will be asking the new Trump administration to keep those new regulations and build off them. In regard to the new administration coming in, they took a very strong po-sition on various immigration issues. In taking that position, I would expect them to consider very closely the fraud and misuse of the EB–5 Program. When this administration sees things wrong with it and they correct those things that are wrong with it through regula-tion, those are regulations that should be backed up very solidly by the new administration coming in. Next year, we will have to start over again. So as we heard Senator L
EAHY  speak about this—and we know his feelings and mine are very similar; I have already referred to the House Ju-diciary Committee—we will continue to work in a bipartisan and bicameral way to ensure this program. Now, I want to speak about the new ranking member, Senator F
EINSTEIN . I intend to continue this work as closely with her as I did with Ranking Member L
EAHY , and Ranking Member L EAHY  will still be involved in this process. I want to point out that she is not a fan of this program at all, and she has been very vocal about closing this program down because of all the fault we find with it, whether it is fraud, whether it is misuse of the program, whether it is possible terrorist activity taking ad-vantage of it, or whatever it is for na-tional security reasons—all of those. Some of these have been pointed out by law enforcement agencies at the Fed-eral level. So I want everybody to know that change is coming. I have always want-ed to reform the program, but I am not sure that the industry will ever come around. The leadership of this body and the other body could help by ending this program in a continuing resolu-tion. Let it sunset, and let all these people come to the table with a more compromising point of view to correct everything that is wrong here. But the industry loves the status quo and, of course, they love the billions of dollars 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.097 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6891 December 8, 2016 
that pour into affluent areas. Con-sequently, the money is not directed where it was intended to in 1990, when this legislation was passed, which was to rural areas and high unemployment areas. I am not sure, with the attitude of the industry, that reforms are possible. So just leaning on Senator F
EINSTEIN a little bit and considering her point of view, it may be time to do away with the program completely. I said that same thing a year ago, and I repeat: Maybe we should spend our time, our resources, and our efforts in other programs that benefit the American people as opposed to bene-fiting the well-healed and the well-con-nected. Maybe it is time this program goes away. I yield the floor and thank Senator L
EAHY for his speaking on it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
REMEMBERING JOHN GLENN  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, it is my sad duty to announce the passing of John Glenn. John Glenn was one of the original seven astronauts of this country. All of them were characterized as having the right stuff, and if you knew any of them, that was certainly true. John Glenn was not only a pio-neering astronaut and a great Senator, he was a first-class gentleman as well as a devoted husband and father. He leaves behind Annie, his beloved, who always stood with him as he ven-tured into the unknown cosmos, and it was unknown because John was the first to go into orbit as an American. He paved the way for all the rest of us. At his passing, America is in the planning and the developing of the rockets that will take us, a human spe-cies, all the way to Mars. John Glenn was the pioneer. He was the one who paved the way. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I was a little bit delayed getting to the floor this afternoon because I was in tears, literally, when I heard the news about John. I think of my last long conversa-tion with him just a few weeks ago. I will speak more on the floor about him later. I came to the Senate with John Glenn. I enjoyed traveling with him, with the anonymity it gave me when people said: there is Colonel Glenn. It was not Senator Glenn, it was Colonel Glenn, even after having been sworn in. We traveled, he and Annie, Marcelle and I, all over the world, but the time I remember the most was the weekend we spent at our old farmhouse in Vermont because they wanted to see the foliage. We used a seaplane and went flying around, landing in little ponds; taking off, then landing in another one. We went to a trappers convention where everybody was saying, ‘‘It is Colonel Glenn and some bald guy with him,’’ and that was me, of course. We went there and then flew back to Montpelier where Marcelle and Annie had been traveling around. John landed the plane in a stiff crosswind. Of course, the pontoons did not help. He had to bring it in sideways. I did not worry. It was John Glenn. Then he turned to me with a big wink and said: I have never been so frightened flying anything in my life. I do not think John ever was frightened at anything, but my heart did stop. I will speak more about him on the floor, and I appreciate my friend from Iowa yielding so I could speak. John was one of the best people I ever served with. When I speak of what it was like coming here as a brand new Senator, every time I am asked about that, I talk about the fact that I came here and was sworn in with John Glenn. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, it is my understanding that I was going to go next. But my distinguished col-league from West Virginia has impor-tant visitors—miners, who help fuel our country. So I ask unanimous con-sent that after he is recognized, I be recognized immediately thereafter. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from West Virginia. 
MINERS PROTECTION ACT  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, let me say to my dear friend from New Jersey, I appreciate his support so much. He has been right with me from day one, basically for the working men and women of this country but, most im-portantly, for the miners who have given us the country we have had today. I have been doing this for quite some time now. It is nothing new. This is not new to anybody. This has not been sprung on somebody at the last minute, what we are fighting for and what we are trying to do. As of October, we had over 16,000 of our retired miners and a lot of elderly women—widows whose husbands have passed away—who were notified they would be losing their health care bene-fits December 31 of this year. We have been working for a permanent fix called the Miners Protection Act, and if that bill were brought to the floor today, it would pass. We have all of the Democratic caucus—all 46 of us—and we have at least 15 who have com-mitted to voting for it from our Repub-lican colleagues, but that is not to be. That is not going to happen. We have been working everything we can. We have gone through regular order. That means it has been to the Finance Committee. It has gone through and been debated and vetted, and it came out of there with an 18-to- 8 vote—very strong in a bipartisan way. Now what do we do? We are not going to get a vote on the floor. We thought, well, let’s attach it. The Cures Act came over, and it is a health care act. It was germane to that bill, and it should fit in perfectly. They said, no, we can’t put it in there. The only thing we have left is what we are doing now, a CR. This is some-thing I have never done. I have been here 6 years and have never used this procedure to say: Wait a minute. If we don’t stand for the people who have fought, worked, and died for us and ba-sically given us the country we have— we have won two wars with the domes-tic energy that has been mined right here in America, an awful lot of it in West Virginia, I might add. We have the strongest country in the world. We are a superpower. That would never have happened. We would never have the military might we have today. We would never have the middle class we have. We just wouldn’t have the qual-ity of life we have in America if had not been for the domestic energy our miners have given us. What we are asking for and all they are saying is this is a promise that was made in 1946 that President Truman said: Listen, we are going to commit to you that every ton of coal mined from this day forward and the coal compa-nies you work for, we are putting money aside to make sure you have lifetime benefits for health care and for your pension. These are not big, elaborate pension plans. They are very small. They are subsidies, if you will. The health care has been so very important to many people. This has been going on for quite some time, and we have been involved many times. Yes, the Federal Govern-ment has been involved to make sure the companies put that money aside so they would have their health care and their pensions. Then, lo and behold, Congress basi-cally passed bankruptcy laws that let people walk away from their obliga-tions through bankruptcy. Now the promises were made and the promises that were kept by Congress were done away with through the bankruptcy laws that were so lenient that people could declare bankruptcy and say: Lis-ten, I am sorry, but we are just not going to fulfill that commitment. That legacy goes away. That is somebody else’s problem. To fast forward to where we are today and why we have the problems we have, let me bring you up to speed with what we are dealing with. We have asked for the Miners Protection Act, which was the permanent health care fix and a permanent pension fix. These are for the retirees. We have an-other group of retirees here who have gone through bankruptcy and there was money set aside, about $47 million. That was supposed to run out in June. We were going to bring all of them to-gether so we took care of everybody. Now, the bill they put in front of us that the House of Representatives has given us is horrendous and it is inhu-mane. They gave us a bill and said: Take it or leave it on the CR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.098 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6892 December 8, 2016 
Nobody wants to close this great in-stitution, this government down—not a person. You have to stand for some-thing or surely to God, you will stand for nothing. That is where we find our-selves. They gave us a 4-month exten-sion. If your aunt or your mother were get-ting a notice in October that she would lose it in December—they want us now to say: OK. We are going to be so sym-pathetic, we will give you 4 more months, through April. That same per-son is now going to get another notifi-cation in January that she is going to lose it in April. On top of that, she will not even be able to meet her deductibles. So there is no insurance. There is nothing. You remember the money I said they set aside, $47 million, for the miners who basically have gone through a bankruptcy and lost their jobs and re-tired, they were going through June. Those same miners now are going to lose May and June—2 months. They are going to lose 2 months. There is going to be a $2 million surplus that goes back to Treasury. I had one woman call me. She said: Senator M
ANCHIN , I don’t know, but back home where I come from, they call that thievery. She is absolutely correct. This is why we are so com-mitted, and we are so dug in on this issue. It is a fairness. It is the right thing to do. All we have asked for is to take care of our miners’ health care. We will come back and fight another day for pensions, but give us the health care that has been promised and com-mitted time after time again. I have never seen anything this cal-lous in my life, that we weren’t willing to fulfill a promise we have made and the Federal Government put its stamp of approval on. For those who are saying it is incon-venient and the procedures I have been using and my other colleagues with me—I have had everybody, and I appre-ciate them so much. And for them to say: Hey, you have held up a lot of goods bills—yes, a lot of bills that I have worked on for a year or more I have held up, but if we can’t pass for-ward on this and walk out of here basi-cally knowing we did the right thing, what is our purpose for being here? Why do we come? We all talk. I have seen everybody’s elections. All of our election advertise-ments, whether they be Democratic or Republican, are we are all for the mid-dle class. We are all for the working class. We are going to make sure the working men and women really get a fair shake. They have been screwed and left behind so let’s do it. OK. We are all for that. All of our advertising, our campaigns say that. We are committed to it. The only thing I am saying is now fulfill it. It is either put up or shut up. That is all. You have already told them, you have asked them to vote for you be-cause of this reason. Now you have a chance to show them that is why you are here. I came here to do exactly what I told you I was going to do—fight for you, make sure you are treated fairly. We have pay-fors. This is not coming out of taxpayers’ money. This is AML—abandoned mine lands. The abandoned mine land money comes from every ton of coal. There is a cer-tain percentage of money from that coal that goes into a fund and that is put aside to do reclamation. Now, I have some of my Western States that don’t have quite the rec-lamation we have had. In the Eastern part of the country, in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Southwestern Vir-ginia, there is an awful lot of work to be done, and we do that work. We have done this for quite some time. We are saying: Listen, we are not denying you getting your money, but you shouldn’t get first dibs on it and then hinder us from taking care of the responsibility we have to the miners who have been giving you the opportunity to live in this great country. That is really what it comes down to. I have been asking all of my col-leagues—this is not a fight that is going to be damaging to anybody. This is the only time-sensitive issue we have before us. There is nothing else we have before us. All of the bills are on hold right now. Not one bill has time sensitivity. We can come back and do it again. We have no problems doing them over and over. We have been here a long time. This is the only one where the miners lose their health care—16,500 lose it De-cember 31. You show me anything else we have in here where someone is going to be that harmed at a time specific when we walk out of here. That is what this is about. To tell me they are going to give us 4 months and they are doing us a favor for 4 months, that is inhu-mane. How they did it and paid for it is a crime. It is awful. That is why we are standing here fighting, and that is why I am going to continue to fight. I think we have a purpose in life. If you have a purpose in life in public service, then serve the public. Don’t come here to serve yourself. That is all people have asked for—do your job. You wonder why we have a low rating from the public, why they think so lit-tle of Congress. This is common sense. It is so easy for us to do. It is so easy for us to do. It is so easy for us to be able to say: Fine, we are going to fulfill this, and then we have a lot of other things we want to take care of. That is all we have asked for, and that is all we are asking for now. We can do the right thing between today and tomorrow. We truly can. Someone said the House has left. I am so sorry they were inconvenienced and had to leave so early to go home for Christmas. You go home and tell the people I live with, the people I was raised with, the people who have taken care of me: I am so sorry. We had to go home for Christmas. I am sorry you are losing your health care December 31. I didn’t mean for that to happen, but you know I had to get home for Christmas. That doesn’t play well where I come from. That is not a commitment, and that is not public service. I am so sorry. I hope I have haven’t inconven-ienced anybody. I hope I haven’t made you feel uncomfortable. I hope I haven’t held up a bill that you have been working on because I have held up all my bills. No one was left unscathed in this. All we are saying is, for Pete’s sake, do the right thing; stand up for this. Stand up for the people who gave us what we have today. History said if you don’t know where you come from, you sure don’t know where you are going. If we are not going to stand up for the people who have given us the life we have, I am not sure where we are going. I know one thing. I go home and look them in the eye. I can say I am doing everything I can, and I am going to fight for you. I am willing to take whatever it takes, whatever medicine it takes here, how-ever upset people get with me, however uncomfortable they may be. I am ask-ing: Please, take care of the miners’ health care. That is all right now. We will talk about the rest later. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I came to the floor for a different pur-pose, but I do want to say to my friend and colleague from West Virginia and to those he is fighting for, Senator M
ANCHIN has been at this in the most constructive way possible, trying to prick the conscience of the Senate to do what is fundamentally right, to help those who help make the country great, help them at their greatest time of need—to simply be able to go to sleep at night not worried that you are one illness or one black lung away from dying. He has ceded time and time again, asking for regular order. I was very pleased to support Senator M
ANCHIN as a member of the Senate Finance Com-mittee, where there was a markup and there was a strong vote, and members who were running for reelection got to go home and say we passed it in the Fi-nance Committee. We will take care of it when we come back after the elec-tions. Well, here we are, and now it is time to put your votes and insist on having the miners’ health care taken care of. If I were a miner, I couldn’t have any-body better fighting for me. I want those you have been fighting for to know you have been doing it for some time and tenaciously and graciously as well but, nonetheless, with conviction. I strongly support my colleague. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. President, I rise, as I have many times before, to discuss the urgent need for the United States to have an immigration system that reflects our values as a nation of immigrants. Today, in my first floor speech on the subject since Donald Trump won the election, I am deeply troubled by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.101 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6893 December 8, 2016 
fear and panic I hear from our immi-grant community, from our young im-migrants known as DREAMers and their families to the workers in the field, to those in our restaurant kitch-ens and our homes. Their panic is justified and palpable because of the inflammatory remarks made by the President-elect on the campaign trail about immigrants. His campaign promises made it seem as if no immigrant was safe from deporta-tion, even otherwise law-abiding, de-cent people who came to this country searching for the American dream for themselves and their children. The threat of deportation was heard loud and clear by over 744,000 young, law- abiding immigrants who are American in every way, except for a piece of paper. These DREAMers were brought to the United States, many as infants or toddlers, for reasons beyond their con-trol or their knowledge. They grew up in America going to school. The only flag they have ever pledged allegiance to is that of the United States. The only national anthem they know is the ‘‘Star-Spangled Banner.’’ The effects of deporting them or their families would be incomprehen-sible and destructive. The Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, or DACA, has been a tremendously suc-cessful program. It is something I fought for, to allow young men and women to come out of the shadows and step forward to register themselves with our government and make them right. DACA has allowed nearly 800,000 undocumented youth who came to the United States as children to obtain temporary protection from deportation and a 2-year work permit that is re-newable. First, they would have to reg-ister with the government by handing over their personal information and the information of their immediate families, pass a criminal background check, and pay nearly $500 in fees, and we said the information would be con-fidential and not used against them. Now their fears of deportation are jus-tified. The DACA Program now has the po-tential of becoming a registry of mil-lions of undocumented immigrants who are now exposed for seeking a better life for themselves and their kids. Let’s think about this for a second. These kids came into this country without any notion that they were doing any-thing wrong. Many of them didn’t even know they were undocumented until they tried, for example, to go to college or get a loan for school. We asked them to come out of the shadows, volun-tarily turn over their information and the information of their immediate rel-atives in exchange for protection from deportation, a work permit, and a chance for a better life. As early as next year, once again through no fault of their own, these young immigrants and their families are at risk of losing it all. The human cost is too high to pay. It is a cost measured in the thou-sands of parents separated from their children who are deported, husbands and wives separated from their spouses, millions of families who are torn apart because of our broken immigration sys-tem. Among his many campaign promises, President-Elect Trump pledged to end the DACA Program. This means that DACA recipients, a group of individuals the U.S. Government has deemed as otherwise model citizens who pose ab-solutely no threat to our national secu-rity, would be at risk for deportation and could no longer continue working legally. We are here talking about children who have grown up in the United States and attended our schools. Many of them were the valedictorians, salu-tatorians, and in the top tier of their graduating classes. These are children who serve our communities and were given a chance to be fully integrated into the only country many of them have ever known. I have listened many times to my colleagues talk about the core of fam-ily values, and the essence of that core is a family unit. I have heard that you don’t subscribe the sins of the parents to the children, and yet those who are advocates of ending DACA would undo all of those things they have spoken to. If the DACA Program is dismantled, young immigrants will be stripped of the jobs, education, and forced back into the shadows of our society. In fact, the Center for American Progress finds that ending DACA would cost the United States $433 billion in gross do-mestic product over the next 10 years. Having said that, I am hoping that when President-Elect Trump said on election night, ‘‘Now is the time for America to bind the wounds of divi-sion’’—he later said in an interview that millions of undocumented immi-grants are ‘‘terrific people.’’ I hope the next administration thinks long and hard about binding the wounds of divi-sion. A good start would be a clear and unequivocal message that there will be no mass deportation task force and that the DACA Program will continue, something the President-elect already alluded to this week in an interview with Time magazine, saying that ‘‘we’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud . . . [DREAMers] got brought here at a very young age, they’ve worked here, they’ve gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they’re in never-never land because they don’t know what’s going to happen.’’ It appears to me that hopefully we are getting to a place where there is universal respect and admiration for DREAMers. This acknowledgement of-fers a glimmer of hope for a productive way forward, and I hope that is the case. Let me close by saying the following: I do not intend to sacrifice one set of immigrants for another. Let me be clear about our Nation’s immigrants. It is not just enough to say DREAMers are terrific people. Protecting a tem-porary program is not enough, al-though the panic and sense of urgency to protect these young immigrants is justified. It is not enough because the reality is that DREAMers do not exist in a vacuum. They have parents. They have loved ones who have instilled val-ues and work ethic and supported them to pursue an education and reach their full potential to benefit our country. Their parents are also terrific people and so are so many other hard-working immigrants who have lived in this country for years, have obeyed the law, are not criminals, and have integrated themselves into the tapestry of Amer-ican society. We know them. You have to be blind not to know them. They are sitting next to us in the pew in church. They attend parent-teacher con-ferences. They are our neighbors. They pick our crops. There isn’t a person in this country who isn’t beholden to an immigrant worker. They watch our kids. They open businesses. They per-form back-breaking work—work we can’t get many Americans to do—to keep the gears of this economy turn-ing. Immigration is not an easy problem to fix, but I think we came close in 2013, when the Senate came together to pass comprehensive immigration re-form. I was part of that bipartisan Gang of 8 that produced a bill which passed with strong bipartisan support of nearly three-quarters of this Cham-ber. That bill is a strong model for re-forming our immigration system as we look ahead to the Congress. The bill, S. 744, addressed the key pil-lars necessary for a functioning, legal immigration system. It addressed the 11 million undocumented so we can know who is here to pursue the Amer-ican dream versus who is here to do it harm. It reformed the legal immigra-tion for high- and low-skilled workers. It had strong family reunification pro-visions, it put DREAMers on a path to citizenship, and it included tough bor-der security measures. The bill, S. 744, wasn’t perfect, but it was a significant milestone in our Nation’s efforts to truly reform our immigration system. We must remember what our econ-omy and America needs. Our Nation will be stronger when there is an ac-countable path to citizenship for the undocumented living in the United States, our borders are secure, employ-ers are held accountable for whom they hire, jobs are filled with qualified and documented workers who contribute to the economy, families are kept to-gether, and we don’t have downward pressures by an underground economy against the wages of all other Ameri-cans. With an immigration system as flawed as ours and with so many things still to fix, DACA has been a beacon of hope—one shining light leading the way toward fairness, justice, and a bet-ter life for so many young immigrants looking for a chance to succeed in America as Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.103 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6894 December 8, 2016 
Yes, abolishing it would be a tragic mistake for an administration seeking to unite what they helped divide. Let me be clear, as I have said all along, we cannot lose sight of our ultimate objec-tive. The only real solution in the end is a permanent legislative solution that doesn’t pick winners and losers amongst the most vulnerable in our so-ciety. That is why I am pleased to once again see a bipartisan coalition of voices begin to resurface so we can work toward a bipartisan moment to fix our immigration system once and for all because beyond stopping those who wish to turn the clock back on any progress we have made, we still need to implement a functioning legal immi-gration system for all. We need to make sure we don’t take a giant step back and focus our Nation’s resources against the most vulnerable, talented, and hardworking. I have always been and remain com-mitted to solving this problem in a fair, comprehensive manner that re-forms our immigration system, and I will continue to work with a bipartisan coalition of voices toward this goal. Our DREAMers, their parents, immi-grant families, and our Nation deserve nothing less. Irrelevant of who occu-pies the White House, I will never stop fighting for those who, like my mother, came to this country in the last cen-tury to give their families a chance to contribute to America’s exceptional-ism in this century. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
INDIANA ’S BICENTENNIAL CELEBRATION  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I am pleased to speak with Senator D
ON-
NELLY about a momentous occasion for our beloved home State of Indiana—a celebration of our bicentennial. On December 11, 1816, President James Madison signed the Indiana Ena-bling Act, which allowed Indiana to be the 19th State to join the Union and re-quire that Indiana’s leaders draft the State constitution. In the two cen-turies since Indiana’s admission to the Union, Indiana residents—we call our-selves Hoosiers—have accomplished ex-traordinary things. In 1840, William Henry Harrison be-came the first Hoosier to be elected President. In 1888, Benjamin Harrison, his grandson and fellow Hoosier, fol-lowed in his footsteps to the Presi-dency. Five Hoosiers have served our Nation as Vice President: Schuyler Colfax, Thomas Hendricks, Charles Fairbanks, Thomas Marshall, and Dan Quayle. Just a few short weeks ago, Americans elected Gov. Mike Pence to serve as our next Vice President. He will become the sixth Hoosier to serve in this role. We have a well-deserved reputation as the mother of Vice Presi-dents. As many of you know, when Dan Quayle was elected, George Herbert Walker Bush’s Vice President, I was appointed to fill his vacant Senate seat. Vice President Quayle has been a close friend and source of advice to me throughout the years. When President Trump named Mike Pence to be his running mate, I knew Hoosiers would continue to have a strong impact on our country, pro-viding guidance and leadership in one of the top elected offices in our land. I am honored to call both Dan Quayle and Mike Pence close friends and com-memorate the great work they have done for the State of Indiana and have and will do for our Nation. We have had excellent Governors, Representatives, Senators, and others who have contributed significantly to this body, the Congress, and the Na-tion, and we are proud of that as Hoo-siers. I keep using the name Hoosiers be-cause we were misnamed Indianians, which is hard to pronounce and awful hard to spell. We are Hoosiers. I could go into a long discourse on what Hoo-siers means, but I will not take the Senate time to do that right now. Please contact my office and we will send you a full description of what a Hoosier is, but you will see two of them on the floor here today. Loyal public servants is not the only contribution our great State has made to the Nation. During the Civil War, over 200,000 Hoosiers answered the call to serve; although only one Civil War battle was fought in Indiana, more than 41,000 Hoosiers lost their lives and an estimated 50,000 were wounded. During World War II, nearly 10 per-cent of Indiana’s population joined our Nation’s Armed Forces. Those who stayed behind contributed greatly to the manufacturing boom required for the war effort, manufacturing nearly 5 percent of all weapons and equipment required for the war. Our State has continued that call to service to the military. We have for years and decades been one of the lead-ing States providing per capita support to our Armed Forces. In addition to these accomplished Hoosiers whom I have named, the places and events that make Indiana unique are numerous. I just want to mention a few, and I apologize to those that we don’t have to time to put in place here. But as Senator D
ONNELLY  and I know, a few months ago we com-memorated the 100th running of the In-dianapolis 500 on this Senate floor. Known as the ‘‘World’s Greatest Spectacle in Racing,’’ the Indianapolis 500 is a great source of pride to Hoo-siers throughout the State and throughout the country. Every year our race is an epic event as drivers jockey for position at speeds regularly surpassing 200 miles per hour. In addi-tion to the ‘‘Indy 500,’’ the automotive industry has deep ties to Indiana. In 1896, the Haynes-Apperson Com-pany opened its doors in Kokomo, IN, producing one of the very first auto-mobile manufacturing sites in the en-tire United States. It operated until 1905. Its 1904 model seated two pas-sengers and sold for $1,550 at the time. Now, you don’t have to go too much farther than Kokomo, IN, to arrive in the city of Auburn, where the Cord Dusenberg and other popular cars were manufactured. Every year, the Cord Dusenberg festival, parade, and mu-seum are open to people from around the world to see a magnificent parade of cars in that era in absolutely perfect shape. If you find yourself in Southern Indi-ana, take a minute to stop by the Lin-coln Boyhood National Memorial in Spencer County. Abraham Lincoln may have been born in Kentucky, and he may have ended up in Illinois, but he was raised and shaped in Indiana. In addition to our landmarks, some of America’s most famous buildings have been constructed using Indiana limestone. The Pentagon, the National Cathedral, the Lincoln Memorial, the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Empire State Building in New York, and many more, all feature Indiana limestone quarried in south-central In-diana. Our State has been blessed with a cli-mate of soil fit for all kinds of agricul-tural activities. God has blessed us with a climate and a soil fit for all kinds of agriculture activities. While corn and soybeans are our top commodities by value, Indiana pro-duced $11.2 billion worth of agricul-tural products in 2012. This includes 41.5 million broiler chickens, 10.5 mil-lion hogs and pigs, numerous dairy products, and 37,000 acres of vegetables harvested for sale. The next time you head to the movie theatre, think of In-diana. Indiana produces more than 20 percent of the United States’ popcorn supply, and a great deal is exported around the world. We are also a world leader in pharma-ceuticals, biologics, and medical de-vices. Our medical device industry is the fifth largest in the United States, generating more than $10 billion in an-nual economic output. Hoosiers are truly working hard to provide healthier, longer, and more rewarding lives for all Americans. Not only does Indiana seek to enrich the quality of life of Hoosiers through its contribu-tions to the medical manufacturing field, we also do this through our insti-tutions of higher education. Hoosiers don’t need to travel far to receive a high-quality education. We boast a rich variety of world-class col-leges and universities, such as Indiana University, Perdue University, Butler University, Notre Dame University, In-diana State, Rose-Hulman, Trine, Grace, Manchester, Earlham, Evans-ville, Indiana Wesleyan, Valparaiso, and on and on we could go. I would be remiss if I were to neglect mentioning my own graduate school, the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. This quality of education bleeds into the quality of coaching found in Hoo-sier schools. There is nothing quite like being in the stands during a Hoo-sier high school basketball game. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.104 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6895 December 8, 2016 
coaching quality that we have has pro-duced all-stars in every facet of basket-ball, whether it be professional, col-lege, high school, or elementary. There is nothing quite like being in the stands during Taylor University’s Silent Night, where the fans pack the basketball stadium and stay com-pletely silent until the home team scores their tenth point. Then the noise really starts and the game fin-ishes with the fans signing singing ‘‘Si-lent Night.’’ Through the years, so many Hoosier teams have proved to be formidable foes on the court and the field. We are the home of the Colts, the Pacers, the birthplace of Larry Bird, James Dean, and David Letterman. On and on I could go with that. But in addition to recognizing all that Indiana has contributed to our Na-tion over the past 200 years, I would like to add that one of our greatest contributions has been and will be al-ways Hoosier hospitality. While at times our country is a more divided and complicated place, Hoosiers con-tinue to demonstrate that kindness and a good meal can make the world a little better. It is an honor for me to commemo-rate this bicentennial for this great State of Indiana. I am honored to be able to do this with my fellow Senator J
OEDONNELLY from Indiana. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleague, D
ANCOATS , our senior Senator from Indiana, who is wrapping up his time in the Senate as of the next few weeks. What an ex-traordinary service he has provided to our Nation, to our State. We are in-credibly grateful to Senator C
OATS for what he has done. I also want to cele-brate Indiana’s bicentennial. I want to reflect on the past two centuries of our State’s rich history and the important contributions Hoosiers have made to our State and our Nation. For nearly a year now, in every corner and in every community of Indiana, from the big-gest to the tiniest, we have been com-memorating the storied history of our beloved Hoosier State. Together, we will culminate the cele-bration on Sunday, December 11, when Indiana turns 200 years old. Admitted to the Union in 1816, Indiana has devel-oped and grown into the crossroads of America, a welcoming place, where businesses and families can grow and succeed. As Hoosiers, we take pride in putting in an honest day’s work. We don’t want a free lunch. We don’t want a handout. We want the chance to work, to work a good job, to educate our children in good schools, to ensure that our kids have the tools to make a better life than we did—the American dream, the Hoosier dream—and, eventually, after a life of hard work, to retire with dig-nity, to have a chance to go fishing in one of our lakes, to have a chance to be with our family in one of our extraor-dinary parks or a national forest. Indiana has a proud tradition of serv-ing our country, and working to pro-tect our Nation’s security. Nearly 500,000 veterans and many servicemem-bers and military families call Indiana home. Our National Guard dates back to 1801, when we were still a Territory. Today, our National Guard is the fourth largest in all of the United States. Hoosiers have proudly served our country in all of our wars, in all of our efforts to protect our Nation over the years. It is also home to Naval Support Ac-tivity Crane, the third largest naval in-stallation in the world. I think we can take particular pride that in the mid-dle of the country, about as far away as you can get from the Atlantic and the Pacific, we have the third largest naval base in the entire world. Our State is also home to Grissom Air Reserve Base in Kokomo, where the 434th Air Refuel-ing Wing is based. The 122nd Fighter Wing is in Fort Wayne, and A–10s are training daily. As well, there is Camp Atterbury and the 181st Intelligence Wing based at Terre Haute Air Na-tional Guard Base. Throughout our 200-year history, In-diana’s success has helped drive Amer-ica’s success. The backbone of our State has been built from our manufac-turing and steel plants, our small busi-nesses, and our farms. Hoosier farmers and those involved in agriculture know what it means to work hard and do their part. Our corn and soybean farm-ers, our pork producers, and our beef producers have helped to feed not just Indiana but our country and the world. Our dairy farmers have produced in-credible products. On a hot summer night, some of the best ice cream in the world comes right between the Illinois border and the Ohio border, and the Michigan border and the Ohio River— that beautiful place we call home. In the cities and towns across Indiana, small businesses are the cornerstones of our communities. Indiana is home to nearly half a mil-lion small businesses, employing al-most 1.2 million Hoosier workers. So many of those small businesses are in agriculture as well. We don’t want to leave anybody out. There are the ag producers—so many—and the turkey producers, the chicken producers. If it grows, we make it. We feed the world every single day. Throughout our State’s history, steel has been not just a major employer but also a source of pride for Hoosier com-munities. Hoosier steel serves as the foundation of buildings and bridges all across the United States. What Indiana makes the United States and the world takes. Still today, Indiana is the larg-est producer of steel in the United States. Speaking of construction, the lime-stone from Southern Indiana has trav-eled all over the world, from places like Yankee Stadium to buildings in other parts of the world, to buildings all across the Nation’s Capital. Some of the most beautiful buildings you have ever seen are built from Indiana lime-stone and from Indiana products. Manufacturing is central to our econ-omy. It contributes to roughly 30 per-cent of Indiana’s economic activity and economic growth. Manufacturing plays a larger role in our economy than it does in any other State in the Nation, and we are really, really good at it. Manufacturing employs 17 percent of our workforce, some of the most skilled workers in the world. Hoosier manufacturers and their workers build some of the most ad-vanced, highest quality products in the world, from engines to RVs. Just down the road from my home in Granger, is Elkhart, the RV capital of the world. I know that the Presiding Officer has traveled a few miles in RVs as well, from one end of our State to the other. More than 80 percent of glob-al RV production is based in Elkhart, and throughout the northeast region and the north-central region. So if you see an RV on the road, there is a really good chance it was built by hard-work-ing Hoosier manufacturers. There is a real good chance your family is going to have an awesome time. We boast some of the best edu-cational institutions in the world—as my colleague Senator COATS mentioned as he listed them off—attracting stu-dents, professors, and researchers from across Indiana, across our country, and across the world. Our colleges and uni-versities provide an exceptional edu-cation to our students and lead the way in innovation and cutting-edge re-search. Not surprisingly, many know our State because of our sports heritage, particularly in auto racing and basket-ball. This year marked the 100th run-ning of the ‘‘Greatest Spectacle in Rac-ing,’’ the Indy 500. It is a special event unlike any other. We don’t just showcase the best Indi-ana has to offer on the racetrack but also on the hardwood. Basketball has been part of Indiana’s identity since the late 1890s. It remains king today. Our State has achieved great basket-ball success, including with history- making teams like the Flying Tigers of Crispus Attucks High School, who, in 1955, became the first all African-Amer-ican high school athletic team in the country to win a State basketball title. Few things have defined our State’s culture and fabric as much as basket-ball. As Senator C
OATS , the Presiding Offi-cer, knows, John Wooden may be con-sidered the father of all coaches in this country. He came from Indiana. As we reflect on our 200 years, we have so much to be proud of. As we look to the next 200 years, we know that through hard work and by working together, we can make our State’s future even more prosperous because that is the Amer-ican promise—that we work nonstop, that we work together, so that when we look at our kids and our grandkids, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.106 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6896 December 8, 2016 
we can tell them and tell all of you: We are going to build a stronger, better In-diana. We are going to build a stronger, better America because that is the promise that we pass on from one gen-eration to the other. To my friend, the senior Senator from Indiana, I wish to tell you what a pleasure it has been to serve with you, what a good friend you have been, and how lucky I am to have been your jun-ior partner in this endeavor where we try to stand for America every single day. I yield back the remainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, as my two colleagues from Indiana leave—again, congratulations on their bicentennial. There are many great Hoosiers who have made their way to the State of Washington. One was a most beloved Mariner broadcaster named Dave Niehaus, who was from Evansville, IN. He was a great, great part of our sports history. Certainly, I should mention Dave Calabro, who was a Hoosier and another great announcer for our bas-ketball team. We also have the great Bill Ruckelshaus, former EPA Director under President Nixon. He works on salmon issues and does other great things. Congratulations to those Hoosier Senators today. 
ENERGY LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, I come to the floor with my colleague Senator M
URKOWSKI  of Alaska to talk about all the great work that was put into developing the Energy Policy Modernization Act. The Presiding Officer knows well how much work we put into that legislation. We are here today after many mark-ups, many amendments, and what was an unbelievable Senate vote of 85 to 12, to urge our House colleagues to con-sider the conference report on this leg-islation before adjourning for the year. There are so many important provi-sions in this legislation that should be enacted. We reached an agreement to mark the National Park Service’s 100th birthday by making an investment in our national parks. In response to re-quests from 47 Senators, the bill pro-tects hundreds of thousands of acres of land. We were also able to reach agree-ments on important issues such as water resources, providing and secur-ing funding for fighting forest fires, and making sure that communities that are at risk of wildfires get the at-tention they so deserve. Having lost seven individuals fighting wildfires over the last decade and a half, I can say, from the State of Washington’s perspective, it is essential that we pro-vide the communities the resources they need to fight fires. We also in-cluded a sportsmen’s bill that will help hunters and fishers. We were also able to reach agreement on numerous energy provisions. For in-stance, the legislation bolsters our en-ergy security against cyber attacks. We improve the Department of Ener-gy’s capabilities to protect the grid. We are not just talking about hardening some of our physical infrastructure such as hydro power projects, but actu-ally the work that it takes to make the grid more resilient from hacking. We also reached agreement on provisions to develop the workforce that will be needed to fill the 1.5 million new en-ergy workers that the Quadrennial En-ergy Review estimates will be needed by 2030. We were also able to reach agreement encouraging investments in hydro power projects, geothermal en-ergy, nuclear power and other emis-sions-free resources. Finally, this con-ference agreement also would promote innovation in many areas of science that are so important to us. What is so frustrating is that we fol-lowed regular order in putting together an Energy bill. We held numerous hear-ings followed by a 3-day committee markup. On the Senate floor, we con-sidered in excess of 300 amendments. We then worked all summer long and all fall with our House colleagues to reach a conference agreement. It is so disappointing to now have our House colleagues refuse to consider these important provisions. There were many hard-fought issues upon which we eventually agreed. We all had to come to the table and take into consid-eration all interests. Whether you are talking sportsmen and open access to hunting, which my colleague from Alaska so championed, or whether you are talking about how to get water agreements that involve fishermen, tribes, farmers, and a variety of river interests—we were able to accomplish that. Or whether you are talking about fixing the fire funding budget issue that has been debated back and forth among our House and Senate col-leagues for almost 7 or 8 years now, we were able to reach agreement on all of these things. It is very irresponsible for our House colleagues to drop the ball by failing to consider these solutions and taking yes for an answer. What is even more outrageous is that now the House wants to take a provi-sion subject to the Energy and Natural Resource’s jurisdiction—the California water issue—and airdrop it into the WRDA bill, which is subject to the ju-risdiction of the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee. As much as our House colleagues like to boast about their mythical no-ear-mark rule, the California water deal that is now being decried in newspapers in California as the ‘‘midnight rider,’’ was airdropped in as an earmark in the WRDA bill and sent over to the Senate. This is an issue that should be consid-ered by the Energy Committee. I say to my colleagues that, if you want energy policy considered in the future and you want it to be a product of the regular order process in the Sen-ate that creates consensus, you need to say to our House colleagues that are refusing to move forward on a con-ference report that this situation is problematic. The process that we are supposed to follow includes the Senate and House resolving differences as part of a conference committee. Instead, if we pass the WRDA bill, we will be re-warding those that wish to sidetrack regular order and drop into bills other items that have not been worked out and basically don’t adhere to the rules of the Senate or even the House’s own rules against earmarks they hypo-critically claim to follow. It is a very cynical view of the world to allow the House to add Energy and Natural Resources Committee jurisdic-tional legislation into another commit-tee’s bill and violates the House’s own rules and basically overruns the col-laborative process we used for the En-ergy Policy and Modernization Act. The House has, instead, turned to backroom deal making. I join my colleague, Senator MUR-
KOWSKI , tonight to describe the great and hard work that was done in our conference. I think she and I believe in it. I think we believe in the Senate the way it is supposed to work. We believe in the hard work that it took to reach compromise on so many issues, and I think we want to make sure that our colleagues know that getting to yes was just inches away. It is very unfortunate that the House, instead of doing its homework, pursued a very cynical approach to the legislative arena—something I thought we jettisoned a decade ago— airdropping things in the dark of night. I mistakenly thought the House leader-ship was being earnest about making sure that the legislative process is transparent. I hope our colleagues will understand these are important policy issues and take the remaining days—if we happen to be here an extra few days this week-end or even into next week—and en-courage the House leadership to get our energy and natural resources bill enacted and bank what is good public policy in the best interests of the United States. I thank my colleague from Alaska for her leadership on the Energy Com-mittee, her hard work and dedication, her willingness to work across the aisle, and a willingness to be very tough on these important thorny pub-lic policy issues—and not to back away from that—and to find solutions for ev-erybody in the Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I acknowledge the very good work of my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.107 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6897 December 8, 2016 
friend, colleague, and neighbor to the south of us from Washington State, Senator C
ANTWELL . She has been a partner throughout this 2-year process we have been en-gaged in as we have tried to formulate and format a renewed energy policy for this country, something that has not been done in close to a decade. We acknowledged early on that there were going to be policy differences we each have, given where we come from and some differing views, but we were committed to working together to work through the thorny issues, to work toward consensus, not only that she and I could come to but our whole committee and, ultimately, the Sen-ate. We were successful in doing that. I also acknowledge the good work of Senator C
ANTWELL ’s staff, as well as my staff, on the Energy Committee. These folks have been working tire-lessly for 2 years, but more imme-diately—and when I say tirelessly, pretty much 24/7 for the past several weeks, in trying to get us to a point where instead of talking about what might have been in an energy bill, being able to stand in front of my col-leagues and tell them these are the pol-icy changes that we will now see placed into law. I had truly wished I would not be in a situation where I would have to come to the floor and speak negatively about where we are right now because, as Senator C
ANTWELL outlined, the proc-ess we have been engaged in is one that we are proud of, but also that the insti-tution should be proud of. Our committees are designed to be incubators of good ideas and how we then allow these ideas to materialize and come together through good de-bate, amendments, refinement and then bringing that forward to the full body, again, for further work and re-finement. We have done it by the book. There are not too many things in Congress that look like what you learned about how a bill becomes law. I am looking at the young pages sitting here. In your classes, in American Government, you learn about how a bill becomes law. If you read that and you see what happens around here, you would say: these are two different universes. You are nodding because you know you are seeing that. What we have attempted to do and what we have done for the past 2 years is to allow our committees to work, to take the good ideas from energy-pro-ducing States such as Alaska and Lou-isiana, and to work with colleagues from the interior of the country with views and ideas that are perhaps dif-ferent than ours, building consensus with energy policy, with resources, with access. We did it. We have been that textbook example of regular order process. I am actually told that they have a training course or a training program offered in the Congress that walks committee staff through examples of how a bill should be moved through a committee. Just the other day, I was told that our bill, the Energy bill, is the model that is being used as what to do in that training program. This is quite the compliment; how-ever we still have to get it over the fin-ish line. This is where Senator CANT-
WELL and I are so frustrated. This is where we are so frustrated because, after 2 years of work and being this close to the finish line, we are being de-nied that opportunity to share this success and all because of lack of ac-tion over in the other Chamber. We started this Energy bill by con-vening ideas. We held hearings in Washington, in Alaska, and other places in between. We gathered the ideas for what we hoped was going to be the first major Energy and Natural Resources bill signed into law in nearly a decade. We held oversight hearings and legislative hearings. We reviewed over 115 separate bills. We spent weeks negotiating a base text of the bipar-tisan bill. We held markups where our bill drew support from nearly all of our Members. Then we brought it here to the floor. Yes, we had some bumps along the way. Flint, which certainly needed to be addressed, was part of it. That seems like ancient history now. But we persevered. We worked through all of the issues. We added more priorities for our Members, to the point where over 80 different Senators had their prior-ities incorporated into our bill. Then, in April, 85 Members of this body—85 Members—voted in favor of passage of this bill. When we think of all that was contained in it, to gain that level of consensus, I think the Senator from Washington and I were doing something positive, to get every-body on board. Then the House responded to our En-ergy bill in late May, and in July, we went to a formal conference. We began work right away. The negotiations started just about immediately, even before the first formal meeting of our conference. So think about it. We have been working this conference between the two bodies since July—and not just on an occasional basis; rather, we have been working this aggressively. During this conference, we have held more than 75 bipartisan and bicameral nego-tiating sessions at the staff level. There have been countless more meet-ings and daily interactions amongst our staff. The final conference report includes provisions from 74 Members of the Senate and 224 Members of the House. That means there is input from almost 60 percent of the U.S. Congress included in the conference report. This is not a bill where we are cramming it through; this is a measure of consider-able consensus. The chairmen and the ranking mem-bers of the committees of jurisdiction, whether it is here in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources, the House Nat-ural Resources Committee, the House Science Committee, the House Energy and Natural Resources Committee—we have been meeting to resolve our dif-ferences. Again, staff has been working around the clock. Just this weekend, we went through hundreds of pages to close out all of the issues. Again, we did it by the book. We did what we were supposed to be doing. We were the team players here. We adhered to the regular order process. Senator C
ANTWELL said we were doing the ‘‘normal’’ process. But I think what we are doing now is ex-traordinary. It is not normal—because it seems that, if there is guerilla war-fare that is going on, that seems to be the way to move a bill nowadays. That does not send a very powerful message nor set a good example for how to ad-vance a consensus measure such as we have with the Energy bill. We were really on the right track until just a couple of weeks ago when it became pretty apparent that the House was, plainly stated, just done. They were finished. They stopped nego-tiating in good faith. They stopped try-ing to work to reach agreement. So we are at that point where we have the House going out. We are told we here in the Senate are going to be wrapping up shop. But, as Senator C
ANTWELL has outlined, what col-leagues need to know is what is being left behind on the table. It is not just the guts of this conference bill that we have been negotiating that is on the table; what is on the table a tremen-dous amount of time and effort put forth into a good committee process that has built a consensus and a good product. That is a problem, and I think it is something we are going to have to work on. It looks like we are going to have to work on this aggressively in the next year. There has been a lot of speculation about what is really going on. What is the problem? Why can’t you get a deal? Well, I mentioned that we have closed out every aspect of this bill with the exception of two issues, but there have been a lot of excuses out there that we don’t have enough time; the bill is too complicated; there is not enough in it; then suddenly, there is too much in it. So we worked to address all of that, and we got it down to two issues. Both of those issues can be easily resolved in plenty of time for us around here if ev-erybody is willing to sit down and work through them in good faith. In fact, on both of those issues, the Senate has al-ready written—we have already pro-posed the modifications that were nec-essary to reach the final agreement. What happened when we sent them over? We wait. It is going to be half an hour, an hour, and now it is half a day. That is not good faith. I will give one specific example. This relates to LNG export projects. This is something, quite honestly, that folks had agreed was going to be a part of the bill. We have included it in every Senate offer. It was taken out by the House. Then, when the House says, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.110 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6898 December 8, 2016 
‘‘Your bill doesn’t seem to have enough in it. What happened to LNG?’’ we say ‘‘You took it out.’’ Let’s not be moving the goalpost. What we have is vitally significant for many in our Western States. It in-cludes forest management reform with the potential for a fire budget fix, for our sportsmen and women who care about accessing our public lands for hunting and fishing and recreational shooting. It includes a water package to help boost our water storage and management in some of our most drought-stricken Western States. It has a robust public lands title with more than 50 bills in it that provide ev-erything from the expansion of a VA cemetery in South Dakota to high-pri-ority land exchanges in places like Col-orado. We have language related to the National Park Service Centennial that really sets our national parks on track for a second century. It includes a range of nuclear, cyber security, and hydroelectric innovation policies. These are good things that will help our country move forward and produce more energy that is affordable, reli-able, and free of any form of pollution. We have worked so hard. To be here on the 8th of December and say we are out of time—well, tell that to the sportsmen who have been working for 6 years to get a legislative package. And here we are on December 8 saying we are done. Tell that to those—particularly from the West— who are concerned about wildfire threats year after year and whether the funds are going to be there not only to address fire but to be there for the other accounts that our agencies are worried about. Tell them that we ran out of time on December 8. Mr. President, I have to say that we have not run out of time; we have, un-fortunately, run out of a desire to work together to finish important work for this country. We have plenty of time and should not be making excuses. Now is not the time to run down the clock. We must recognize that we have worked for 2 long years and this work deserves to be placed into law. I urge my friends and my colleagues in the other Chamber to work with us on this. Let’s not give up on energy policy. With that, I yield the floor. I thank my colleague for the indulgence of some additional time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the good work Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI does in cooperation with people in this institution. 
REMEMBERING JOHN GLENN  
Mr. President, today our country lost an American hero, Col. John Glenn, Senator John Glenn. I will be back on a later date to deliver a more formal tribute with my colleague Senator P
ORTMAN , but I wish to share some ini-tial thoughts as I, along with my wife Connie and so many Ohioans, mourn for John Glenn and join so many people around the country who loved him and cared for him and respected him. It has been one of the great lessons of my life to get to know John Glenn and for Connie and me to count him and Annie as mentors and friends. We re-member just a few short years ago, on the 50th anniversary of his flight into space, the night before, we had dinner with John and Annie, Connie and I and his children, David and Glen, and his daughter-in-law, David’s wife, and how interesting and joyous it was to hear him recount his experiences and so much of what he has done. We loved him. We will miss him. We will con-tinue to draw strength and wisdom from the lessons he shared with us over the years. The first time I met John Glenn was in 1969. It was Colonel Glenn then, long before he was elected to the Senate. Colonel Glenn spoke at an Eagle Scout dinner in Mansfield, OH. Only a few short weeks earlier, in my court of honor, I was awarded the Eagle Scout award. I was 16 years old. I got to meet Colonel Glenn. His words inspired us. They stayed with me as I grew up and looked for ways to serve community and country. Thirty years later, John granted me the honor of walking me down this cen-ter aisle. When Senators are sworn in, any term they serve, they are often ac-companied by a Senator from their State or a former Senator—whomever that Senator-elect or that Senator who is soon to be sworn in chooses—and I chose to walk down with my friend and former Senator, at that point, John Glenn. John had a humility and a kindness unusual, perhaps, in this business and in, perhaps, somebody of his level of accomplishment. His kindness and in-telligence, his courage—we know about that—and his commitment to service set an example that our country needs today more than ever. His legacy will live on not just in the pages of history books, it will live on through the Americans he inspired, whether it was a passion for exploration that led him to join NASA, a dedication to country that called him to the Armed Forces, or a desire to make the world a better place that led him to public service. John will live in the hearts of every-one who knew and loved him, including his beloved wife Annie and his wonder-ful children, Glen and David. I spoke with Annie and John on their 73rd wedding anniversary, and Annie told me the story that—I knew they knew each other in grade school. They dated beginning—I don’t know exactly when. I asked Annie if they wanted to marry in high school, and she said yes, but her parents said they couldn’t do that because it wouldn’t last. So they waited until after Pearl Harbor, when I believe John was 20 and Annie was 21, and they were married for 73-plus years. Ohio and the United States have lost a great light today, but that pales in comparison to what we gained over his 95 years on Earth. I hope my colleagues will join me in sending out our love and prayers to John’s family at this difficult time during the holidays. I heard John Glenn stories even today at the ceremony unveiling the portrait of our Democratic leader HARRY REID, which took place in the Russell Building, and a number of former colleagues of John’s came up to me and they had just heard of his death that happened midafternoon today. So I thank them for their memories. 
f 
MINERS PROTECTION ACT Mr. President, last night Senator M
ANCHIN and I were on the floor of the Senate with Senators W
YDEN and D ON-
NELLY and C ASEY , and we were again asking our colleagues to honor the commitment Harry Truman made seven decades ago to the mine workers of this country, to the retired mine workers, and to their widows. We all know that the life expectancy of mine workers is often less than the life ex-pectancy of a teacher or an elected of-ficial or an insurance agent or someone who works in many other kinds of busi-nesses. They are more likely to be in-jured on the job. They are more likely, in some cases, to perish on the job. They are more likely to contract an ill-ness from the air they breathe and the conditions in the mines, whether it is black lung or whether it is some kind of heart disease. So this is particularly important to mine workers and the widows, that we take care of their in-surance. Most of the mine workers I know got a notice in late November or early this month saying their insurance would be cut off at the end of December. What a Christmas present. We have asked Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , the Republican lead-er, who seems to be the only one stand-ing in the way, month after month after month to fix this so these widows and these retired miners don’t get this notice saying: Your insurance will be cut off. Finally, Senator M
CCONNELL , the Re-publican leader, asked us to make it bi-partisan. We did. We have a number of Republican cosponsors, including Sen-ator P
ORTMAN from my State, Senator C
APITO from West Virginia, and a num-ber of others. We did that. Then Senator M
CCONNELL said: Go through regular order; put a bill through committee. We did that 18 to 8 in the Senate Finance Committee— every Democrat joined by a third or so of the Republicans. We did that. Then he said: That is not good enough; now we want you to find a way to pay for it. We did. No tax dollars in-volved. This is money in the abandoned mine funds assessed against the mine companies, accumulated over the years. We did all three of those things. Still, Senator M
CCONNELL , because of his an-tipathy, apparently, toward the United Mine Workers union—if he wants to have antipathy towards the union, if he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.111 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6899 December 8, 2016 
hates unions, that is his business. I would rather he didn’t, but that is his business. But to stand in the way of these widows and these retired mine workers because of his animosity to-ward the union is pretty troubling. Last night, Senator M
ANCHIN and I, issue after issue after issue, continued to object to other generally non-controversial bills that we support— some I cosponsored—until this body does its job. But if this Senate doesn’t act—it looks like a number of Sen-ators, as House Members, apparently have already gone home for Christmas, so I will have plenty of colleagues go home and celebrate the holidays. Re-gardless of their faith, they will cele-brate the holidays in the 3 upcoming weeks. But these thousands of mine workers and thousand of mine worker retirees and thousands of widows of mine workers—their Christmas isn’t going to be so good because now—Sen-ator M
CCONNELL offered a little bit and said: We will give you a 4-month exten-sion. But do you know what that means? That means they will get the letter. They have already gotten the first letter saying their insurance runs out at the end of December. Now they will get a second letter, if we do the 4- month extension, in January or Feb-ruary saying: Sorry, it is going to run out again in April. How would we like to live that way? You are going to have insurance until this date, and then we will give you a little extension and you can have it until that date. That is simply not fair. Maybe it is OK for us because we have good benefits and we have good insur-ance, but it is not OK with them. So I am hopeful that Senator M
CCON-
NELL and Republican leaders will bring this to the floor, will support a 1-year— we want more. We would like to see the pension problem fixed too. But before the holidays, let’s do a 1-year extension on the insurance. It is a commitment President Truman made and Presidents of both parties for seven decades have honored. It is the least we can do. I think we should stay here and work up until Christmas if it doesn’t happen. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with Senator M
CCAINwhen he arrives. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRAHAM. Right on cue, so I will start off here. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for a colloquy be-tween myself and the Senator from South Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRAHAM. Just to make sure. JASTA  
Very briefly, I will let Senator M
CCAINlead off, but I want to talk about the way forward regarding JASTA. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I would like to join my friend and colleague on this issue that is of transcendent im-portance to America’s relationship with our friends and allies—literally placing Americans and American com-panies and corporations and govern-ments in great danger—particularly governments. I would just like to mention in pass-ing, if my colleague will indulge me very quickly, because I have here in front of me—and I will ask that it be included in the R
ECORD —statements from the President of the United States, the Director of the CIA, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary of State, and the Sec-retary of Defense, all on this issue we are talking about. The leaders of our government, from the President on down, including the heads of our most important defense agencies, have expressed—and I will quote them in just a minute. My friends, Congress passed the Jus-tice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, or JASTA. It was well-intentioned to allow claims against foreign govern-ments that might be complicit in ter-rorist attacks against the United States. The spirit behind the legisla-tion is noble. Any foreign government behind the attack on our homeland or our citizens must be held accountable. But it has become clear that the unin-tended consequences of this legislation are quite grave. As it exists now, JASTA presents a significant risk to the United States and our military and diplomatic per-sonnel serving across the globe. As it currently exists, as my col-league from South Carolina will ex-plain in greater detail, JASTA under-mines a fundamental international norm of sovereign immunity that pro-tects governments from being sued in court except in narrow circumstances. If this law is not narrow—and please, my colleagues, understand, the Senator from South Carolina and I are not for abolishing this law; we are for putting in a scope that protects the United States of America; that is, if we allow our laws to target governments indis-criminately, we will expose our coun-try to grave risk and undermine our ability to pursue justice in a complex world. No country in the world stands to lose more from an erosion of these legal standards than the United States of America. The United States has more bases and more forward-deployed personnel protecting peace and secu-rity than any other country. JASTA now gives these countries an incentive to bring these brave men and women to court to answer for U.S. counterterror-ism policies. If other countries pass similar legis-lation, it means the United States and American soldiers, diplomats, and in-telligence officers serving in some of the world’s most dangerous and dif-ficult countries will be forced to justify their actions and defend the policies we have made to defend this country be-fore courts that may not share our standards of due process and fairness. Our allies will wonder if it is wise to join our coalitions to fight terrorism if they, too, will face legal liability in courts around the world. Thus, we are faced with the twisted irony that the men and women who put themselves in harm’s way to bring the 9/11 attackers to justice and to defeat those who still seek to attack the United States are the people placed directly at risk by JASTA. We must be concerned with the diplo-matic and economic fallout of this law. Our allies and partners around the world, particularly those who struggle with terrorism at home, now wonder when they might be hauled in to courts for terrorist actions. They face poten-tial court-ordered damages and asset seizures. Their citizens and companies doing business in the United States are at risk. It is only reasonable that these countries will consider pulling their as-sets and resources out of the United States out of fear. In short, JASTA could cause our al-lies in the fight against terrorism to distance themselves from us as a coun-try that most needs their support against those who mean to do us harm. Now I would like to provide some quotes. Our Nation’s top national secu-rity officials have issued statements and written to Congress to warn us about the unintended consequences of JASTA. Let’s begin with President Obama. I will quote from his letter from White House. He wrote: 
JASTA . . . would neither protect Ameri-cans from terrorist attacks nor improve the effectiveness of our response to such attacks. Doing so would instead threaten to erode sovereign immunity principles that protect the United States, including our U.S. Armed Forces and other officials, overseas. 
I will admit that Senator G RAHAM  and I have a special relationship with the men and women who are serving— his 22 years as a member of the U.S. Air Force Reserve and every year going to Iraq or Afghanistan; I obviously have sons who have served. I don’t want to see my sons or anybody else’s sons in court because they might have violated a sovereign nation the way that we are saying JASTA affects our country. 
Enacting JASTA into law, however, would neither protect Americans from terrorist at-tacks nor improve the effectiveness of our response to such attacks. Doing so would in-stead threaten to erode sovereign immunity principles that protect the United States, in-cluding our U.S. Armed Forces and other of-ficials, overseas. 
The Secretary of Defense wrote: 
U.S. Servicemembers stationed here and overseas, and especially those supporting our counterterrorism efforts, would be vulner-able to private individuals’ accusations that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.113 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6900 December 8, 2016 
their activities contributed to acts alleged to violate a foreign state’s law. 
He continued to say that, whether guilty or innocent, ‘‘the mere allega-tion of their involvement could subject them to a foreign court’s jurisdiction and the accompanying litigation and intrusive discovery process that goes along with defending against such law-suits. . . . Our servicemembers might be required to testify about or provide documents on operations that they are obligated under U.S. law not to dis-close, exposing them to punishment for contempt by the foreign court, includ-ing imprisonment.’’ According to the Secretary of De-fense, we could be risking imprison-ment for the men and women who are serving in our military overseas. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff—I think we all respect the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Here is his view: 
Any legislation that risks reciprocal treat-ment by foreign governments would increase the vulnerability of U.S. Servicemembers to foreign legal action while acting in an offi-cial capacity. In those cases . . . the Servicemember could be held in civil, or criminal, contempt should he or she refuse to appear or other-wise comply with the foreign court’s orders. 
The Secretary of State, John Kerry, wrote: 
JASTA could encourage foreign courts to exercise jurisdiction over the United States or U.S. officials. 
The same thing. The Director of CIA wrote: 
(JASTA) will have grave implications for the national security of the United States. The most damaging consequence would be for those US Government officials who duti-fully work overseas on behalf of our country. The principle of sovereign immunity pro-tects US officials every day, and is rooted in reciprocity. If we fail to uphold this standard for other countries, we place our own na-tion’s officials in danger. No country has more to lose from undermining that prin-ciple than the United States—and few insti-tutions would be at greater risk than the CIA. 
Which certainly makes sense. So here we have the Director of the CIA, the Vice President of the United States, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President of the United States, the Secretary of De-fense—all want us to narrow the inter-pretation of this law. What does it re-quire? Whose word more do you want? All I am saying is that we need to narrow the law. We must make it clear that countries will not be held respon-sible for rogue actions of their citizens. Unless we can show that a nation knowingly assists a terrorist group, sovereign nations should not be dragged into our courts. If we don’t fix JASTA, our ability to defend ourselves will be undermined and the people we ask to go into harm’s way on our behalf will be placed in jeopardy. America must pursue jus-tice, but in the long run, JASTA will make it harder, not easier, to bring terrorists to justice and prevent ter-rorism in the first place. We need to fix this law. I ask my colleague, let’s make it clear, are we asking to have this law repealed? Are we asking that people in countries that are responsible for acts of terror to be let off the hook? Are we trying to say committing acts of terror can be sponsored by any nation and we will turn the other way? That is basi-cally the argument that is being mounted in sometimes hysterical fash-ion, and what we are trying to do is to ensure that a government must know-ingly—maybe not even have done it themselves but knowingly. Isn’t that the key, particularly coming from someone with your background as an officer trained in the Uniform Code of Military Justice and the International Rule of Law? Mr. GRAHAM. Thank you, Senator MCCAIN. Your overview was excellent about the perils we face as a nation if we don’t modify the law. I will try to give you a couple of minutes of how did we get to here. After 9/11—the most horrific attack on our homeland, maybe ever, I guess, since the Civil War—the bottom line was that we re-sponded as a nation in many ways. The 9/11 families have a special place in American history and our hearts. They have been pursuing legal claims against those responsible for the at-tack. Sovereign immunity is a concept that protects our government and every other government from doing business because if you don’t have the sovereign immunity, you can’t func-tion as a government. There are waiv-ers to that concept—a tort. If some-body in Saudi Arabia is driving a car down the streets of New York and they are working for the Embassy and con-sulate and they hit you, there is a process where you can sue. You can sue your own Federal Government—the Federal Tort Claims Act—if you are in-jured as a result of being hit by a mili-tary vehicle. Even though sovereign immunity applies, we waived that to allow citizens who have been injured torturously to bring claims in a very controlled process. The 9/11 families, for well over a dec-ade now, have been pursuing nation- states like Saudi Arabia in court, try-ing to hold them liable for the act of terrorism of the 19 hijackers. Under our law, a tort does not include acts of international terrorism. I was very open-minded to say, certainly, that is a tort. If you are injured or killed be-cause of an act of international ter-rorism, you have been harmed, and I don’t mind holding somebody respon-sible who caused that harm. Now you are getting into the oper-ation of a nation-state. If you believe the Saudi Government collaborated with the 19 hijackers and they knew or should have known about the attack and assisted in the attack, not only should they be held liable in our courts as probably an act of war under inter-national law. Unfortunately, the way we have structured this law, that re-quirement does exist. Let me give you an example of how that can come back to haunt us. We are engaged in a conflict in Syria today. We are training, providing weap-ons, and training a lot of groups inside Syria to destroy ISIL. One of those groups is the WPG Kurds. They are lit-erally the cousins of the PKK, a ter-rorist organization inside Turkey. There is friction between the Kurds and Syria and the Turkish Govern-ment, and it is beginning to bubble up. We are knowingly providing training to Kurdish elements inside Syria for the express purpose of enlisting them in the fight against ISIL. What I don’t want to have happen is that the CIA of-ficer, the special forces soldier, any-body in our government who is work-ing in the training, equipping process to be held liable if that training and those weapons are used to go into Tur-key or some other place where we didn’t intend for it to happen and didn’t know about it. As this law is written now, it is my fear the very act of helping them do one thing could make you liable for ev-erything they do. We are trying to nar-row the scope, and we are trying to make sure that whatever claim against a foreign government lies for the 9/11 attack, that we don’t open the door to lawsuits, imprisonment, criminal com-plaints, liability by us as a nation- state for all of the activities we are doing throughout the world. We are training people in Mosul, in Iraq today. We have been training the Iraqi Security Forces. We have been training tribal militia. The one thing I don’t want to have happen is the people who provide the weapons and train-ing—that if a Sunni group, for some reason out of our control, goes into a Shiite village and commits a genocide or the reverse or we are helping the Shiites and they go on a sectarian binge, I don’t want us to be held liable unless you can prove that we know-ingly engaged in the act in question; that it wasn’t enough just to help the tribal leaders, Sunni tribal leaders, fight Al Qaeda; that if they do some-thing outside of what we intended, the only way we can be liable and people working for us can be liable is if we knew about it and we are involved in it. That is what is missing. It may be harder for the lawyers rep-resenting the 9/11 families to prove the case, but if we don’t make the standard as I described, we are opening ourselves up as a nation and all of those through-out the world. Nobody understands the world better than Senator M
CCAIN. I promise you, we are providing aid and assistance to groups who are very questionable at best, but that is the world we live in. The Mideast is a complete mess. I don’t want my country, our country, and those who serve under our flag to ever be hauled into a foreign court because they were doing the training and the equipping that our Nation ordered them to do, and I don’t want us as a na-tion to be responsible for acts we did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.114 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6901 December 8, 2016 
not know about or intend to happen. Just simply helping somebody doesn’t make you liable for all the things they might do down the road. If there is evidence that the Saudi Government knowingly or should have known about the attacks of 9/11 and aided that attack, you can bring a claim. If it is any less here for the 9/11 attack, then that lesser standard would be used against us because countries, as I speak, are adopting their version of JASTA. The one thing we don’t want to do is open up the international legal system to claims against America based on what we did here at home and not have thought it through very well. I would end on this. We all voted for it because we are sympathetic to the cause and want to make sure the 9/11 families can proceed in court to hold those accountable for the horrific acts against their families. I don’t think we are helping those families by passing a law that is not well thought out and putting other families at risk who are in the fight today. This is not suing for a war that is over. The damage is done after the war. The war on terror is very much alive and well. As far as the eye can see, America is going to be involved in equipping, training, aiding, and assist-ing groups. I don’t want our country to be held liable and the people we ask to do the training and equipping to find themselves in a foreign court unless we as a nation knew and intended the con-sequence in question. If we don’t change this law, we will have not served those in the fight very well. We can modify this law in a way to allow claims to go forward post-9/11. All of us agreed to a process to allow the 9/11 families to move forward. I hope all of us can agree, or at least most of us, to modify that process to make sure we don’t have unintended consequences that everybody in the na-tional security infrastructure of the United States is telling us we created. No Member of the Senate, in wanting to help 9/11 families, I believe, wants to expose other families and those who serve this Nation to being hauled into foreign courts and being accused of a crime and being sued. We have a chance to fix it. I will tell you this. If we don’t fix it, we are going to regret it because the activities we are en-gaged in today, I am afraid, could be a basis of action against our Nation under the law we passed. If you did exactly what this law al-lows in another country and the ter-rorist organization was helped by the United States, even if you view them as terrorists, even though we didn’t know about what they did, we could be liable, and I don’t want that. Mr. M
CCAIN. May I ask my colleague one additional question? We have heard from literally every Middle Eastern country on this issue. No threats have been made. The con-versation between us and Ministers of various countries in the Middle East have been of grave concern of support for the fundamentals of this law but also a deep concern about the ramifica-tions my colleague from South Caro-lina just described. Let’s for a moment put yourself in their position. You face now the possi-bility of a lawsuit brought against your country because some acts of ter-ror have taken place by citizens of your country without your knowledge or assistance. You are about to go into court in the United States of America, and you have significant assets—and you are the lawyer and I am not, but it seems to me the first thing a good law-yer is going to want to do is freeze the assets, pending the outcome of the suit that is being brought. By the way, I have received no threats in our con-versations with these countries. Wouldn’t anybody in their right mind say, Hey, I am not going to risk having my assets frozen there and maybe spend years in litigation in the courts. Mr. GRAHAM. Yes. I think the for-eign policy of nations and the willing-ness to assist us as a nation is very much up in the air if we don’t somehow modify this law because if you are doing business in the United States— let’s pick Saudi Arabia. The claims can be brought against the Saudi Govern-ment. If there is a judgment, those as-sets can be attached and they can be taken. If you are not doing business here, you don’t have to worry about your assets being taken by a court. I want to stress this. There can be a claim, but that claim has to be able to prove that the nation-state—example, Saudi Arabia—knew or should have known of the attack itself and aided the attack. If you can prove that, we not only should allow all lawsuits, we should rethink our relationship with Saudi Arabia. Here is what the Saudis tell me. If we actually did that, I don’t blame you for rethinking the relationship with us. What you say is very true, Senator MCCAIN. If this law stands in the United States—and this is an emo-tional time in the world. Juries render justice, but Mideastern nations are not very popular right now, for sometimes good reason. The Saudis are helping people in Yemen. They are helping peo-ple in Syria. Sometimes they are help-ing people differently than we are help-ing because they are more worried about Iran than Assad. It is a complex world, and I think na-tion-states are going to be reluctant to do business in America if they come from a complex part of the world if we don’t modify this law because all of their assets are subject not only to being confiscated through a court proc-ess, it would no longer be a safe place to do business. I would stress this. The same thing could happen to us in other countries. If some groups we are helping in Syria somehow want to take on Saudi Arabia because they don’t like their govern-ment, I don’t want us to be sued in Saudi court and the American business assets that lie in Saudi Arabia be seized or attached if we didn’t know the people in question were actually going to attack Saudi Arabia and col-laborate in that attack. Mr. MCCAIN. I have another sce-nario—drone strikes. We commit drone strikes literally everywhere in the Middle East where we find there are terrorists who are capable of mounting attacks on the United States of Amer-ica. They are precision strikes, but on many occasions, civilians, as collateral damage, have also been killed. Those are just facts. What exposure are we subject to now? Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, that is a really good question because the pur-pose of this legislation is to hold na-tion-states responsible for aiding ter-rorist organizations. The YPG Kurds, in the eyes of Turkey, could be a ter-rorist group. Al Qaeda is certainly con-sidered a terrorist group in the eyes of everybody. We are now chasing terror-ists all over the world. We are receiv-ing information from one organization, taking that information, militarizing it, using it in a lethal fashion, and hit-ting people we don’t intend to hit. Here is what would solve this prob-lem. For a liability to exist on any na-tion-state, including the United States, the only time you can be sued is if you intended and knowingly engaged in the activity, partnering with a terrorist group or separately, with the knowl-edge that you meant for this to hap-pen. If we don’t have that knowing re-quirement, we are going to open our-selves up to a lot of heartache through-out the world. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, isn’t it logical to say that you shouldn’t hold a government of a country liable if some-thing happened by attack from their country or by one of their citizens that we didn’t know about? I mean, this is why I am confused as to why that just doesn’t have a logical aspect to it. We don’t want to hold people who are not guilty liable for damages. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, this is a really good question. One of the con-cepts we want to introduce into the new modification is discretionary deci-sions by nation-states. The original bill said you couldn’t sue based on a discre-tionary decision—a planning activity, a strategic decision. Apparently, there is some evidence that lower-level Saudi officials or people in Saudi Arabia pro-vided some money, helped people get passports, helped people do this, helped people do that. We don’t want to be held liable if we have a rogue employee in a consulate somewhere. It has to be that the nation-state at the highest level of government—to be liable for the torturous act—knew or should have known. If we don’t want to be guilty by association, you don’t want to be held liable as an entire nation-state because you have one part of the government doing a function that was not approved by the government as a whole. All I can say is we are making stra-tegic decisions today. I don’t know how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.115 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6902 December 8, 2016 
much money we have given to the Kurds and other allies in Syria fighting ISIL, but I can tell you some of these groups in the eyes of other people in the region are terrorists, and they have an agenda outside of fighting ISIL. I don’t want to be liable because we helped them in the cause of fighting ISIL if they go and do something else to harm somebody else, some other na-tion, unless we knew about it, because it will stop our ability to have part-ners. Unfortunately, in the war on ter-ror, you are not going to win the war if you don’t make alliances, and some-times these alliances are with pretty unsavory people. Saudi Arabia is in the same position we are. If you open the floodgates and the United States is liable because of the activity that occurred, people from your country are involved, but you don’t have the requirement of saying you knew about it and you wanted it to happen. Then we are opening ourselves up to a liability all over the globe be-cause, unlike Saudi Arabia, we are all over the place. We are everywhere—in the Philippines. I can’t think of a re-gion in the world where there are not American operatives, intelligence offi-cials, or military officials who are not somehow joined in the fight against different forms of terrorism, and all I am asking is that we modify this law. You can bring a claim against anybody you think caused 9/11, including a country like Saudi Arabia, but you have to prove that the government knew about it, should have known about it, and aided in the actual act. That is not in the law, and if we don’t put that in the law, it will bite us all, and everybody fighting this war is try-ing to tell us we have gone too far. Next year Senator M
CCAIN, Senator G
RAHAM , and hopefully others, will make it a top priority to modify this law so we can conduct foreign policy as a nation and not put our warfighters at risk and those we rely upon to win this war, because we are not helping the 9/ 11 families by putting people at risk for no good reason who are out there all over the world trying to protect us. That is exactly what we have done if we don’t modify this law. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, this is not the opinion of the Senator from South Carolina and myself. This is the opinion of the President of the United States. This is the opinion of the Sec-retary of Defense. This is the opinion of the Secretary of State. This is the opinion of the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. This is the opin-ion of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I have had a lot of support in my time on various issues. I cannot re-member a time in the last 30 years where literally every leader in govern-ment has come out in the strongest possible fashion not to do away with JASTA but to fix it so the United States of America itself is not put in jeopardy as other nations adopt this same law. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the letters from the Presi-dent of the United States, the Sec-retary of State of the United States, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Secretary of Defense be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEWHITE HOUSE , Washington. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR REID: Thank you for speak-ing with me about the Justice Against Spon-sors of Terrorism Act, or JASTA. As I noted in my message vetoing the bill and reiter-ated on our call yesterday, I strongly believe that enacting JASTA into law would be det-rimental to U.S. national interests. I am firmly committed to assisting the families of the victims of the terrorist at-tacks of September 11. 2001 (9/11) in their pur-suit of justice. Over the last eight years, my Administration has continued and expanded upon the U.S. Government’s unprecedented response to the 9/11 attacks. We have relent-lessly pursued al-Qa’ida, killed Osama bin Laden, supported and signed legislation that provides treatment for first responders and other survivors, and declassified additional information on the attacks so the families of 9/11 victims can better understand the infor-mation investigators gathered following that dark day. Enacting JASTA into law, however, would neither protect Americans from terrorist at-tacks nor improve the effectiveness of our response to such attacks. Doing so would in-stead threaten to erode sovereign immunity principles that protect the United States, in-cluding our U.S. Armed Forces and other of-ficials, overseas. This is why I vetoed the bill and why I believe you should vote to sustain that veto. In general, JASTA would allow lawsuits in U.S. Federal Courts against foreign coun-tries for actions taken abroad that are al-leged to have contributed to acts of ter-rorism in the United States, notwith-standing long-standing principles of sov-ereign immunity. We already have ways of addressing state-sponsored terrorism. In fact, under existing law, lawsuits may be brought for actions taken abroad that con-tribute to acts of terrorism only against countries that have been designated as state sponsors of terrorism. Under JASTA, this very limited class of potential foreign state defendants would be expanded to encompass every country in the world. JASTA therefore threatens to upset immunity protections that benefit the United States more than any other Nation. The consequences of JASTA could be dev-astating to the Department of Defense and its Service members—and there is no doubt that the consequences could be equally sig-nificant for our foreign affairs and intel-ligence communities, as well as others who work in furtherance of U.S. national secu-rity. The United States relies on principles of immunity to prevent foreign litigants and foreign courts from second-guessing our counterterrorism operations and other ac-tions that we take every day. Other coun-tries could attempt to use JASTA, however, to justify the creation of similar exceptions to immunity targeted against U.S. policies and activities that they oppose. As a result our Nation and its Armed Forces, State De-partment, intelligence officials, and others may find themselves subject to lawsuits in foreign courts—for example, Service mem-bers stationed here and overseas, including those supporting our counterterrorism ef-forts, would be vulnerable to accusations that their activities contributed to acts that allegedly violated foreign laws. Without im-munity, we could be forced to defend our-selves in foreign courts regardless of whether the United States or its officials had in fact provided support for terrorist acts or com-mitted acts in violation of foreign laws. Such lawsuits could subject the United States and its officials to intrusive and time-consuming discovery, including demands from foreign litigants and courts for sensitive U.S. Gov-ernment information or intelligence. Such lawsuits could also lead to sizeable money damages and efforts to attach U.S. Govern-ment property to satisfy those judgments— efforts to which we would be particularly vulnerable given our substantial worldwide presence. And foreign states could create ex-ceptions to sovereign immunity that do not directly mirror those created by JASTA, which would exacerbate these risks. The JASTA also threatens to expose even our closest allies and partners to litigation in U.S. courts. JASTA would go well beyond 9/11 or the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and a number of our allies and partners have ex-pressed serious concerns about the bill. I am concerned that the enactment of JASTA would risk eroding the cooperation we must have from partners and allies to defend the Nation. And as I noted in my veto message, JASTA threatens to take decisions con-cerning potential foreign state involvement in terrorist attacks out of the hands of na-tional security and foreign policy profes-sionals and to place such decisions instead in the hands of private litigants and courts. This is neither a coordinated nor an effective way to respond to such concerns. To be clear, my opposition to JASTA is based primarily on its potential impact on the United States. Sovereign immunity prin-ciples do protect all Nations. But the United States has a larger international presence, by far, than any other country—we are ac-tive in a lot more places than any other country, including Saudi Arabia. This means we benefit more from the principles that JASTA threatens to erode than any other country and have more to lose if those prin-ciples are eroded than any other country. 
THESECRETARY OF STATE , Washington, April 15, 2016. Hon. L
INDSEY O. G RAHAM , Chairman, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Op-erations, and Related Programs, Committee on Appropriations, U.S. Senate, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to ex-press the Department of State’s concerns re-garding S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA). We deeply sympathize with all victims of terrorism and appreciate the motivation be-hind this legislation. The U.S. government condemns all acts of terrorism, and the De-partment has long supported efforts of U.S. terrorism victims to pursue compensation while also leading international efforts to combat terrorism and prevent more attacks and more victims. However, as it presently stands, JASTA would strip sovereign immunity protections from all nations (not just designated state sponsors of terrorism as under current law) for a wide range of actions taken outside the United States that lead to injury or loss in the United States, including but not limited to acts associated with terrorism. This broad expansion of the Foreign Sovereign Immu-nity Act’s jurisdictional provisions will be of deep concern to many foreign governments with potentially grave repercussions for U.S. national security interests. The United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.117 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6903 December 8, 2016 
States benefits significantly from the pro-tection afforded by foreign sovereign immu-nity given its extensive diplomatic, security, and assistance operations around the world. JASTA could encourage foreign courts to ex-ercise jurisdiction over the United States or U.S. officials—including members of our military and intelligence community—for actions taken here which may cause injury outside our borders. JASTA could also ex-pose U.S. allies and partners to litigation in U.S. courts that will raise significant foreign policy sensitivities and could limit their co-operation on key national security issues, including counterterrorism initiatives. It could also generate concerns about the secu-rity of foreign state assets in the U.S. finan-cial system. I ask you to consider the unintended con-sequences of passing this legislation in its current form. We remain prepared to work with Congress on appropriate changes that would mitigate the harmful impacts on U.S. foreign policy and national security. Thank you for your leadership on so many critical national security issues. Sincerely, J
OHNF. K ERRY . 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE , CHAIR-
MAN OF THE JOINT OF CHIEFS OF  S
TAFF , Washington, DC, 7 December 2016. Hon. J
OHNMCCAIN, Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, U.S. Senate, Washington. DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for the op-portunity to offer advice on congressional ef-forts to mitigate concerns I expressed re-garding legislation that may expose U.S. Service members to the jurisdiction of for-eign courts. On 27 September 2016, I forwarded concerns regarding the potential second- and third- order consequences of legislation that erode the long-standing principle of sovereign im-munity. These were: Any legislation that risks reciprocal treat-ment by foreign governments would increase the vulnerability of U.S. Service members to foreign legal action while acting in an offi-cial capacity. In those cases where a foreign government decides to exercise jurisdiction over a U.S. Service member, the Service member could be held in civil, or criminal, contempt should he or she refuse to appear or otherwise com-ply with the foreign court’s orders. If a U.S. Service member were to be sued in a foreign court, it would be up to the foreign court to decide whether classified or sen-sitive U.S. Government information would be required as part of the litigation process. This could put the United States in the posi-tion of choosing between the disclosure of classified or sensitive information. and sub-jecting a U.S. Service member to an adverse foreign court ruling. While any attempt to alleviate the above risks is commendable, increasing the burden of proof required to prevail in a civil matter would not alleviate the above concerns as victims may still file suit against a foreign state. If a foreign government enacted recip-rocal legislation, suits could be brought against the United States and may implicate U.S. Service members. While at the end of a trial such a suit may not prevail if the vic-tim is not able to meet a heightened stand-ard of proof—a heightened standard may not stop a suit from being filed. In such a situa-tion. Service members may be subpoenaed to appear in court and prevented from depart-ing the country. My concerns would only be hilly alleviated by legislation that restores the principle of sovereign immunity and protects U.S. Serv-ice members from reciprocal legislation that may subject them to the jurisdiction of a foreign court. Sincerely, JOSEPH F. D UNFORD , Jr., General, U.S. Marine Corps. 
STATEMENT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ASH C
ARTER , DECEMBER 7, 2016. I appreciate the opportunity to provide views on the potentially harmful con-sequences that the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA) may have on the United States, the Department of Defense, and Service members. As I stated in my testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Sep-tember 22, 2016, I agree with the intent of JASTA, which is to honor the families of 9/ 11 victims. However, the potential second- and third-order consequences of JASTA could be devastating to the Department and its Service members and could undermine our important counterterrorism efforts abroad. In general terms, JASTA allows lawsuits in U.S. Federal Courts against foreign states for actions taken abroad that are alleged to have contributed to acts of terrorism in the United States, notwithstanding longstanding principles of sovereign immunity. Under the law that existed before JASTA was enacted, similar lawsuits were available for actions only against designated state sponsors of terrorism. JASTA has extended the stripping of immunity to states that are not des-ignated sponsors of terrorism, potentially subjecting many of the United States’ allies and partner nations to litigation in U.S. courts. We have concerns that JASTA may cause foreign governments to enact legislation to create exceptions to immunity for conduct by the United States and its personnel. Such legislation may not directly mirror, and may be more expansive than, the exceptions cre-ated by JASTA. This is likely to increase our country’s vulnerability to lawsuits over-seas and to encourage foreign governments or their courts to exercise jurisdiction over the United States or U.S. officials in situa-tions in which we believe the United States is entitled to sovereign immunity. U.S. Serv-ice members stationed here and overseas, and especially those supporting our counter-terrorism efforts, would be vulnerable to pri-vate individuals’ accusations that their ac-tivities contributed to acts alleged to violate a foreign state’s law. Such lawsuits could re-late to actions taken by members of armed groups that received U.S. assistance or train-ing, or misuse of U.S. military equipment by foreign forces. The implications of JASTA are severe. I will highlight a few of them. First, whether the United States or our Service members have in fact provided sup-port for terrorist acts or aided organizations that later commit such acts in violation of foreign laws is irrelevant to whether we would be forced to defend against lawsuits by private litigants in foreign courts. Instead, the mere allegation of their involvement could subject them to a foreign court’s juris-diction and the accompanying litigation and intrusive discovery process that goes along with defending against such lawsuits. This could result in significant consequences even if the United States or our personnel were ultimately found not to be responsible for the alleged acts. For example, our service members might be required to testify about or provide documents on operations that they are obligated under U.S. law not to dis-close, exposing them to punishment for con-tempt by the foreign court, including impris-onment. Second, there would be a risk of sizeable monetary damage awards in such cases, which could lead to efforts to attach U.S. Government property to satisfy those awards. Given the broad range of U.S. activi-ties and significant presence around the world, including our Department’s foreign bases and facilities abroad, we would have numerous assets vulnerable to such at-tempts. Third, it is likely that litigants will seek sensitive government information in order to establish their case against a foreign state under JASTA in U.S. courts or against the United States or U.S. personnel in a foreign court. This could include classified intel-ligence data and analysis, as well as sen-sitive operational information. Furthermore, if the United States or U.S. personnel were to be sued in foreign courts, such information would likely be sought by foreign plaintiffs, and it would be up to the foreign court whether classified or sensitive U.S. Government information sought by the litigants would be protected from disclosure. Moreover, the classified information could well be vital for our defense against the ac-cusations. Disclosure could put the United States in the difficult position of choosing between revealing classified or otherwise sensitive information or suffering adverse rulings and potentially large damage awards for our refusal to do so, and could even result in the imprisonment of U.S. personnel for re-fusing an order of a foreign court to disclose such classified or sensitive information. Finally, foreign lawsuits will divert re-sources from mission crucial tasks; they could subject our servicemembers and civil-ians, as well as contractor personnel, to depositions, subpoenas for trial testimony, and other compulsory processes both here and abroad. Indeed, such personnel might be held in civil or even criminal contempt if they refused to appear or to divulge classi-fied or other sensitive information at the di-rection of a foreign court. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to pay attention to the most respected individuals in this country and pay attention to why they object, not to the entire bill but to the provisions that would, as Director Brennan said, cause the most damaging consequences for those U.S. Govern-ment officials who dutifully work over-seas on behalf of our country. The Director of the CIA said that the principle of sovereign immunity pro-tects U.S. officials every day and is rooted in reciprocity. If we fail to up-hold the standard for other countries, we place our own Nation’s officials in danger. No country has more to lose from undermining that principle than the United States. Mr. Brennan adds that few institutions would be at great-er risk than the CIA. I urge my colleagues not to abolish JASTA, but let’s fix it because the peo-ple we respect and admire the most and to whom we give the responsibilities to defend this Nation have unanimously argued that we need this fixed. I say to the President: I fear the pro-found consequences that may arise if we, with the best of intentions, do great, great damage to this Nation and its security. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues for their thought-ful and informed analysis of an impor-tant national security issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.064 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6904 December 8, 2016 
I ask unanimous consent to speak briefly, and I thank my colleague from Delaware for allowing me to do so. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JOHN GLENN  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise today on a sad occasion, and that is to talk about the loss of an American icon. He is a fellow Ohioan. He held this seat in the Senate. He is one of our true heroes, as an astronaut, fighter pilot, successful business person, Sen-ator, and later someone who helped young people throughout the State of Ohio by establishing his own school at Ohio State University. I am talking about John Glenn. We lost him today at age 95. I was watching some of the coverage on television about his career, and it focused a lot on his being the first to orbit the Earth on Friendship 7, a cap-sule you can see at the Air and Space Museum. It is not much bigger than two of these desks put together, but somehow he wedged himself in and did something heroic and important at the time. In a spaceflight competition with the Soviets, he was one who succeeded. What I didn’t hear too much about was his career before being a famous astronaut and that amazing flight that ended up with him addressing a joint session of Congress or what he did after that amazing feat. So I want to talk about that for a second and say that I appreciate that tomorrow my col-leagues will help me in joining to pay tribute to him through a Senate reso-lution. But prior to his being a famous astro-naut, he was a famous American hero in my mind because he was a fighter pilot who signed up after Pearl Harbor, the 75th anniversary of which we cele-brated this week. He flew 59 missions as a fighter pilot in World War II. He later flew about 90 missions in Korea. He was highly decorated as a fighter pilot. He then was a test pilot, and ac-tually he broke the transcontinental flight time record as a test pilot. Then he decided to join the astronaut corps. He was part of that group of friendship astronauts who became famous later as being called ‘‘The Right Stuff.’’ He was the right stuff. He then had a successful career in business. He decided he loved public service, and he wanted to be in the Senate. He won election to the Senate and was actually reelected with his-toric numbers in my home State of Ohio. I got to serve with him during part of his time here. I was in the House; he was in the Senate. We worked on projects together. He was on the same committee my colleague from Delaware was on, and both of them have chaired it, the Gov-ernmental Affairs Committee. He loved good government. One of his big issues was stopping unfunded Federal man-dates. I was the House sponsor on the Republican side; he was the Demo-cratic sponsor here. We ended up in the Rose Garden together for a ceremony. He was tenacious. This was, by the way, an issue that not all Democrats agreed with him on; yet he did what he felt was right in the name of good gov-ernment. We also worked on other projects to-gether, and I always found that his focus was on his State, the people he represented, and how to make their lives better. After his Senate career, he started a new project. It was called the Glenn School of Public Affairs at the Ohio State University. I had the honor of teaching there for a few years before running for the Senate. I was a co- teacher for four different courses and got to know John Glenn in an entirely different way. He asked me to join their advisory board, which I did join. I am still on the advisory board for now the Glenn College. Last year we elevated the school to a college. This was John Glenn’s greatest single ac-complishment in the latter years of his life—creating an institution where young people can go and be inspired to go into public service and given the tools to be able to succeed. He loved that school. He loved those students. He chaired a board meeting only last month. He did it with humor, as he al-ways did, and passion. One of his big issues he talked about last month was how he wanted to have a leadership institute to ensure that more young people could understand the importance of government service, which he felt was a noble under-taking—military service, government service, service for your country, serv-ice greater than yourself. We lost an American icon. He was also a man who loved his fam-ily. His wife, Annie Glenn—many of us here in this Chamber know her, and we love her because she is an amazing woman in her own right. For 73 years, they were married. They knew each other as little kids. They virtually grew up from the crib until now to-gether. Annie Glenn was at his side constantly. That relationship, their partnership, is an example for my wife Jane and me and for all of us here in this Chamber. Earlier this year, my staff and I had a retreat in Ohio. We brought all of our DC staff and Ohio staff together to talk about how to better serve our constitu-ents, how to define the mission. I asked John Glenn to come address that group. What a treat. Our staff had the opportunity to sit and talk to John Glenn about his career, but more im-portantly, to talk about his passion for public service. The mission he gave us was one of honor and respect and de-cency for our constituents and to serve the people. That was his life. John Glenn’s life story touches our hearts today, and his life story is also part of American history. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I just want to thank our colleague from Ohio for recalling the memory, the life of John Glenn and his wife Annie. I was privileged to know him. I am an Ohio State graduate, Navy ROTC. I am a re-tired Navy captain and a huge admirer of John Glenn and his bride. One of my fondest memories of them was at an Ohio State football game a few years ago. As the Senator from Ohio knows, one of the big attractions at an Ohio State football game at half-time is to script ‘‘Ohio,’’ where the band spells out the word ‘‘Ohio.’’ Usu-ally one of the tuba players kind of dances around for a while and then dots the ‘‘i.’’ So fans are used to that happening. On this particular occasion, no tuba player came forward to dot the ‘‘i,’’ but John Glenn and Annie went onto the field and dotted the ‘‘i,’’ to the amazement and delight of 100-and- some-thousand fans. Later on, they came up. I was up in the President’s box with President Gordon Gee. I am not sure; maybe my friend from Ohio was there as well. But what a joyous memory that was. He ran for President briefly too. I was pleased to support him. He didn’t stay in the race for long. I thought he was a great marine, great pilot, great astronaut, great Senator, and would have been a great leader for our coun-try. The last thing I will say is this. Who is it that said this? Maybe—Alan Simp-son, former Senator from Wyoming. He used to say this about integrity: If you have it, nothing else matters. If you don’t have it, nothing else matters. When you look up the word ‘‘integ-rity’’ in the dictionary—and ‘‘courage’’ as well—you see John Glenn’s picture. Thank you for your kind and wonder-ful words about John Glenn and Annie. Thanks for letting me say a few words as well. TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
Mr. President, I have been coming to the floor, as the Senator from Ohio knows, for months—a couple of years, actually. I come maybe once a month. The Presiding Officer and I serve to-gether, along with Senator P
ORTMAN , on a committee called Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. Part of our job is to do oversight over the De-partment of Homeland Security. I started doing something a couple of years ago. Instead of coming to the floor to talk about some controversy or things we disagree on with our col-leagues across the aisle, I came to the floor for a different purpose. I came to the floor in order to say thank you to some of the 240,000-some men and women who are part of the Department of Homeland Security, who work hard to help secure our country and make it safer in many ways. Over the last 4 years, I have been privileged to serve with our Presiding Officer and a number of others—Sen-ator P
ORTMAN and others—as the sen-ior Democrat on the Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs Com-mittee, first as chairman for a couple of years with Tom Coburn from Okla-homa as our ranking member and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.118 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6905 December 8, 2016 
the last 2 years as ranking member of the committee while R
ONJOHNSON has been our chairman. I am incredibly proud of the fact that our committee is filled with hard- working men and women, Democrats and Republicans, who work across the aisle and party lines to bolster our na-tional security and to help agencies and programs across government work better. We follow what I call the three C’s: Communicate. Compromise. Col-laborate. Those are things we do in Delaware, and on our committee I am happy to report that the three C’s hold forth as well. Serving as the senior Democrat on our committee has truly been one of the great honors of my 16 years in the Senate. During my time as chairman and ranking member, I have had lit-erally thousands of Department of Homeland Security employees—I have seen firsthand the exceptional work they do 240 hours a day—it probably feels that way—24 hours a day, 7 days a week across our country and even around the world. I am pictured here with some of them. They do extraor-dinary things that some of us don’t even know about. What we do is every week we come to the floor, and one of the best things you can do when people do great work is thank them. That is what I like to do. Since my first speech on this front a couple of years ago, I have come to the floor almost every month the Sen-ate has been in session just to say thanks to a lot of deserving individ-uals, to teams, even entire agencies at the Department of Homeland Security that are doing extraordinary work quietly, behind the scenes, without a lot of attention, to enable the Depart-ment to carry out its vital missions— actually its many vital missions. To everyone who has allowed me to share their stories with our colleagues here in Congress and the American peo-ple, thank you so much. To all of those folks at DHS who I have not had an op-portunity to talk about or any agency I have missed, I want you to know that the work you do every day makes a real difference and is truly appreciated. While some of your accomplishments are hard to measure, they are nonethe-less important. They are reflected in lives saved, tragedies prevented, and a sense of security that Americans feel as they go about their day. Across the Department of Homeland Security, there is so much good work going on each and every day that if I stood here every day for the next 2 years, I would have no shortage of re-markable public servants to highlight. As some of you may recall, the De-partment of Homeland Security em-ploys over 240,000 Americans doing ev-erything from securing our cyber net-work from cyber attacks, to guarding our ports of entry, to helping commu-nities recover from natural disasters. Their mission is one of the most di-verse and challenging, I think, of any agency, any department in the Federal Government. The diversity of the em-ployees I have highlighted these past many months is the best illustration of the challenges facing the Department of Homeland Security every day and facing our country every day. Last month, I highlighted a U.S. Se-cret Service officer named Codie Hughes, who patrols the White House grounds as a uniformed Secret Service officer, and also Special Agent Tate Jarrow, who protects Americans from cyber criminals and financial schemes that are designed to cheat those Amer-icans out of their hard-earned dollars. In January, I highlighted a fellow named Milo Booth who serves as the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’s tribal affairs officer, ensuring our Native American communities are pre-pared for natural disasters too. In September, I thanked Tito Her-nandez, who travels around this coun-try—and he does that about 9 months out of the year—in the aftermath of natural disasters to coordinate the sup-port of State and local officials as they work through some of the most trying situations. Last year, last July, I spoke of the Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate and the state-of-the-art research work being done by Dr. Michelle Colby and Jon McEntee, who are researching how to protect us against, among other things, emerging diseases, such as avian flu and foot-and-mouth disease, while helping the Department develop the technologies of tomorrow. This past July, I thanked LCDR Tiana Garrett and Ingrid Hope with the Office of Health Affairs for their work to prepare our border agents, doctors, medical professionals, and first re-sponders for the emerging threats posed by the Zika virus. From the Domestic Nuclear Detec-tion Office, which tracks radiological materials across our country, to the National Cybersecurity & Communica-tions Integration Center, which mon-itors cyber security attacks and co-ordinates Federal cyber security ef-forts with the private sector, the De-partment of Homeland Security is truly remarkable in its ability to work together as one cohesive unit to achieve its common mission. While it has not always been easy, the Department of Homeland Security has matured by leaps and bounds in order to become more than the sum of its parts in the 14 years since its cre-ation. The Department remains the youngest Cabinet-level agency in the Federal Government. It is also the third largest agency in our Federal Government, behind only the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. It was created by bringing together more than 22 dif-ferent Federal agencies. Let me say that again—22 agencies sort of glommed together a dozen or so years ago into one big Department, DHS. The sheer scope of the extraordinary challenge DHS and its employees face means that leadership across the De-partment is vital to the success of that organization, as it is to any other orga-nization but especially one this large and unwieldy. I have always said that the key to success for any organiza-tion, no matter what size, is leader-ship. Just like integrity—if you have it, nothing else matters; if you don’t have it, nothing else matters. 
SECRETARY JEH JOHNSON  
Thankfully, the Department of Homeland Security has been blessed with enlightened, committed leaders since its creation. I, for one, cannot begin to say enough about the leader-ship shown these past 3 years by DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson, pictured here on my left. Soon after being sworn in, Secretary Johnston immediately made clear that his highest priority would be manage-ment reform—he called it the Unity of Effort Initiative—intended to promote the coordination and cohesion through-out the Department. He also focused on employee engagement and the Depart-ment’s hiring practices. He wanted to make sure that the good work at the Department was not going unnoticed. Through his steady leadership, DHS has begun to slowly but surely turn— kind of like an aircraft carrier in the Navy—improving morale by 3 percent across the Department in the last year alone—the first increase in the Depart-ment I think in some 6 years. We are happy to see them bottom out and the improvement of the morale—the De-partment is heading in the right direc-tion again. Jeh Johnson and his team deserve a lot of credit for that. I think, frankly, so does our committee, the Homeland Security Committee, and the good work we have done to try to make sure there is a good leadership team in place at DHS and that we con-voy clearly our gratitude to those men and women who work there—240,000 of them. Being a change agent in the Federal Government can oftentimes be dif-ficult, but I am confident that Sec-retary Johnson’s dedication and his perseverance will make a lasting im-pact on the agency’s greatest assets— its dedicated employees. To Secretary Johnson, to his family, to his bride, I just want to say thank you for your extraordinary service. Every American is safer thanks to your leadership and your tireless efforts. Thank you, Jeh. 
ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS  
Until recently, Secretary Johnson’s right-hand man was a fellow named Alejandro Mayorkas, a native of Cuba who came here a long time ago with his family, on the run, if you will. I like to call him Ali; so do most other people. Ali recently stepped down as Deputy Secretary of the Department of Home-land Security—that is the No. 2 slot there—but for 7 years, including one- third or so as the No. 2 person, Ali was working tirelessly to improve the secu-rity of our Nation and improve the op-erations of the Department before he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.120 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6906 December 8, 2016 
became Deputy Secretary. In that role, he was instrumental in strengthening the Department’s cyber security poli-cies, as well as developing critical im-migration programs that cut down on fraud and helped promote economic growth. Ali was a dedicated and thoughtful leader. His impact on the Department will continue to be felt for years to come in streamlined DHS operations that allow employees to spend less time on paperwork and more time on protecting Americans. 
RUSS DEYO  
When Ali left the Department a month or two ago to return to the practice of law, the Department’s Under Secretary for Management, a fellow named Russ Deyo—rhymes with Rio—stepped in to fill his shoes. As Under Secretary for Management, Russ has proved to be an effective lead-er also. With a strong but quiet de-meanor, he is not afraid to make tough decisions. Russ has been responsible for over-seeing the Department’s efforts to get the Department off of GAO’s high-risk list. What is that? Well, the high-risk list is something the GAO puts out every other year. It is a high-risk list of wasting taxpayer money. DHS, as well as a lot of other agen-cies, has been on it for quite a while. Russ has made very clear, with the support of Jeh Johnson and Ali Mayorkas, that they want to get off of that list the best they can. I think one of the greatest accomplishments may have been overseeing the creation of employee satisfaction programs in each and every component. I think they also got a clean audit. I think the Department of Defense, which has been around since the late 1940s, has never gotten a clean financial audit. I think for each of the last 4 years, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has set a great example. It has gotten a clean fi-nancial audit. I wish to say if you can’t manage your finances, how do you expect to manage your whole department? That is just one aspect of the improvements being made. With this information, Secretary Johnson and his leadership team across the Department can ask every single DHS employee: How are we doing? How can we help? What can we do better? 
CRAIG FUGATE  
Another DHS leader whom we all ad-mire for his leadership and steady hand during some of those challenging times is the Administrator of FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy. His name is Craig Fugate and he hails from Florida. For the last 8 years, Administrator Fugate has admirably led Federal re-sponses and efforts through numerous disasters, including Superstorm Sandy, which landed a direct hit on the east coast, including a hit to my own State of Delaware. Throughout his tenure, Craig has used his whole community approach to strengthen our national resiliency and help millions get back on their feet after a disaster. I know I speak for countless Americans when I say: Craig, thank you for your dedica-tion to the mission of FEMA, for your years of leadership to our country, and the leadership you provided for a very good team across America. PETER NEFFENGER  
At the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, affectionately called TSA, retired Coast Guard VADM Peter Neffenger has helped his agency re-spond quickly and effectively to a his-toric surge in airline travel and navi-gate some of the busiest travel days in American history. Last month, over the course of just 7 days, TSA helped 16.5 million Americans travel safely to visit family and friends over the Thanksgiving holiday. His continued efforts to innovate while ensuring uni-form training for all TSA officers—we call them TSOs—have streamlined se-curity screening at our airports and ports of entry without compromising passenger security. The millions of Americans who travel through our air-ports each week are measurably safer, thanks to Vice Admiral Neffenger’s service and that of the men and women he leads. I just wish to say about the folks at TSA that whenever I go through air-port security, I always thank them. I tell them who I am, tell them who the Senator is—the junior Senator from Nebraska—and tell them how much we appreciate the work they do. When you see people doing a good job, when you are going through an airport, just take a minute and thank these folks. Thank these men and women. It goes a long way. They have had a very tough job because over the course of Thanks-giving weekend, they had 16.5 million people trying to get through security— actually, get to the airport, get their families packed up, in their vehicles, cab, Uber, or a transit bus, and try to get to the airport, get a place to park, get through security, get on a plane— make their plane. For the folks at TSA, their job is to make sure that nobody with malintent gets through security. You have all these people trying to get through as fast as they can, get on their plane, and get going. Then you have folks at TSA who are trying to make sure that nothing tragic happens in the mean-time. That is a tough job. It is a tough job, and I urge you to give them a little bit of love and thank them for what they are doing from time to time. Every time I speak on the floor about TSA, I encourage people to say thank you, and I have just done it one more time. Our Nation is truly fortunate to have the Department of Homeland Security we have today. The few men I men-tioned just now are the tip of the ice-berg when it comes to truly great pub-lic servants at the helm of DHS. There are many more. A number of them are charged with organizations that work behind the scenes, quietly accom-plishing their missions so that the rest of us can go about our lives uninter-rupted every day. SUZANNE SPALDING AND PHYLLIS SCHNECK  
At something called the National Protection and Programs Directorate, Under Secretary Suzanne Spalding works with her great team to protect our Nation from ever-evolving cyber attacks. Her diligent team includes her deputy at the Directorate, Deputy Under Secretary Phyllis Schneck. I kid her. She is from Georgia Tech. I call her ‘‘Ramblin Wreck’’—Phyllis Schneck, the Ramblin Wreck from Georgia Tech. She is a dynamo. She left the private sector where she was making a lot of money to come to serve her country and help lead the cyber security efforts of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
JOSEPH CLANCY  
Also over at the Secret Service, we have a Director named Joe Clancy, who leads an organization of men and women who performed flawlessly as the agency has protected dozens of officials during the recent election season. 
KATHY BRINSFIELD  
Over in the Office of Health Affairs, Chief Medical Officer Kathy Brinsfield leads some of the best and brightest scientists in the world in their cutting research into emerging diseases. 
REGGIE BROTHERS  
At the Science and Technology Di-rectorate, Reggie Brothers has led ef-forts across the Department to make smart investments in research and de-velopment for DHS and their State and local partners. To all of you and to your agencies, again, a big thank you. These are just a few of the incredible leaders at the Department of Homeland Security, just a few. 
SARAH SALDANA , GIL KERLIKOWSKE , LEON  
RODRIGUEZ , ADMIRAL PAUL ZUKUNFT  
There are so many more who deserve our thanks for steady leadership, lead-ers such as Sarah Saldana, who leads Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, known as ICE. Gil Kerlikowske at Customs and Bor-der Protection is a terrific leader. Leon Rodriguez—I call him ‘‘Leon Red Bone’’—is director of U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services. We have the commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard, ADM Paul Zukunft, whom everyone understandably simply calls ‘‘Admiral Z.’’ We say a very big thank you to all of you for your service and the hard work of those across your agencies. A retired Navy captain salutes the Coast Guard. After 4 years as the lead Democrat on the Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee, having met thousands of DHS employees, I believe our country is in many more ways more secure today than it was yester-day. However, given the evolving na-ture of the threats we face, this is not the time to spike the football; this is not the time to become complacent. We need to remain vigilant, continue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.121 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6907 December 8, 2016 
to work smarter, and continue to work harder. With that thought in mind, I close by expressing the gratitude of all Ameri-cans to the Presiding Officer and to ev-eryone at the Department of Homeland Security. I wish you and your families a very merry Christmas and a joyous holiday, as well as a more peaceful New Year for all of us. Keep up the good work. We are proud of you. Stay safe. God bless you all. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, my friend the Senator from Delaware has spoken very eloquently about the need to say thank you to our Members who work within TSA. I wish to speak in terms of members of the Armed Forces and to remind the people of America that we are free and we will be able to enjoy a very precious holiday season coming up because the men and women who wear that uniform are on the frontlines. It is their families who are making that sacrifice as they are away from home. We should keep all of them in our prayers and remember to say thank you to their families for the sac-rifices they have made. Thank you to the men and women on the frontlines who keep us safe. With that, as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I am pleased that we came together once again to pass the National Defense Au-thorization Act, a vital piece of legisla-tion. It is a testament to the leadership of the chairmen and ranking members in the House and Senate that Members on both sides of the aisle have contin-ued to work together to pass the NDAA again this year, and I thank them for their leadership. It is important to continue this 55- year-plus tradition of passing the NDAA to show our troops and their families that they have our full sup-port. As in years past, this year’s NDAA includes policies to support our wounded warriors, our troops, and their families. It also provides our military with the tools needed to combat our enemies around the globe. However, it is also the most signifi-cant defense reform legislation in dec-ades. An example is its significant pro-visions to reform how the Department of Defense acquires new weapons. Given that the No. 1 responsibility of the Federal Government is the defense of our Nation to keep Americans safe, it is reassuring that Congress has con-tinued to pass the NDAA every year for over half a century. To many Americans and even Mem-bers of Congress, the most visible man-ifestation of our NDAA is our combat vehicles, ships, and combat aircraft that have, with our outstanding serv-icemembers, made our Armed Forces second to none. Less visible are things such as training, maintenance, and adequate munitions, without which success on the battlefield would be in doubt. I am pleased that this year’s NDAA adequately authorizes funds for the DOD’s operations and maintenance ac-count, which provides the dollars for these vital but less visible functions. The NDAA also stops the Department of Defense’s proposed drawdown of an additional 15,000 soldiers, 2,000 marines, and approximately 4,000 airmen for fis-cal year 2017. Additionally, it addresses munitions shortfalls and provides funds for depot maintenance and facilities sustainment. Importantly, it does not require women to register for the Selective Service and does not contain TRICARE prescription drug co-pay increases, both of which have been of concern to me and many other South Dakotans. I am pleased it includes a number of provisions which I offered to address the serious cyber threat our Nation faces. One of those requires the Presi-dent to define when an act in cyber space requires a military response. An-other requires training for DOD hiring officials on how to use the special au-thorities Congress gave them to expe-dite the hiring of cyber security profes-sionals and pay these civilian employ-ees more than what is normally au-thorized for civil service. I am also pleased that the conference report includes my mental health measure requiring the Department of Defense to more carefully monitor pre-scriptions dispensed at military treat-ment facilities for the treatment of PTSD. I join my colleagues in urging the President to continue the decades-long tradition of signing the NDAA into law. While we champion this year’s bill, the most significant defense re-form legislation in decades, we must extend our view beyond fiscal year 2017. For the past 2 years, I have served as a member of the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee, bearing witness to po-tential challenges that could threaten our national security if we do not ad-dress them now, including arbitrary budget caps. These arbitrary budget caps have forced the kinds of false choices that are potentially so dev-astating for our Armed Forces. In par-ticular, we must avoid the false choice of paying for readiness while assuming risk for modernization or vice versa. The American people expect us to adequately defend America next year and for every year to come. Job one in that regard is to remove the arbitrary budget caps and the threat of seques-tration. Only by doing so can Congress fulfill its No. 1 responsibility—keeping Americans safe. In closing, I thank Chairman M
CCAIN, Ranking Member R EED, my Armed Services Committee colleagues, and all of our staffs for the great legis-lation we had the honor to vote for today. I yield the floor. Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I would like to associate myself with the objec-tions raised by my colleague from Ari-zona, Senator JEFFFLAKE , concerning the 2016 Water Resources Development Act, WRDA, conference agreement. I must express my dissatisfaction with the WRDA conference agreement. While I applaud the hard work by the conferees to advance a number of worthwhile flood control projects— some of which are located in my home State of Arizona—my objection centers around the inclusion of a massive drought relief package for California at the expense of drought priorities for Arizona. For the past 2 years, Senator F
LAKE  and I have been negotiating with the committees of jurisdiction and certain offices of the California delegation to ensure that any drought legislation that comes to the Senate floor would be applicable to all Western States. We won provisions in the Senate-passed WRDA bill and the energy bill to expe-dite salt cedar removal and increase storage capacity for reservoirs across the West. Unfortunately, our WRDA provisions have been stripped by the conferees. I cannot support a drought package that is overly California-centric while my home State and other Western States are also suffering under an op-pressive 16-year drought. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS IN EGYPT Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have visited Egypt many times, and I have voted for billions of dollars in U.S. as-sistance for Egypt to support economic and security programs in that country. I have recognized positive develop-ments in Egypt when they occur, such as the recent decision by the govern-ment to undertake economic reforms, including by reducing some subsidies. I also recognize the security chal-lenges Egypt faces from instability and violence in Libya and in the Sinai. The U.S. has an interest in helping Egypt confront these challenges by address-ing the underlying causes in a manner that is consistent with international law. Today I want to speak briefly about the Egyptian Parliament’s recent pas-sage of a restrictive new law on non-governmental organizations, NGOs, that would effectively cripple Egypt’s civil society for years to come. Rather than sign this legislation, I hope Presi-dent Sisi calls for a new version to be drafted in cooperation with inde-pendent NGOs. If President Sisi does sign this law, it will be yet another step in the wrong direction by a gov-ernment that professes to be making progress on civil and human rights when the facts indicate otherwise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.123 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6908 December 8, 2016 
Such a development would be further evidence of the need to strengthen ex-isting democratic and human rights conditions on U.S. aid for Egypt. According to information I have re-ceived, the law passed by parliament on November 29 would place all NGOs in Egypt, both local and foreign, under the supervision and control of a com-mittee that would be dominated by representatives of the Defense, Inte-rior, and Justice Ministries, as well as the General Intelligence Service, the country’s top spy agency. Among other things, the law would criminalize work that harms ‘‘national security, na-tional unity, public morals or public order’’ but leaves those terms unde-fined, allowing the authorities to bring such charges against any group they choose. Anyone convicted of violating the law would face sentences of up to 5 years in prison and a fine of up to $56,000. The proposed law comes at a time when independent voices in Egypt are facing an existential crisis. Instead of passing a new NGO law that would allow both domestic and international groups to operate without burdensome restrictions, the Egyptian authorities have escalated their crackdown on independent NGOs, particularly against groups that focus on human rights, the rule of law, and democratic norms. Over the past year, a court has frozen the assets of human rights groups and the personal assets of human rights de-fenders. At least 15 NGO founders, lead-ers, or staff—many from prominent groups—have been banned from leaving the country. An investigation into the foreign funding of dozens of local NGOs could result in criminal charges car-rying sentences of up to 25 years in prison. This pattern of harassment and arrests is not a new phenomenon. It has been happening for years, and, con-trary to representations of Egyptian officials, it is getting worse. I urge the Egyptian authorities to adhere to their constitution, and the pledges they have made in inter-national fora such as the United Na-tions Human Rights Council, by guar-anteeing freedom of expression and as-sociation. I urge President Sisi to re-ject this draconian legislation. I also want to reiterate what I said in this chamber on September 27, 2016, when I spoke about Aya Hijazi, a young Egyptian American social worker cur-rently being detained in Egypt. Ms. Hijazi, along with her Egyptian husband and five employees of their NGO Belady, has been accused of sala-cious crimes—accusations that the government has yet to corroborate with credible evidence in a court of law. Ms. Hijazi has been jailed and de-nied due process since May 21, 2014. She and the other defendants should be re-leased immediately or provided a fair, public trial so they can defend them-selves. REMEMBERING DAVID BUDBILL Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Vermont is saddened by the death of the poet David Budbill, whose poetry celebrated the simple pleasures of life in Vermont and highlighted the lives of working Vermonters. He died on Sept 25, at the age of 76. In the State that gave the world Rob-ert Frost, Vermonters know and love our authentic poets. Through David Budbill’s 10 books of poetry, 7 plays, an opera libretto, 2 children’s books, and many public performances and read-ings, he became the most widely known and loved Vermont poet since Robert Frost. He was born in Cleveland, OH, in 1940, and after attending Union Theological Seminary in New York City and teach-ing at Lincoln University in Pennsyl-vania, he moved to Vermont—to Wol-cott—in 1969. He then learned to use a chainsaw and worked in the woods to make a liv-ing, while also writing poems about the people he met and about his experi-ences there. His first book of poems, ‘‘The Chain Saw Dance,’’ was published in 1976. Other poems and books of poems fol-lowed, and David gradually created a fictionalized version of his own com-munity, which he called Judevine—a place where rough-hewn loggers, saw-yers, farm wives, gas station attend-ants, and shattered Vietnam veterans struggled to make a living amid the rugged beauty of rural Vermont. That material was later shaped into a play, also entitled Judevine, which was wide-ly produced, both in Vermont and na-tionally. Then in the 1990s, Budbill’s focus deepened. He began writing poems about his own life in Walcott, thinly disguising himself as ‘‘Judevine Moun-tain,’’ an old Chinese sage, who some-how was settled on a nearby Vermont hillside. He wrote with the spareness, directness and clarity of the ancient Asian poets he admired. One short ex-ample is ‘‘What Issa Heard.’’ Issa is an 18th century Japanese haiku poet. Here is what David wrote: 
‘‘WHATISSAHEARD ’’ Two hundred years ago Issa heard the morn-ing birds singing sutras to this suffering world. I heard them too, this morning, which must mean, since we will always have a suffering world, we must also always have a song. 
David wrote poetry and plays that tapped into and expressed the essence of northern Vermont, and he plumbed these subjects so deeply that they be-came universal through his pen. His rural characters, Antoine, Grace, Tommy, and others, are quintessential Vermonters, but they are also vivid human beings with the same sorts of hopes, fears, triumphs, and disappoint-ments that we all experience. Simi-larly, his ‘‘Judevine Mountain’’ poems were expressions of his own life, but they continue to resonate deeply with the lives of everyone who has read and loved his poems. In short, David Budbill’s poetry and plays accurately, meaningfully and profoundly depict rural Vermont—his place, that is also our place. They have a universality that have and will en-rich lives in Vermont and in the larger world forever. f 
TRIBUTE TO HENRY JARECKI Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Henry and Gloria Jarecki are two of my long-est and best friends. I speak, of course, both because of our personal friend-ship, but also of their efforts with the important Scholar Rescue Fund, a pro-gram designed to provide fellowships for scholars whose are persecuted or threatened at home for the important work they do. This commitment is es-pecially poignant, when considering that, as a child, Henry fled the Holo-caust in Germany, ultimately settling in the United States. Both Henry and Gloria have worked to bring about recognition and under-standing of people of different races, religions, and cultures. To me, Henry has been more than just a friend. He has been a mentor and a confidant. Some of the happiest times for Marcelle and me have been with Henry and Gloria. Dr. Henry Jarecki recently received the Order of Merit, Officer’s Cross, in Heidelberg, Germany. The Order of Merit is the only federal decoration in the Federal Republic of Germany. This high honor is befitting not only of Henry’s history, but of his long dedica-tion to promoting the simple but some-times difficult principles of freedom and liberty. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of Dr. Henry Jarecki’s moving remarks upon receiv-ing this prestigious honor be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DR. HENRY JARECKI : ACCEPTANCE OF ORDER  
OFMERIT, OFFICER ’SCROSS—NOVEMBER 17, 2016 
OPENING THANKS  It is a great honor to receive this award from the President of the Federal Republic of Germany, Joachim Gauck, a leader hon-ored by Germany for transforming his expe-riences with totalitarianism into support for freedom, human rights, and democracy. Thank you, Minister Bauer and Mayor Wu¨rzner, for presenting it to me. Thanks also to Rektor Eitel for his thoughtful wel-come. Let me also thank two special individ-uals who have played a prominent role in this award: the former Consul General of Germany to New York, Busso von Alvensleben, who is here with us tonight, and the current Consul General of Germany to New York, Brita Wagener. I am of course thrilled to have so many friends and members of my family here with me at this special event, including my sons Andrew, Tom, and Nick and my grandsons Alexander and Tyler. Most of all, I acknowl-edge my wife, Gloria. It was on this very day in 1957 that the lovely Gloria Friedland be-came my. wife After 59 years of marriage, I think she deserves her own award! 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.069 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6909 December 8, 2016 
SYMMETRY  This is a very personal moment for me. When I look at my life, I see that it has been defined by one thing: the desire to make un-ruly things symmetrical, to smooth over the bumps of life, and to identify and align the parts that do not fit. This is how I made sense of the events that first took me away from Germany and have now brought me back, accepting an award in this most distinguished Alte Aula. Over 75 years ago, I had to flee in fear from this very country that is now presenting me with this great honor. The Hitler regime had come to power less than three months before my birth, gaining strength by finding scape-goats for the troubles of the German people that were caused by World War I and the peace treaty, and from the ensuing inflation and depression. The Nazis alleged that the country’s defeat, hunger, and chaos were due to traitors and to Jews, whom they called foreigners despite the fact that they had been in Germany ever since the Romans drove them here in the 70th year of the Christian Era. My family, which could trace itself back for generations, was unwilling to believe that this land of Goethe and Heine could be governed by a nativist group of criminals: ‘‘Surely they can’t mean us,’’ my family said. But they did. We didn’t believe it until we had all been arrested and stripped of almost everything we owned. Only then did we flee, first to England and then to America. America wel-comed us, as it usually does welcome refu-gees, despite the occasional internal bigot. This rescue and welcome gave us the oppor-tunity to transform ourselves into hard- working patriots. The Nazis had forced us out of Germany but they couldn’t force the German out of us. We held on to our roots. We held on to some of the language, especially after we heard our parents lapse into German when telling each other secrets. ‘‘Aber nicht vor den Kindem.’’ Our father taught us skat and told us about Heidelberg, where he had studied before going to the front in the First World War. Unlike some of our fellow refugees, we made sense of what had happened not by re-jecting Germany but by re-engaging with it as soon as we possibly could. In fact, my brother and I returned to Heidelberg in 1951 to pursue the same medical studies as our fa-ther had. Doing so was our way of re-assuming our character as Germans. Philipp Schwartz, the Frankfurt professor of pathology who fled to Zurich in 1933 and rescued over 1,000 dis-missed German scholars, years later said of his work: ‘‘We committed ourselves to rep-resent the true spirit of the German nation to the world.’’ This re-engagement, which brought my past and present into alignment, is the rea-son for my award today. In seeking to make the different parts of my life fit, I have en-gaged actively with both the city of Heidel-berg and the city of New York. I have looked for ways to further strengthen the U.S.-Ger-many relationship. And I have felt perfectly at home in both places, perhaps, as my wife and closest friends would say, just a bit more exuberantly in Germany, like the eighteen- year-old I was when I found myself in my lost homeland. 
REFUGEES  My U.S.-German outlook, as well as my own personal experience as both a refugee and an academic, give me a unique perspec-tive on what is happening in Germany today and have brought me to a new initiative, about which I will tell you in a few minutes. Germany finds itself at the center of a new refugee crisis, and this time the country is courageously doing what it can to help. There were 60 million people displaced after the Second World War, 21/2% of the world’s then-prevailing population. Today, there are 65 million refugees among the world’s 7 bil-lion people, less than 1%. The proportion makes today’s situation sound better than it is, however. After World War II, most refu-gees were resettled within a few years. Today, a refugee’s average stay in a camp is over 15 years. During both times, refugees (we called our-selves ‘‘refs’’) remained controversial. Some people think of them only as weak, poor, and burdensome. Others think they are smart op-portunists or terrorists just waiting for the chance to become violent or, at the very least, take our jobs. We need an alternative narrative. I propose this: Germany’s new incoming refugees are smart, strong, ambitious, and young. Our support of them now will yield great results for Germany into the future. Throughout history, such refugee flows have always been with us. The world has in fact made the best of them; it has come to use them like an accelerated form of Dar-winian natural selection. Faced with the tur-moil and xenophobia that is a never-ending part of our flawed psyches and world, only the strongest and smartest, the most resil-ient and the hardest workers, are able to re- establish themselves. The philosopher Lin- Manuel Miranda, speaking of Alexander Hamilton, said it well: ‘‘Immigrants get the job done.’’ Their youth is part of their strength. Over two-thirds of them are below the age of 33. Germany’s rapidly aging population makes these migrants just the people Germany needs for its future. They are, moreover, am-bitious, smart, and anxious to learn. COMMITMENT TO HEIDELBERG  My own life serves as an example of the ac-celerated natural selection premise. As I mentioned before, Heidelberg readily welcomed me and my family and gave me an education that made me thrive. We have done what we could to reciprocate. Soon after he came to office, I asked the Mayor what I could do to express my gratitude. He suggested that I help to develop a dilapi-dated rail yard into a science campus that would attract talent from all over the world. Over the past few years and through the Max Jarecki Foundation, Tony and I have worked with a dedicated team to develop a whole new part of the city—the Bahnstadt. I thank Mayor Wu¨rzner, his chief of staff Ni-cole Huber, Giles Hemmings, who manages the Max Jarecki Foundation, Tobias Wellensiek, who is not only our legal advisor but also the son of my friend of 60 years Jobst Wellensiek, and city officials who have helped make our Bahnstadt project a re-ality—including Mr. Mevius, Mr. Dietz, and Mrs. Friedrich—for their help. The Bahrtstadt is one of the greenest develop-ments in this country, with full access to new technologies, and within minutes of Hei-delberg’s preeminent educational institu-tions. This project is a great example of Hei-delberg’s successful integration of tradition and innovation, science and business, the past and the future. As the British writer G.K. Chesterton said, ‘‘Tradition means not that the living are dead; it means that the dead come alive.’’ I am fortunate to have had an outstanding team facilitating our efforts. This team has been led by the talented Tony Detre, who took the ideas proposed by the Mayor and helped to make them a reality. I simply could not have done this work without him. Today, I would like to make several new commitments to the city and the university and to undertake a new partnership with the state. Earlier today, we dedicated a new cre-ativity-oriented adventure playground in the Emmertsgrund, a part of the city in which many families of modest means live, many of them from immigrant and refugee back-grounds. Just as Mayor Wu¨rzner repeatedly looks for new ways for us to help our city, Rektor Eitel finds new ways for us to collaborate in the development of the university. He start-ed by taking me to see the dilapidated Anat-omy building and asked me to help restore it. He now asks for help in refurbishing the University’s Max Weber House, an important part of Heidelberg’s recent intellectual his-tory. I point out to my many American guests that this university, my alma mater, founded in 1386, is the oldest university in Germany. It is indeed one of the oldest in the world. It, too, owes its existence to refugees: it was the Great Schism of 1378 that made it possible for Heidelberg, a small city at the time, to gain its own university. Two popes were elected that year—one in Avignon by the French, and one in Rome by the Italians. When Germany supported Rome and not France, German students and teachers in Paris were thrown out, becoming (yes, we see this again) academic refugees. This led to the founding of the university, bringing to full circle its willingness to take in today’s refugees. SCHOLAR RESCUE  This brings me quite neatly to my final topic of the evening: a scholar rescue part-nership I wish to create with the state of Baden-Wu¨rttemberg. My own scholar rescue work started in 2002. Drawing upon my own background as an academic and a former refugee, I joined together with several other trustees of New York’s Institute of International Education, or IIE, to form a new entity that would re-spond to what seemed like an ever-present need to rescue persecuted scholars. With IIE’s long history of this work in mind, and with the blessing of IIE’s President, Dr. Allan Goodman, who is here with us tonight, we formed the Scholar Rescue Fund. Over the past 14 years, IIE’s Scholar Res-cue Fund has saved the lives and work of nearly 700 professors from 56 countries, plac-ing them in over 350 safe haven universities in more than 40 countries around the world, including Germany. It was this work that led us, last year, to partner with the Philipp Schwartz Initiative, fostered by Foreign Minister Steinmeier and managed by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation with federal resources. I am pleased to see its Di-rector-General, Dr. Enno Aufderheide, and Director of Strategy, Dr. Barbara Sheldon, here with us tonight. This program enables German universities to host threatened scholars from around the world, thus further emphasizing Germany’s role and status as a safe haven country. As evidenced by the history of the Univer-sity of Heidelberg, this is a very old story. From the burning of the great library of Al-exandria, scholars have fled persecution to safe havens, bringing their knowledge and skills with them and greatly enriching aca-demic life in their new homes. The sack of Constantinople in the year 1204 caused its best scholars to flee from Turkey to Europe, and is said to have produced the European Renaissance. More recently, the U.S. bene-fitted greatly from scientists and scholars expelled by the Nazis, as did the Turkish higher education system, which was rebuilt in the 1930s and 1940s by over 1,000 German scholars. As collaborators of the Scholar Rescue Fund for the past 10 years, Jordan’s Prince Talal and Princess Ghida valiantly made their country into a safe haven for Iraqi scholars, welcoming hundreds of tal-ented academics into their universities. And now Germany has stepped up to help. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.055 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6910 December 8, 2016 
The need today is very great. Scholars around the world are facing fresh repression and conflict. More scholars are fleeing Iraq and Syria, a new crisis looms in Turkey, and increasing threats to academics have emerged in countries as diverse as Ban-gladesh and Ethiopia. Today, I would like to tell you about devel-oping a new partnership. Over the past few weeks, several colleagues and I have met with Theresia Bauer, Minister of Science, Research and Art for the state of Baden- Wu¨rttemberg, of which Heidelberg is a part. We have discussed an innovative idea to add to Germany’s current scholar rescue efforts by joining together SRF, private funds, and the state of Baden-Wu¨rttemberg. We are happy to have the Baden-Wu ¨rttemberg Stiftung as a partner who, with the Ministry, will support a new group of persecuted aca-demics to be placed specifically in this state. The supervisory board of the Baden- Wu¨rttemberg Stiftung just decided last week to join the program. I am happy to welcome the Executive Director, Christoph Dahl, today. While the details of such a unique multi- lateral partnership remain to be confirmed, and we all look forward to guidance from our friends at the Humboldt Foundation, I can say a few things. First, this very much fol-lows in the tradition of Baden-Wu ¨rttemberg, under Minister Bauer, showing leadership on such issues, most recently with a new pro-gram to provide scholarships to refugee stu-dents. Second, such a new program makes best use of SRF’s power to find and vet per-secuted academics from any country and every field. Third, it shows both the power and promise of private philanthropy to bring different groups together to find creative so-lutions to urgent problems. It is just this type of collaborative thinking that we need in our inter-connected world. What we see now as a refugee problem may well become an even greater deluge in the near future as climate change devastates ever more of our planet, and technology en-ables tyrants to maintain power more cru-elly. We live on a tiny ball spinning through a largely empty space. And if we don’t share this small world that we inhabit, it will be its end. Building walls is futile; equally bad, they put the people on each side into prisons, no matter how prettily they are wall-pa-pered. We in the so-called first world are, with our ferocious energy consumption, deeply implicated in the changes we see today, and the greater ones we will see tomorrow. More and more people will come to us, dragging their young children across the seas and the mountains to come to a place they don’t know a continent away. We should feel deep-ly honored, but we must live up to it. If we don’t, the liberties they hope we have will be lost to us all. ‘‘Giess Wasser zur Suppe und heiss alle willkommen’’ (‘‘Add water to the soup and make everyone welcome’’) is an old German folk saying. Those ancestors well understood that a meal cannot be enjoyed, a peace not maintained, and one’s own not protected without sharing and compromise. It is a bit of German folk wisdom that has survived all imperializing regimes and their detriments. Once again, I thank you for the great honor of this award and commit myself, in the spirit of true and authentic partnership, to do this critical and urgent work together. f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT PAQUIN Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Robert Paquin is retiring after 40 years work-ing as a dedicated public servant in Vermont and on Capitol Hill in Wash-ington. Bob has committed his entire career to making the Federal Govern-ment a positive force in the lives of in-dividuals and communities. He has ac-complished much, particularly on be-half of our State of Vermont. Bob, as Marcelle and I have always known him, was my longest serving staff member and is among the longest serving personal staff members in U.S. Senate history. He began in my Wash-ington office in 1977 and then moved to Vermont to serve as one of my out-standing field representatives. He ended his congressional staff service 32 years later, in 2009, to take a leader-ship role at the U.S. Department of Ag-riculture, USDA, in the Obama admin-istration. On my staff in Washington, Bob worked on defense, foreign policy, and appropriations, and in Vermont, he supported my work on agriculture, conservation, energy, and environ-mental protection. He also helped to manage my Vermont offices and pro-vided constituent services to countless Vermonters. Bob brought Vermont values on con-servation, sustainable and organic ag-riculture, dairy, and rural development to my work on many farm bills, affect-ing national agricultural practices, policy, and economics to this day. Bob also helped to develop the Lake Champlain Special Designation Act of 1990, worked on its reauthorization in 2001, and supported my efforts every year to maintain sufficient Federal support for the Lake Champlain clean-up efforts. He worked day in and day out to nurture and grow important partner organizations in Vermont, in-cluding the Lake Champlain Basin Pro-gram, Lake Champlain Sea Grant, the Leahy Center for Lake Champlain, the Lake Champlain sea lamprey control program, and many more that have helped to leverage Federal investments in conservation and the cleanup of Lake Champlain. I strongly believe that land conserva-tion is an important part of the herit-age of every Vermonter. Bob worked on the ground to help establish the Marsh- Billings-Rockefeller National Histor-ical Park, the Nulhegan/Conte National Wildlife Refuge and the Upper Missisquoi and Trout National Wild and Scenic Rivers. He also helped me as I fought for the addition of more than 100,000 acres to the Green Moun-tain National Forest, protection of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and establishment and expansion of eight Federal wilderness areas in Vermont. He also worked on the delivery of Cap-itol Christmas trees from Vermont’s Green Mountain National Forest to Washington, DC. Time does not allow me to catalogue all of Bob’s accomplishments while on my staff, but his greatest impact may have been his simple and honest inter-actions in helping thousands of Vermont constituents with problems and requests over so many years. Bob is known for his troubleshooting and advocacy for Vermonters in every cor-ner of the State. In 2009, I gave my highest rec-ommendation to the incoming adminis-tration of President Obama for Bob to be appointed as executive director of the Farm Service Agency in Vermont. Bob has distinguished himself in that role—helping Vermont farmers recov-ering from Tropical Storm Irene, im-plementing new programs under the 2014 farm bill, assisting new Americans from the refugee community to start farms, supporting our dairy farmers through tough times, and nurturing his dedicated USDA staff across Vermont. Robert Paquin has been a truly ex-ceptional and dedicated public servant for Vermont and the Nation for four decades. I will continue to seek his ad-vice, and Marcelle and I wish him and his wife, Theresa, all the best in the fu-ture. f 
TRIBUTES TO HARRY REID Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, as a young man growing up in Searchlight, Nevada, H
ARRY REIDwas an accom-plished amateur boxer. During his 30 years of service in this Chamber, Sen-ator R
EIDhas demonstrated time and again the qualities of skill, hard work, and determination that he learned in the ring all those years ago. Prior to joining the Senate in 1987, Senator R
EIDestablished a deep com-mitment to public service in the House of Representatives and in State and local offices. And before that, he served Congress and supported his young fam-ily working nights as a Capitol police officer while attending law school at George Washington University. As a Senate leader, serving as Democratic whip, majority leader, and, currently, Democratic leader, he has been a for-midable advocate for his caucus. In the Senate, Senator R
EIDhas been a passionate voice for education, envi-ronmental protection, health care, and renewable energy. His commitment to those who serve our Nation in uniform is evident through his support for mili-tary readiness and for our veterans. The great Jack Dempsey defined a champion as ‘‘someone who gets up when he can’t.’’ In his many years of service to the people of Nevada and to our nation, Senator H
ARRY REIDhas proven himself to be a fighter who al-ways answers the bell. I wish him and his wife, Landra, health and happiness for many more years to come. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I have had the honor and privilege of serving with H
ARRY REIDfor all of my 16 years in the Senate. He has been a resolute leader for our Caucus, a fearless legis-lator who has brought landmark legis-lation to the floor and a tireless advo-cate for Nevadans and all Americans. More importantly, I am proud to call H
ARRY a friend. We all know the story of H
ARRY ’s journey to elected office from that small mining town in Nevada. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.056 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6911 December 8, 2016 
humble way he grew up inspired him to help others who faced similar hardships his family had faced. He carried that perspective with him from Searchlight, NV, to the halls of the Capitol, where he became a champion for causes meant to improve the lives of all Americans. H
ARRY is a fighter. That has been said by so many of his friends and col-leagues over the years, and it is truer of him than almost anyone I have ever worked with. That title, of course, has more than one meaning for H
ARRY . His years of amateur boxing taught him strategy and relentless willpower in the face of his opponents. His years in the Senate have been no different. He has had to fight for historical legisla-tion in an increasingly vitriolic polit-ical climate, things like the Affordable Care Act and the stimulus bill, legisla-tion that gave millions of Americans hope for their futures. H
ARRY has also been a very powerful ally for me and my fellow Floridians, specifically in the fight to protect the State’s fragile environment. He has al-ways been right there with me in push-ing for Everglades funding and vigor-ously defended our coastline from drill-ing proposals that threatened Florida’s economy and unique environment. His leadership has been a source of guidance and great strength for me during my time in the Senate. I am honored to have served with him and wish him and his family well in his re-tirement. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the many accomplishments of my friend, Senator H
ARRY REID, my colleague from Nevada, during his sto-ried career in the U.S. Senate. Growing up in a modest household without an indoor bathroom, hot water, or a telephone, H
ARRY learned the values of family, faith, and edu-cation. H
ARRY understood that it is the most vulnerable in society that need the strongest champions, someone to fight for them. H
ARRY ’s service to the people of Ne-vada began long before he came to Con-gress. After attending law school at George Washington University, Leader R
EIDreturned home and served as Hen-derson’s City Attorney. At the age of 28, he was elected to the Nevada State Assembly. Two years later, Leader R
EIDbecame the youngest Lieutenant Governor in Nevada history. H
ARRY ex-perienced political losses early in his career, but he never let that hold him back. After 5 years as chairman of the Nevada Gaming Commission, H
ARRY  won election to the U.S. House in 1982. He served two terms before winning his first U.S. Senate race in 1986. H
ARRY ’s stint as an amateur boxer taught him to never back down from a fight, no matter how big. Throughout his Senate career, the people of Nevada have been able to count on H
ARRY to fight for them. He has spearheaded investments in clean energy, established Nevada’s first national park, Great Basin National Park, and led passage of the Post–9/11 G.I. Bill of Rights. As majority leader, he shepherded landmark legislation through the Sen-ate—The Affordable Care Act, Wall Street Reform, the Recovery Act, and many more. Despite the powerful inter-ests lining up to defeat these efforts, HARRY didn’t back down. He worked hard and got things done. As a result, millions of Americans have health care. We have fought our way back from the Great Recession of 2008. Consumers now have more protection against pow-erful companies. It is fair to say, H
ARRY ’s leadership has improved our country and our families’ lives. Today I want to focus on a few issues where I was particularly proud to have worked with him. Leader R
EIDhas been a longtime champion for the Filipino World War II Veterans. This group of over 260,000 Filipino veterans answered President Roosevelt’s call during World War II and fought heroically under the U.S. flag. Unfortunately, they have had to endure another fight over the course of seven decades—the fight for the rec-ognition and benefits they were prom-ised. Leader R
EIDhas been at the fore-front of this fight. He has helped secure compensation from the Department of Veterans Affairs. We have worked to-gether to reunify the remaining vet-erans with their children. And just last week, the House passed and sent the President my legislation awarding Fili-pino World War II veterans the Con-gressional Gold Medal, the highest ci-vilian honor Congress can bestow. Leader R
EIDwas instrumental in get-ting this bill through the Senate, and I deeply appreciate his support. Nevada is home to a vibrant Filipino- American community. Leader R
EIDis deeply familiar with the experiences and struggles of Filipino veterans and their families. He worked with Ha-waii’s late Senator Dan Inouye to cre-ate the Filipino Veterans Equity Com-pensation Fund within the VA in 2009. The fund’s creation was a significant step forward in recognizing the dedi-cated service and sacrifice of these vet-erans. I was proud to have Leader R
EID join me in our successful effort to se-cure appropriations language prohib-iting any attempts to direct these funds to other programs. This past May, the Obama adminis-tration finalized a parole program that would allow family members of Fili-pino World War II veterans to come to the United States to be reunited with their aging parents and siblings. These veterans had already waited decades to be reunited with their children in the Philippines. Speaking at my press conference an-nouncing the program, H
ARRY honored the veterans’ sacrifice saying, ‘‘in those islands where MacArthur left, the Filipinos were left there with some of our troops and they fought valiantly and were not recognized.’’ Finally, I want to highlight Leader R
EID’s work on immigration. In 2009, while campaigning in Nevada, a young woman named Astrid Silva slipped a note to HARRY . Astrid was brought to the United States when she was 4 years old. Unable to work legally, Astrid babysat to earn money. She excelled at school but feared deportation if she ap-plied to college. In the following years, Astrid and H
ARRY corresponded, and he learned of the hopes, dreams, and struggles of the DREAMers. In a 2013 interview hours before the Senate passed comprehensive immigra-tion reform, H
ARRY said, ‘‘This is why I did this . . . because of some things she said.’’ Later, when speaking on the floor be-fore the vote, H
ARRY said, ‘‘I appre-ciate every one of those letters she sent me, because each was a reminder of what is at stake in this debate.’’ A testament to H
ARRY ’s character, even while serving in one of the most power-ful roles in Washington, H
ARRY never forgot who he was fighting for. Aloha, H
ARRY . As we say in Hawaii, a hui hou, ‘‘until we meet again.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA BOXER Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about my longtime friend and colleague B
ARBARA BOXER , who is retiring from this body along with me this year. Senator B
OXER will be remembered as an inspiration to young women across our country. Her career is a textbook of how to get involved in pub-lic service. Starting at the local level, she came out of the antiwar movement and got involved in the environmental movement and local causes. Taking lessons from grassroots organizing, she ran for the Marin County Board of Su-pervisors. She lost that first race, but she didn’t give up. She ran again and won and became the first female chair. Eventually, she made her way to the U.S. House of Representatives. Along the way, she heard a lot of ‘‘no,’’ but always turned it into a ‘‘yes.’’ She never quit, never lost faith in herself, and never stopped trying. When it looked like the accusations of Anita Hill would be swept under the rug, I spoke out in the Senate against it, but I was only one female voice. B
ARBARA BOXER came to my aid. Even though she was in the House, she led a troop of fierce House women running up the steps to the Senate to face down the Judiciary Committee and demand they shed light on the accusations of sexual harassment. B
ARBARA had the crack team of E
LEANOR HOLMES NOR-
TON, Pat Schroeder, L OUISE SLAUGH -
TER, NITALOWEY , Jolene Unsoeld, and Patsy Mink to back her up. They mar-shalled the press and marched right up these steps. They knocked on the door and were going to be turned away be-cause they weren’t Senators. But they pointed to that group of photographers and said, We are going to tell them that you turned us away, what do you think will happen then? So they were let in and made their case. Those Sen-ators couldn’t face the calculation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.071 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6912 December 8, 2016 
fury of B ARBARA BOXER and the House women, and those hearings were con-vened. The Anita Hill hearings made an indelible mark on this country. It really woke America up as to what was going on in the workplaces around the country for women and how little representation women really got in Congress. Watching that all-male Judi-ciary Committee tear into Professor Hill for daring to accuse her boss of sexual harassment, the women of America took action and elected B
AR-
BARA BOXER , DIANNE FEINSTEIN , Carol Mosely Braun, and P
ATTY MURRAY to the U.S. Senate. I was thrilled when B
ARBARA came to me thinking about running for the Sen-ate. I told her it was the perfect time: she can do more in the Senate and be heard in the Senate. I said would be worth the fight to get her here with me, even if just to have someone I could see eye-to-eye with on a daily basis. B
ARBARA even started an exercise program in the House when we were there together. She showed up in color-ful leotards, and Geraldine Ferraro came looking like a photo op for Van-ity Fair, and Olympia Snowe wore this gorgeous outfit. I show up, chunky yet funky, and the instructor is yelling, ‘‘Go for the burn! Put your hands on your waist and bend, bend, bend!’’ And I turned to B
ARBARA and said, ‘‘If I had a waist, I wouldn’t be here.’’ Well, those exercise classes may not have lasted long for me, but her energy just couldn’t be beat. Her zip and zest is pure California sunshine, and Californians have more sunshine in their spirit because of her work. Her energy has brought light to California and light to the sometimes dreary Capitol hallways. I am going to miss my good friend and irreplaceable political partner. Democrats have had a lot of tough fights over the last 25 years, and the two B
ARBARA s have always been there, side by side. We voted against the war in Iraq, both believing it was a mis-take. We were in the minority, but both of us still believe it was one of the best votes we have ever taken as Sen-ators. We stood up for what we believed in and what we thought was right— which is exactly what our constituents sent us here to do. B
ARBARA BOXER has been there for our children, leading the way for after school programs and making sure they are kept safe. She has fought against wasteful spending in the Pentagon—the $400 hammer and the $7,000 coffee pot. She has defended women’s right to choose and protected women against domestic violence. She has held the feet of polluters to the fire as the champion of clean air, clean water, and our natural resources. It is too hard to pinpoint just one thing the Senate will miss about her: her political prowess, her dedication and determination, her undying loyalty and friendship. All of those and more will be missed. As we end this session of Congress and our careers in the Senate, I wish BARBARA and her husband, Stewart, many happy days ahead as they start writing this new chapter in their lives. Even if we are on opposite sides of the country, I know I will always have a friend in California. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK KIRK Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, on Jan-uary 3, 2013, Senator M
ARK KIRK climbed the 45 steps to the U.S. Cap-itol, triumphantly returning to work after a year of intensive recovery from a stroke. To the cheers of colleagues and friends, he called it one of the greatest moments of his life. It was a moment of courage and de-termination that defined a life dedi-cated to serving the people of Illinois and of our Nation. From his service in the Navy Reserve as an intelligence of-ficer, to the World Bank, the State De-partment, the House International Re-lations Committee, and five terms rep-resenting the 10th Congressional Dis-trict of Illinois, Senator K
IRKbrought to this chamber a wealth of experience, wisdom, and commitment. I had the pleasure of working along-side Senator K
IRKon the Appropria-tions, Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and Aging Committees. His approach to legislating has been in the highest traditions of the Senate: In-formed, passionate, and always civil. He looked at the issues before the Sen-ate not through the lens of a political partisan, but rather through the lens of a pragmatic problem solver and con-sensus builder. Senator K
IRKhas been a valued ally on many fronts. We introduced the RE-GROW Act to accelerate the develop-ment of new therapies for patients liv-ing with such diseases as Alzheimer’s disease and diabetes and to achieve breakthroughs in stroke recovery. I was proud to be named with him to serve on the Women’s and Family Global Health Task Force so that the United States will continue to be a leader in preventing maternal and childhood deaths from treatable causes. We joined together on vital leg-islation to keep firearms out of the hands of terrorists and in addressing our Nation’s opioid addiction crisis. He has always had a deep commitment to good government and was a strong voice for accountability through inde-pendent, effective inspectors general. As chairman and former ranking member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, Senator K
IRKhas worked tirelessly on behalf of the men and women who serve our country. Fol-lowing in the tradition of Illinois Sen-ator Everett Dirksen, who helped pass the Civil Rights Act a half-century ago, Senator K
IRKhas been a leader in ensuring the rights of America’s LGBT community. The past election brought disappoint-ment, but it also revealed character. Senator K
IRKran a vigorous but honor-able campaign and never compromised his principles. When the decision went against him, he conceded graciously, reminding Americans that what unites us is far stronger than what divides us. It has been an honor to serve with Senator KIRKin the U.S. Senate. It has been a joy to develop our friendship, one I will cherish always. I wish him all the best in the years to come, and I know that he will meet any chal-lenges that lie ahead with the strength and fortitude he brought to those 45 steps of the U.S. Capitol. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA MIKULSKI Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, today I wish to honor my friend, col-league, and mentor from Maryland, Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , who is re-tiring at the end of this year. B
ARBARA  has an impressively long and distin-guished career in public service, rep-resenting her home State of Maryland in Congress for nearly 40 years. Since I came to the Senate in 2013, it has been a pleasure to serve alongside titans like Senator M
IKULSKI . As a matter of fact, my first official Senate office was tucked in-between hers and then-Senator Rockefeller’s on the fifth floor of Hart. As neighbors we formed a friendly bond, and I oftentimes would stop by to chat with her or sometimes just Mrs. O’Malley, who runs a tight ship. On occasion, Senator Rockefeller and I would overstay our welcome, and Mrs. O’Malley would kick us out and send us back to our offices. For those of you who don’t know, Mrs. O’Malley has played a critical role in Senator M
IKULSKI ’s office for nearly 30 years and has helped instill the values of hard work and dedication to a genera-tion of Hill staffers. As the longest serving woman in Con-gress, Senator M
IKULSKI has inspired a generation of women to pursue careers in public service and run for higher of-fice. As dean of the women Senators, B
ARBARA worked to mentor new women Senators on how to be effective legisla-tors and build coalitions across party lines to advance landmark legislation. The bipartisan women’s group has met regularly under her leadership, helping bridge partisan divides that so often plague this Chamber by getting Sen-ators to know each other on a personal level over her homemade Maryland crabcakes. One cannot mention Senator M
IKUL-
SKIwithout also mentioning her fierce advocacy and determination to make Maryland and our country a better place to live, work, and raise a family. One of the first bills I cosponsored when I came to the Senate was the Vio-lence Against Women Reauthorization Act, VAWA, which B
ARBARA played a critical role in originally passing. Since its passage in 1994, VAWA has been effective in responding to domes-tic violence. Additionally, she has worked tirelessly in the fight to close the pay gap for women, who currently earn about three-quarters of what men 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.059 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6913 December 8, 2016 
earn, by advancing the Paycheck Fair-ness Act, which I have proudly cospon-sored twice now. Women shouldn’t make 77 percent of what men earn for the same job. This hurts families who are just looking to take care of their kids, put food on their table, and keep a roof over their heads. Just as Senator M
IKULSKI has been an advocate for families, she also un-derstands the critical role science, re-search, and innovation play in creating economic growth in the United States. Maryland is home to several great in-stitutions, such as the Goddard Space Flight Center, which I had the pleasure of visiting last fall, that are at the forefront of their respective fields. When I was at Goddard, the Director showed me the fascinating work their researchers and engineers are engaged in and how NASA’s various missions help us enhance crop production and be better stewards of our planet. Her work on the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee has helped keep the United States at the forefront of scientific dis-covery and technological innovation. Senator M
IKULSKI is the best of American public service. She is smart, honest, empathetic, and outrageously funny. She has earned her reputation as a force to be reckoned with. And on her next chapter, I wish her Godspeed— and may the force be with her. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY AYOTTE Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, today I wish to honor my dear friend and colleague from New Hampshire, Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE , who is depart-ing from the Senate at the end of this year. Over the last 4 years, I have been consistently impressed with K
ELLY ’s pragmatic approach to her role as a U.S. Senator. Time and time again, I have seen her be a strong advocate on behalf of her State and have admired her willingness to forge the tough, bi-partisan compromises that our country needs. Senator A
YOTTE started her career clerking for an associate justice of the New Hampshire Supreme Court. After about a year of clerking, she started practicing law. She eventually moved on to be a prosecutor for the New Hampshire Attorney General’s office, quickly gaining experience and know- how to become the first female attor-ney general of her State—something we have in common. When I came to the Senate in 2013, K
ELLY and I were the only female former attorneys general in the Cham-ber at the time. She had been elected to her first term 2 years before me, so as new Senators, we bonded through our common experience that later pushed us to pass laws and create real change. Our shared knowledge of the issues, dedication, and common inter-ests led us to become good friends. I am also proud to say that our relationship extended beyond the Senate Chamber, as we played together on the congres-sional women’s softball team. KELLY and I worked with each other to make real and substantial progress on many issues using common sense and our desire to do what is best for our States and the country. We both came to the Senate with an under-standing of rural America. As the wife of a small business owner, K
ELLY un-derstands the real life implications pol-icy can have on small businesses, which she displayed as we worked to-gether on the Small Business Com-mittee. We also sat next to each other on the dais for 4 years as we served to-gether on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. Her commitment to keeping our Nation safe shined through time and time again as our committee worked on bor-der security, cyber security, and im-proving our Federal Government’s effi-ciency and effectiveness. Together we passed two bills, one of which has been signed into law and the other which awaits the President’s sig-nature. The first was the Breast Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act, which created a commemorative coin to help fund the Breast Cancer Re-search Foundation’s efforts to fight breast cancer. Her dedication to help the one in eight women who will de-velop invasive breast cancer over the course of their lifetimes will not be for-gotten. The second bill was the North-ern Border Security Review Act to en-sure that our Nation’s northern border gets the attention and resources it needs to keep our communities safe. I am extremely proud to have worked with her on these issues. Senator A
YOTTE has been an out-standing public servant for the people of New Hampshire and this country. I know that she is proud of her accom-plishments in her time as a Senator, and I am proud to be a part of some of those accomplishments. The women’s softball team will definitely miss her because, let’s face it, she is a better softball player than I am. I know K
ELLY will continue to be a champion for New Hampshire no matter what she does. And since we each have taken our turns in the batting cages, we never step down from the plate. I guess imi-tation truly is the best form of flat-tery. I truly wish her the best. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, in a po-litical world getting more contentious by the day, with even greater divisions and an increasing lack of civility, J
OE B
IDEN has always stood out. The reason so many Republicans and Democrats appreciate him is because he has touched us all in a special way. When it comes to J
OEBIDEN, his word is his bond. He is a fierce competitor, but never takes the fight too far. If he can help you, he always will. He tries, as much as possible, to ensure every decision is a win-win. As Vice President, he served Presi-dent Obama extremely well with un-questionable loyalty. He has proven to be one of the most successful nego-tiators for the President. I have traveled the world with JOE and the private man is exactly what you see in public. J
OEBIDEN is articu-late, determined, kind, gracious, funny, and an eternal optimist. I am confident he will continue to serve the nation he loves so much. Vice President J
OEBIDEN stands out in all the right ways. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES BILL Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I wish to address the 21st Century Cures Act legislation, which the Senate passed yesterday with my support. I voted for this bill and support many of its provisions. However, I also have some serious concerns regarding the manner in which the bill is funded. I would like to congratulate two of my Senate colleagues for their remark-able commitment to this bill: the sen-ior Senator from Tennessee, L
AMAR  A
LEXANDER , and the senior Senator from Washington, P
ATTY MURRAY , who worked long hours in good faith to forge a bipartisan compromise on both sides of the Capitol. Washington State is a laboratory for health care innovation. From Spokane to Seattle, my State has a culture of collaboration and inventiveness in which the entire health care commu-nity—including researchers, providers, insurers, employers, policymakers, and others—come together to find better ways of preventing, managing, and treating disease. This collaboration makes my State unique and on the cut-ting edge of developing innovative health care delivery. That is why Washington is the origi-nal home of the Basic Health Plan, a State-run option that gives working people without employer-sponsored health care the negotiating leverage to get a better deal on health insurance. It is why the Boeing Company has partnered directly with health care providers like the Everett Clinic to re-duce sick days and improve the health of its workers. It is why community leaders in Yak-ima and Spokane have banded together to break ground on new medical schools to fill unmet primary care needs in their regions. And it is why so many lifesaving medical discoveries and treatments, in-cluding immuno-oncology, dialysis, and the mapping of the brain have their roots in our State. Many of these discoveries started with NIH-supported basic research at public research uni-versities like the University of Wash-ington and Washington State Univer-sity. The 21st Century Cures legislation gives a big boost to Washington’s health care innovators. First, the bill’s investment in Presi-dent Obama’s Precision Medicine Ini-tiative will help get the right treat-ment into the hands of patients, build-ing on the longtime work of renowned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.055 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6914 December 8, 2016 
researchers like Dr. Leroy Hood and the Institute for Systems Biology. Tools like big data and sophisticated blood analysis can predict effective therapies based on a patient’s unique biology, reducing ineffective prescrip-tions, and lowering health costs over time. Second, the bill’s funding commit-ment to Vice President B
IDEN’s Cancer Moonshot will advance groundbreaking research at organizations like the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. By directing the body’s own immune system to attack cancer cells, new can-cer treatments can save lives for pa-tients who may not respond to tradi-tional interventions. Third, the bill’s support for President Obama’s Brain Research through Ad-vancing Innovative Neurotechnologies, BRAIN, Initiative will continue the leadership of organizations like the Allen Institute for Brain Science in unlocking the mysteries of the brain. Neuroscience is one of the final fron-tiers of medicine, and future revela-tions in this field hold immense prom-ise to better treat conditions affecting the brain, such as Alzheimer’s and traumatic brain injury. In addition to my strong support for research into future medical miracles, many of my constituents need treat-ment for acute and chronic conditions now. That is why I am encouraged that the 21st Century Cures legislation takes positive steps to combat the dual crises of mental health care and opioid addic-tion. The legislation includes a $1 billion funding commitment to combat the opioid and heroin epidemic. In recent years Washington has experienced a doubling in heroin-related deaths, ac-cording to data from the Washington State Department of Health. Earlier this year, PBS’s ‘‘Frontline’’ profiled the courageous stories of some of my constituents who are battling addic-tion, as well as new public responses that municipalities like the city of Se-attle are deploying to address this pub-lic health crisis. The reality in too many Washington communities is that needed addiction services are simply out of reach for those in the throes of acute with-drawal, relapse, or in need of ongoing recovery supports. The Cures legisla-tion helps by authorizing much-needed State grants for treatment services, prescription drug monitoring, preven-tion, and health professional training programs, which will bolster efforts by public health departments like the Spokane Regional Health District to meet urgent community needs. This funding is far from sufficient, given that 90 percent of people who need ad-diction treatment in the United States do not receive it, according to the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Serv-ices Administration, SAMHSA. How-ever, given that Senate Democrats have been calling for real money for the opioid epidemic throughout this Congress, the funding in Cures is in-deed welcome. The 21st Century Cures legislation also contains positive new policies that aim to improve access to mental health care, including efforts to better integrate mental health and physical health as well as strengthen rules to ensure health insurance companies cover mental and physical health equally. Unfortunately, many of these policies are not funded and require fu-ture appropriations. Washington communities continue to confront a severe mental health treat-ment shortage at all levels of the care continuum, including community clin-ics and psychiatric units. A 2015 report by Mental Health America, a national advocacy group, ranked Washington State 48th in the Nation when it comes to mental health treatment, due to a high prevalence of mental illness and poor access to care. In the face of over-whelming emergency room admissions and a State legal ruling on psychiatric ‘‘boarding,’’ community partnerships like the Alliance for South Sound Health in Pierce County have stepped up to build more treatment capacity. And Governor Jay Inslee and the State of Washington have announced ambi-tious goals to integrate mental health with chemical dependency and physical health. I will continue to fight for real money for mental health, including policies to ease the Medicaid Institu-tions for Mental Diseases, IMD, exclu-sion, an archaic barrier to needed inpa-tient care for people in crisis, as well as policies to improve mental health delivery. I am also pleased that the 21st Cen-tury Cures legislation includes a provi-sion I sponsored, S. 2261, the Rural ACO Provider Equity Act, to drive coordi-nated health care in medically under-served areas, as well as legislation I have cosponsored to preserve access to vital outpatient therapeutic services at small rural hospitals. Medical facilities in these remote communities—such as Forks, Brewster, and Newport—need our support to keep essential health services accessible in the face of doctor and clinical staff shortages. I thank the senior Senator from South Dakota for his partnership and support on these important issues. While I supported the Cures legisla-tion, the package incorporates trou-bling budget offsets that are con-cerning. First, the Cures legislation finances itself in part by selling millions of bar-rels of oil from the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve. The use of this budget offset steadily weakens the energy security of the United States and again uses the re-serve as a piggy bank to pay for non-energy priorities. In its November 29, 2016, Statement of Administration Pol-icy on the Cures legislation, the White House Office of Management and Budg-et concurred, noting this offset ‘‘. . . continues a bad precedent of selling off longer term energy security assets to satisfy near term budget scoring needs.’’ Second, the Cures legislation pays for its investments in part by cutting dis-ease prevention funding. While I appre-ciate current legislative realities, this policy approach is not sustainable es-pecially in light of dwindling public health resources throughout my State. Third, the final version of the Cures legislation omits a widely supported and bipartisan child welfare reform bill, the Family First Preventive Serv-ices Act, which I have been proud to cosponsor with my colleague Senator R
ONWYDEN . Washington State is cur-rently using a Federal waiver, which I helped secure, to do a better job of keeping families together and reducing unnecessary foster care placements. This approach is better for kids and families, and it can save States money. The Senate’s failure, up to this point, to pass this bill is a lost opportunity for children in Washington and throughout the Nation. Last, I note that the funding author-ized by the Cures legislation must be appropriated by future Congresses. I will continue to work with my col-leagues on the Appropriations Com-mittee to fund these important health care priorities. I view the funding and policies in the Cures legislation as a step forward that continues to support Washington’s health care innovation and pave the way for future medical breakthroughs. The mental health and opioid response provisions in the legislation are wel-come in addressing these crises, but are far from sufficient. Moving forward, I will work to ensure that appropriators make good on the funding commit-ments in Cures, and I will fight to open up greater access to health care for Washingtonians. 
f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to four service-members from California or based in California who have died while serving our country in Operation Freedom’s Sentinel and in Operation Inherent Re-solve since I last entered names into the record. 
STAFF SERGEANT JOHN W . PERRY  
SSG John W. Perry, 30, of Stockton, CA, died November 12, 2016, of injuries sustained from an improvised explosive device in Bagram, Afghanistan. Staff Sergeant Perry was assigned to the Headquarters and Headquarters Com-pany, 1st Special Troops Battalion, 1st Sustainment Brigade, 1st Cavalry Divi-sion, Fort Hood, TX. 
CHIEF PETTY OFFICER JASON C . FINAN  
CPO Jason C. Finan, 34, of Anaheim, CA, died October 20, 2016, in northern Iraq, of wounds sustained in an impro-vised explosive device blast. Chief Petty Officer Finan was assigned to Explosive Ordnance Disposal Mobile Unit Three. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.061 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6915 December 8, 2016 
STAFF SERGEANT MATTHEW V . THOMPSON  
SSG Matthew V. Thompson, 28, of Irvine, CA, died August 23, 2016, in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, of in-juries caused by an improvised explo-sive device that detonated near his pa-trol while conducting dismounted oper-ations. Staff Sergeant Thompson was assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 1st Spe-cial Forces Group (Airborne), Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA. 
PETTY OFFICER FIRST CLASS CHARLES H . 
KEATING IV  
PO1 Charles H. Keating IV, 31, of San Diego, CA, died May 3, 2016, in Tall Usquf, Iraq, of combat related causes. Petty Officer First Class Keating was assigned to a West Coast-based Navy SEAL Team. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD GIL KERLIKOWSKE Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I rise today to honor my friend from the De-partment of Homeland Security—U.S. Customs and Border Protection Com-missioner Richard Gil Kerlikowske, who is retiring in January 2017. I have known Gil since his days as Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, during which time he worked tirelessly to promote policy reforms, particularly in the area of substance abuse treatment. In 2013, he visited North Dakota at my request and saw firsthand the substance abuse dilemma that we were experiencing in the west-ern part of the State. He worked with me to direct Federal resources to assist our State partners in reducing drug abuse, and for that, I will always be grateful. Gil was appointed Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, CBP, in 2014, and, as a Senator on the committee that oversees CBP, I saw firsthand the dedication he brought to the position. On his retirement, it is fitting that we recognize the successes achieved under his leadership. Gil worked to counter terrorism and transnational crime by creating a counter-network capability to identify and disrupt illicit networks and adapt to emerging threats along the border and abroad, placing under one roof the National Targeting-Center Passenger and Cargo facilities to enhance the agency’s efficiency and effectiveness in identifying potential high-risk individ-uals and freight. He made efforts to enhance trans-parency and accountability by imple-menting the CBP Integrity Strategy, enhancing the agency’s ability to ad-dress corruption and misconduct in the workforce; initiating a review and re-design of CBP’s complaint and dis-cipline system to promote a timely, transparent, and accountable dispute resolution process; fostering the agen-cy’s commitment to respond to use of force incidents by creating an incident team to conduct investigations and by initiating a National Use of Force Re-view Board to assess policy compliance and best law enforcement practices; implementing firearms and less-lethal use of force simulator training; imple-menting National Standards on Trans-port, Escort, Detention, and Search, the first nationwide standards that govern interaction with detained indi-viduals. He engaged stakeholders and part-ners globally to enhance U.S. border security. Such actions include signing new preclearance agreements with Sweden and the Dominican Republic; creating increased security, economic growth opportunities, and an improved passenger experience with CBP per-forming the same immigration, Cus-toms, and agriculture inspections of air passengers on foreign soil prior to boarding a direct flight to the United States; assisting the Government of Tanzania in establishing a sophisti-cated canine program to combat the smuggling of contraband; and spon-soring ten Customs Mutual Assistance Agreements with various countries. He worked to advance border secu-rity and management by addressing the surge of unaccompanied alien chil-dren and family units by enhancing the agency’s capabilities and coordination with Federal partners while sustaining all border security responsibilities; de-ploying advanced technological solu-tions to provide additional layers of surveillance; initiating a Naloxone pilot program, becoming the first Fed-eral law enforcement agency to train and equip officers with the potentially lifesaving drug for the treatment of overdoses; installing facial comparison technology in two airports and con-tinuing work towards a comprehensive biometric exit system; establishing the Missing Migrant Initiative in the south Texas corridor—a proactive program to establish preventative procedures in order to preserve human life. He worked to enhance economic competiveness through lawful trade and travel with a continued commit-ment to the strong partnership be-tween the U.S. and Canada by leading CBP to deliver on key Beyond the Bor-der Action Plan commitments related to joint commerce and travel facilita-tion and security initiatives; transitioning to the Automated Com-mercial Environment, which serves as the ‘‘single window’’ for the electronic transmission of import and export in-formation for 47 agencies; streamlining the import-export process and elimi-nating more than 200 forms; developing ten centers for excellence and expertise to facilitate trade for compliant im-porters; achieving positive results in CBP’s Traveler Satisfaction Survey ad-ministered at the top 25 airports be-tween September 2015 and February 2016. He promoted organizational integra-tion, innovation, and agility by raising levels of engagement and commitment higher than at any other time since 2011, according to the 2016 Federal Em-ployee Viewpoint Survey. He led cre-ation of advanced hiring hubs and other recruitment initiatives that re-duced overall costs and hiring delays for CBP officers and Border Patrol agents. The agency was recognized by Monster.com and Military.com’s ‘‘Best Companies for Veterans 2016’’ as the second best organization for veterans among government and private sector employers. I would like Congress to recognize the significance of these accomplish-ments and to express my appreciation and the appreciation of the American people for Gil Kerlikowske’s selfless dedication to service. I wish him the best of luck as he pursues the next chapter of his life. f 
HONORING OFFICER JOSE GILBERT VEGA Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring the life of Police Officer Jose Gil-bert Vega, a beloved husband, father, grandfather, and uncle who was trag-ically killed in the line of duty on Oc-tober 8, 2016. Jose ‘‘Gil’’ Vega was born in Texas to a family of migrant farm workers. When Gil was 6 years old his family re-located to Coachella, CA, where he graduated from Indio High School. In 1979, Gil began his career in law en-forcement by serving as a reserve po-lice officer for the Indio Police Depart-ment. He was hired as a community service officer by the Palm Springs Po-lice Department in 1982, and the fol-lowing year, he accepted additional re-sponsibilities as a jail and reserve field training officer. Gil’s hard work and dedication was recognized in 1985 when the city of Palm Springs hired him as a police officer trainee. Upon comple-tion of his program at the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Academy, Gil was promoted to police officer. Officer Vega worked on various as-signments throughout his career, in-cluding serving as a detective for the Riverside Auto Theft Interdiction De-tail, RAID, and the Palm Springs Crimes Against Property Unit. Over the course of three decades, Officer Vega mentored over 30 police officers and was consistently recognized for his commitment to his job and the commu-nity. He was awarded a lifesaving medal for performing CPR on an infant in 2010 and received the Medal of Merit in 2013. He is also the only officer in the history of the Palm Springs Police Department to have been selected twice by his peers as ‘‘Officer of the Year,’’ in 1992 and 2011. Officer Vega truly embodied the very best of law enforcement and his coura-geous service will be forever remem-bered. On behalf of the people of Cali-fornia whom Officer Vega served so bravely, I extend my heartfelt condo-lences to his wife, Susana; his eight children; and his entire extended fam-ily. 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN LEWIS LARKIN O ’HERN III  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize U.S. Army CPT Lewis Larkin O’Hern III for his ex-traordinary dedication to duty and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.052 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6916 December 8, 2016 
honorable service to our Nation. Dur-ing his exemplary career with the Army from May 2008 to January 2017, Captain O’Hern made an immense im-pact on those he worked with both in the Army and here in Congress. Captain O’Hern was born at Madigan Army Medical Center at Fort Lewis, WA, and grew up in a military family before graduating from Belton High School in Belton, Texas, in 2004. He re-ceived his commission from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 2008. After completing the infantry of-fice basic course, airborne school, and Ranger school at Fort Benning, GA, he was assigned to the 101st Airborne Di-vision, Air Assault, at Fort Campbell, KY, where he served as a rifle platoon leader. He deployed to Kandahar in June 2010 and, after 7 months in Af-ghanistan was severely wounded, suf-fering the loss of both legs and a hand. In the course of his 2 and a half year recovery, Captain O’Hern completed the Defense Strategy Course and worked as a future operations planner at U.S. Army North. In 2013, Captain O’Hern was accepted into the Army’s prestigious Congressional Fellowship Program. He earned a master’s degree in legislative affairs from George Washington University and in 2014 served as my defense legislative fellow. Following his fellowship, Captain O’Hern continued to serve as an Army legislative liaison in the Office of the Chief Legislative Liaison. Captain O’Hern has performed at the top of his profession throughout his ca-reer, providing motivation and serving as a role model for his fellow service-members and colleagues. Captain O’Hern demonstrated his impressive in-tellect in all duties, questioning as-sumptions and pushing team members to achieve their highest potential. He easily grasped the complexities of pol-icymaking and the appropriations processes, greatly contributing to both while in my office. Part of what makes Captain O’Hern such a remarkable leader is that his great intellect is coupled with incred-ible humanity and compassion. I wit-nessed his inexhaustible drive to pro-vide assistance to fellow servicemem-bers and veterans, which is in the image of some of the Army’s greatest leaders. I was privileged to have Cap-tain O’Hern as an enormously impor-tant member of my legislative team. His contributions continue to resonate today. Captain O’Hern models resilience and determination. His story is a testa-ment to the power of a positive can-do attitude and a shining of example of the refusal to let obstacles stand in his way. Captain O’Hern’s inspirational journey would not have been possible without the unfailing support from his exceptional wife. Mrs. Rachel Brooks O’Hern was an integral partner in Cap-tain O’Hern’s recovery. In addition to undertaking her substantial caregiver role, Rachel also built an impressive career of her own, serving the wider veteran community. It is my honor to recognize this re-markable couple and congratulate Cap-tain O’Hern on his military retirement as he proceeds to the next chapter of his life. I ask the entire country to thank him for his service and dedica-tion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AYO GRIFFIN Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, for many years, the Judiciary Com-mittee and the Senate have been well served by the distinguished service of Ayo Griffin. Ayo is a talented lawyer and a principled public servant, re-spected and admired by his peers, who has ably guided some of my most sig-nificant legislative initiatives. Ayo’s career has always dem-onstrated what Victor Hugo called ‘‘conscience in the service of justice.’’ By the time Ayo joined my Judiciary Committee staff in 2011, he had already taken on difficult work conducting for-eign corruption investigations in pri-vate practice. He had volunteered with human rights litigation and anticorruption training in Cambodia. In the important tradition of making legal aid available to all people, even unpopular defendants, he had rep-resented pro bono detainees at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base detention center in Cuba. Here in the Senate, Ayo took on leg-islation to improve our prisons and strengthen law enforcement, to prevent domestic violence and sexual assault, to reform our immigration regime, to curb gun violence, and to undo the damage done to our campaign finance system by the Citizens United Supreme Court decision. In the wake of the flood of secret money unleashed by Citizens United, Ayo helped me craft the DIS-CLOSE Act to require groups spending large amounts to influence our elec-tions to identify their donors and to prevent corporations and other wealthy interests from using shell cor-porations to funnel secret money to super PACs. Ayo worked closely with good gov-ernance advocates, campaign finance experts, and our colleagues here in Congress to build a strong coalition be-hind the legislation. When Republicans blocked the legislation from pro-ceeding in 2012, Ayo helped me coordi-nate a midnight vigil, with the bill’s Democratic sponsors holding the Sen-ate floor into the morning hours until we secured a vote on the measure. In the end, the DISCLOSE Act twice won support from a majority of Senators in votes before this body. Ayo’s contribu-tion to that effort not only channeled a groundswell of popular support, but shone a bright light on an issue at the very heart of our democracy. Today Ayo is facing a much different challenge. Some time ago, he was diag-nosed with a rare form of brain cancer, requiring intensive therapy. He has tackled his treatment with signature determination, working intently with his specialists and therapists to stay ahead of the disease. His wife, Mary Dewhurst, has shown great love and courage through this trying time and is Ayo’s steadfast partner in every winding step of their journey. ‘‘You must work very hard,’’ Maurice Ravel once wrote to a fellow composer, ‘‘because someone who is gifted must work harder than someone who is not.’’ I am grateful for both the ample gifts and hard work of Ayo Griffin. I thank Ayo for his faithful service. My entire staff and I offer our unending support. And I wish him and Mary health and much happiness in their days to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO LISA M. CLINE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to recognize educator Lisa M. Cline for over 30 years of service as a K–6 STEM educator throughout the State of Mon-tana. Mrs. Cline’s love of STEM, par-ticularly biology, was inspired by her mother, Nancy Yonkee, who grew up on a ranch during the Great Depression era and was among the first women to study premedicine at her university in the 1950’s. Mrs. Cline grew up on a ranch near Broadus and studied animal science at Montana State University, with the goal of becoming a veterinarian. Later, Mrs. Cline decided that she could have the greatest impact on her commu-nities by sharing her love of STEM with children and earned an additional degree, also from MSU, in education. In her time as an educator throughout the State, including in the communities of Bozeman, Plevna, Great Falls, and Cut Bank, Mrs. Cline has passionately brought to her students a love for the STEM disciplines that is grounded in her agricultural upbringing, her back-ground in biology, and her genuine ex-citement about asking tough ques-tions, solving tricky problems, and learning along the way. Throughout her career, Mrs. Cline strived to bring a rigor to her class-room that prepares her students to be-come the best scientists, engineers, and mathematicians. She does this both in-side and outside of the classroom, working tirelessly over the years to or-ganize innovative, inquiry-based as-signments, student debates, local science fairs, field trips to archae-ological sites, and voyages into the mountains. Most recently, she brought her sixth graders to Glacier National Park, where they learned about its in-tricate ecosystems and rich geological history. I want to express my deep gratitude to Mrs. Cline for her dedication and service to educating our country’s youth, particularly for cultivating within them a love for STEM and in-quiry-based learning. And a big thank you to Dr. Angela Person for her nomi-nation of Mrs. Cline as Montanan of the Week.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.060 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6917 December 8, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO DAVE RAU ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize Lewis and Clark County undersheriff Dave Rau who announced his retirement after 20 years of service to the people of Mon-tana. Dave is the prime example of law enforcement’s tireless efforts to pro-tect and serve Montanans at any cost. Undersheriff Rau launched his law enforcement career in Texas as a pris-on guard, and after 7 years he came to the last best place. He began serving Montanans with the East Helena Po-lice, then his path led to the Lewis and Clark County Sheriff’s Office. Through-out the last two decades, Dave has gar-nered countless advocates in the Hel-ena community. Sheriff Leo Dutton has said, ‘‘There will never be another Dave Rau.’’ Dave is a husband to Tammy and fa-ther to their children, Aaron and Whit-ney. He is unsure what his next adven-ture will entail, but he is sure he will remain active in the community that he loves. Undersheriff Rau, the U.S. Senate commends you for your service to the people of Helena and Lewis and Clark County. Thank you for your diligent work in keeping the people of Montana safe. I hope that your path continues to be blessed with success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TIM SANDERS ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want to pay tribute to the public service of Tim Sanders, a longtime clerk of the Courts for Madison County, FL. Tim has served admirably as county clerk and comptroller for six consecutive terms and will retire after 24 years, which is an incredible achievement. His contributions to Madison County and Florida long predate the start of his tenure as county clerk. He began his career at Madison County Memorial Hospital, where he worked on the floor, in the emergency room, and in the x- ray department. After earning a second degree from the University of Florida, Tim spent time surveying in Madison and nearby counties for a business that he later acquired himself. Tim accom-plished all of this before starting his career in public service as county clerk. A true man of the community, Tim currently serves on the board of trust-ees at the Madison First United Meth-odist Church, as well as on the boards of directors at Big Bend Hospice, the Madison County Foundation for Excel-lence in Education, and the Treasures of Madison County Museum. Tim was born, raised, and attended public schools in Madison. In fact, he has devoted a great deal of time sup-porting public education and children in Madison County. To give a sense of this man’s character, Tim has per-formed as the American folk hero Johnny Appleseed for elementary school children in Madison and sur-rounding counties each fall for 20 years. Dedicated and selfless in his ap-proach to public service, this son of Madison County has surely left a last-ing mark on the people of his commu-nity and his State. I am honored to ac-knowledge his retirement from public service and recognize this great Flo-ridian.∑ f 
REMEMBERING TONY REYNA ∑Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to Taos Pueblo Governor Tony Reyna, who passed away Decem-ber 5, 2016, at the age of 100, in Taos, NM. Governor Reyna’s life was defined by service to others: he served his coun-try, his State, his community, his Pueblo. Governor Reyna was born February 1, 1916, to Helario and Crucita Reyna of Taos Pueblo. He was given the name ‘‘Chuta,’’ which means ‘‘Hunter’s Call.’’ According to Governor Reyna, ‘‘It was so important, the care my fa-ther and mother gave us, their commit-ment to us they said, ‘Don’t take. Give something back.’ That’s the philosophy we live by.’’ Governor Reyna was raised in the traditional pueblo of Taos—occupied for 1,000 years and considered the old-est continuously inhabited community in the United States. The five-storied adobe pueblo—dramatic and pictur-esque—lies at the base of the Mo-ha-loh or Ma-ha-lu, which we call the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. Governor Reyna maintained a home there, where the family gathered for pueblo ceremonies. Governor Reyna attended the Taos Pueblo Day School as a young boy. ‘‘By the time we could carry a bucket, we were carrying water and wood for mother to cook. We would run home from school to water and feed the horses. We would ride into town bare-back to get kerosene. Those were very enjoyable days. We thought it was very hard, but looking back, it was very worthwhile. We learned to work and to take responsibility.’’ He attended Santa Fe Indian School and graduated from Santa Fe High School in 1936. After high school, he taught woodworking at Albuquerque Indian School. Governor Reyna was a member of the New Mexico National Guard in 1941 when he was shipped to the Phil-ippines. At that time, Native Ameri-cans were not considered full citizens. They served in the military with brav-ery and distinction, yet did not have the right to vote. Governor Reyna was captured by the Japanese, along with 10 other servicemen from Taos Pueblo. He endured and survived the 65-mile Bataan Death March and 3 and one-half years of brutal captivity. He was tor-tured and forced to bury hundreds of his fellow servicemen, including his best friend. ‘‘I was raised a farm boy from sunrise to sundown, so I was tough enough to survive starvation,’’ he said. ‘‘Determination kept me going. I had a family, a home to come back to.’’ Five from Taos Pueblo sur-vived till the end of the war, and Gov-ernor Reyna was the last surviving of them. His American Legion garrison hat—honoring his service—bears an eagle feather in the band. According to Governor Reyna, ‘‘This feather rep-resents all the Indian veterans, men and women.’’ Today marks the 75th anniversary of the Bataan invasion, which began on December 8, 1941—just hours after the attack on Pearl Harbor—when soldiers from the 200th Coast Artillery Regi-ment became the ‘‘first to fire’’ to de-fend the Philippines from Japanese bombers. It is fitting that we Honor Governor Reyna today. After the war, Governor Reyna re-turned to Taos Pueblo and, as he said, ‘‘. . . got busy.’’ He married, and he and his wife, Annie Cata Reyna, had four children, Diane, John Anthony, Phillip, and Marie. Governor Reyna wanted to open an art shop in Taos, but banks would not loan to a Native American, even a vet-eran. ‘‘I went to the bank, but they weren’t interested in loans to Indians because they had nothing in the way of security,’’ he said. He found two busi-nessmen in town who would lend to him, and over the next 2 years, he hand-built an adobe shop and home and paid the men back in full. ‘‘I opened the doors to the shop May 1, 1950,’’ he said. ‘‘There was no shop like this at the Pueblo at the time. I felt I had a responsibility to promote Indian craft.’’ At the time, Governor Reyna’s shop—Tony Reyna Indian Shop—was the only Native-owned store dealing strictly in Native-made crafts. The shop is open to this day—run by Governor Reyna’s son Phillip—and is the oldest shop in Taos selling Native- made art. Governor Reyna served Taos Pueblo as secretary for the Governor’s office in 1975 and Lieutenant Governor in 1977. He served two terms as pueblo Governor, in 1982 and 1992, and was a lifetime member of the tribal council. ‘‘I served in the Army, I served the state of New Mexico, and I served the city of Taos, but the most important of all was serving my people as gov-ernor.’’ Governor Reyna was instrumental in the successful effort to return Blue Lake to Taos Pueblo. Nestled in the mountains northeast of the pueblo, the lake is sacred to the pueblo. It and 48,000 acres were taken from the pueblo and appropriated as Federal lands in 1906. After much work, the area was re-turned to the pueblo in 1970. As Governor, Governor Reyna was in-strumental in securing Taos Pueblo’s designation as a UNESCO World Herit-age Site in 1992. He secured that status without compromising the pueblos’ conditions for privacy. After the des-ignation, he convinced the U.S. Air Force to change flight patterns of su-personic jets over Taos Pueblo. The flights were damaging the structure of the buildings. As a veteran, Governor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.067 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6918 December 8, 2016 
Reyna had credibility and assured the Air Force he understood the need for national security, but firmly demanded the damaging flights stop. The Air Force rerouted the flights. Governor Reyna served as police commissioner for the town of Taos, as a member of the Taos Municipal School Board, as a trustee for the Millicent Rogers Museum in El Prado, and as a tribal judge at the Santa Fe Indian Market. In 1992, he was honored as a Santa Fe Living Treasure. The Heard Museum gave him the Spirit of the Heard Award in 2010. The chair of the advisory com-mittee stated that Governor Reyna was selected ‘‘. . . because he dedicated his life to the betterment of Indian people and, in particular, to helping preserve the culture, resources and traditions of his tribe.’’ And, ‘‘[h]e is a man who has given much, but has asked for little in return.’’ The New Mexico Legislature proclaimed his 100th birthday, Feb-ruary 1, 2016, as ‘‘Tony Reyna Day.’’ Governor Reyna was buried Decem-ber 5, 2016, dressed in a deerskin robe and with full military honors, at the Taos Pueblo cemetery, following a mass at the pueblo’s San Geronimo Church. War hero, husband, father, business-man, pueblo leader, community lead-er—Governor Reyna’s contributions to arts, culture, politics, community, and the Nation are astounding. His life demonstrates the value of service to others. He will be missed.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TOM M. PHELPS ∑Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate Tom M. Phelps on his re-tirement as chief executive officer, CEO, of Plateau Telecommunications, New Mexico’s oldest telecommuni-cations company. Tom leaves Plateau after a distinguished career of more than 20 years in my home State of New Mexico and more than 50 years in the telecommunications industry. Plateau began as Eastern New Mex-ico Rural Telephone Cooperative in 1949 when a group of civic leaders, farmers, and ranchers responded to the need of rural New Mexico for afford-able, reliable telephone service. The next year, the cooperative received its first Federal loan of $581.00 to con-struct and operate telephone lines and facilities in Curry, De Baca, Quay, Roo-sevelt, and contiguous counties. Tom joined Plateau in 1995 as assist-ant general manager. However, it was not long before he took the helm in 1997 as general manager. The title changed to CEO in 2001. During his 21 years of leadership at Plateau, he has improved the quality of life for those in our rural communities through deployment of modern tele-communication services, community economic development partnerships, and participation in many local philan-thropic projects, community events, and educational enterprises. Tom oversaw the company as it grew and changed—when it first offered high speed DSL internet service and a fiber- to-the-home program. He managed ex-penditure of $116 million to install over 5,200 miles of fiber-optic cable across eastern and central New Mexico and to expand high-speed internet access to critical community institutions. This facilitated distance learning so chil-dren in rural schools can access re-sources that are not available in their hometowns. And it has enabled hos-pitals to use telehealth to improve care and provide services they can’t offer in person. Plateau’s service area now ex-tends in 25 counties in New Mexico and western Texas, covering 25,000 square miles. Under his leadership, Plateau’s technology has been and continues to be state-of-the-art. In 2015, Plateau was the fastest home internet service pro-vider in New Mexico. Bringing affordable and reliable tele-phone service to rural areas is key to economic development. Plateau brought service to rural New Mexico when larger, national companies would not. Its investments in telecommuni-cation services created many business opportunities in rural Eastern New Mexico, supporting and enhancing eco-nomic stability in the region. When Plateau decided to sell its mo-bile wireless operations, the company anticipated having to lay off 70 em-ployees. At that time, Tom was eligible to retire, but he stayed until he made sure his employees were taken care of. As the company transitioned, he pro-vided early retirement for employees and made sure there were no layoffs. Under Tom’s management, Plateau continually contributed to the commu-nities it served. Plateau collected school supplies for local school chil-dren, provided economic development grants for new businesses, and annu-ally gave over $70,000 in scholarships to area high school students. Tom has been active in many local, State, and national activities. He re-ceived the New Mexico Distinguished Public Service Award in 2014, which recognizes those who have made ‘‘un-usual contributions to the public serv-ice and to the improvement of govern-ment at all levels by both government employees and private citizens.’’ His service as a member of the Clovis Com-mittee of 50, Cannon Air Force Base support groups, and the Plains Re-gional Medical Center Board, as well as his continued support for the Clovis/ Curry County Chamber of Commerce and United Way of Eastern New Mexico contributed to his selection. Tom’s dedication, leadership, and business acumen—and personal com-mitment to Plateau employees and his community—have made a difference in the lives of many people across our State. We wish him continued success and that he and his wife Candyce enjoy re-tirement.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING IDEA VILLAGE ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, the city of New Orleans has served as an eco-nomic engine since its founding in 1718. Its location at the mouth of the Mis-sissippi River, influential and innova-tive population, and unique accessi-bility to natural resources have al-lowed the Big Easy to prosper, but it wasn’t until recently that New Orleans has become a hub of new technology and entrepreneurship. A major part of that success is due to Idea Village, an independent nonprofit organization that is dedicated to driving economic growth in and around New Orleans. In 2000, a group of New Orleans-based technology entrepreneurs came to-gether to discuss how to spark eco-nomic growth for small businesses and entrepreneurs in the Crescent City, in order to make New Orleans the hub of entrepreneurship in the South. Allen Bell, Sally Forman, Sam Giberga, Darin McAuliffe, Michele Reynoir, Tim Williamson, and Robbie Vitrano all agreed that in order to see a lasting change, they should create a business accelerator program that partners with the local community in order to rein-vest in New Orleans-based businesses. Idea Village was officially established in 2002 and immediately went to work in identifying, supporting, and retain-ing local entrepreneurs. That year, each founder contributed $2,000 to the first business plan competition and successfully raised a total of $125,000 to award to the winning business. In 2005, Hurricane Katrina destroyed much of southeast Louisiana and parts of Mississippi. Several New Orleans businesses were damaged and closed, putting an enormous strain on the local economy. In 2006, Idea Village launched IDEAcorps in partnership with local universities, including Tulane University, to help New Orleans businesses rebuild and reopen their doors. Following the success of IDEAcorps, Idea Village since has launched over 25 initiatives to provide strategic guidance and resources to ac-cess capital to local businessowners, including IDEApitch, IDEAinstitute, among others. One of its most success-ful ventures is the annual New Orleans Entrepreneur Week, NOEW, a festival celebrating innovation, entrepreneur-ship, and new thinking and which awards thousands of dollars to several entrepreneurs through various pitch competitions and challenges. Each year NOEW engages thousands of en-trepreneurs, investors, professionals, students, and community members to showcase regional startup ventures in industries important to New Orleans, including technology, water, edu-cation, energy, healthcare, and food. Going into its 10th year, NOEW has be-come an important part of New Orle-ans’ festival season. Since its inception, Idea Village has provided direct support to more than 5,794 entrepreneurs and invested $25 million in New Orleans businesses. Cur-rently, entrepreneurial activity in New Orleans is 64 percent higher than the national average, and much of that success can be attributed to the efforts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.062 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6919 December 8, 2016 
of Idea Village. I would like to recog-nize the entire team at Idea Village and look forward to their continued leadership and success in supporting New Orleans entrepreneurs and our economy.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING KREWE DU OPTIC ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, whether it is our food, architecture, or drawl, New Orleans is undoubtedly home to one of the more unique cultures across America. However, while we are not necessarily known for our contribu-tions to the fashion industry, one young entrepreneur is changing that with his popular Crescent City-inspired eyewear line Krewe du Optic. I would like to recognize Stirling Barrett’s Krewe du Optic as Small Business of the Week. Barrett’s artistic designs have earned him not only tremendous success in the last 3 years, but they have also caught the attention of the national fashion industry, helping to develop New Orleans’ role and reputa-tion in national and international fash-ion. New Orleans native Stirling Barrett is an artist, designer, and entrepreneur who launched Krewe du Optic in 2013. The unique eyewear line combined Barrett’s love of art, fashion, and the Crescent City and has been embraced by the fashion industry across the United States and around the world. Two years after his initial investment into the New Orleans-inspired eyewear concept, Barrett cemented his commit-ment to the industry and his home-town by opening a flagship brick and mortar store on the 10th anniversary of Hurricane Katrina’s historic landfall. Despite the geographical challenges of running a designer line from New Orle-ans, Barrett has been quoted as saying, ‘‘Krewe is about doing something from somewhere no one expected.’’ This phi-losophy rings true since New Orleans, which certainly serves as a hub for en-trepreneurship, has not been histori-cally associated with the fashion indus-try. Earlier this year, Krewe expanded its operation by opening a second store in Savannah, GA. Most recently, the growth of the Krewe brand has reached historic pro-portions, becoming the first New Orle-ans-based top-10 finalist for the pres-tigious Council of Fashion Designers of America/Vogue Fashion Fund. Krewe received the runner-up award for tech-nological creation of sunglasses that double as a camera and are able to cap-ture memories in a natural way. For their unique creativity and com-mitment to community, Stirling Bar-rett and the entire team at Krewe du Optic have made New Orleans proud. Congratulations for being named Small Business of the Week, and I wish you continued growth and success. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING RUSTON ANIMAL CLINIC ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, during the month of November, our Nation comes together to honor and com-memorate the service and sacrifices of our veterans. The week of October 31 through November 4, 2016, is officially National Veterans Small Business Week. When our brave men and women in uniform return to civilian life, some turn to entrepreneurship. In fact, there are more than 2,500,000 veteran-owned small businesses, employing nearly 6,000,000 individuals, in the United States. This week, I would like to rec-ognize the veteran-owned Ruston Ani-mal Clinic as Small Business of the Week. The Ruston Animal Clinic first opened its doors in 1970 to provide pre-ventative medicine, dental care, ortho-pedic surgery, bathing, and boarding for animals in north Louisiana and over the decades has become an inte-gral part of the local community. Following a 4-year stint in the U.S. Marine Corps, Marion Sewell moved to Louisiana to earn an undergraduate de-gree from Louisiana Tech University and a doctorate in veterinary medicine from Louisiana State University’s School of Veterinary Medicine. In 2007, Dr. Sewell moved to Ruston, began working at the Ruston Animal Clinic, and 2 years later took ownership of the small business. In the dual role of small business owner and veterinarian, Dr. Sewell has taken a leadership role in the Louisiana Veterinary Medical Association and currently serves as president-elect. Worthy of recognition is Dr. Sewell’s work during the deadly, historic Au-gust flooding disaster in south Lou-isiana. In the wake of one of the Na-tion’s worst natural disasters over the last decade, Dr. Sewell traveled across the State to lend her time and talents to assist in animal evacuation and res-cue efforts. Today Ruston Animal Clinic has es-tablished a strong social media pres-ence in order to update north Lou-isiana pet owners and animal lovers with pet adoption notices, missing ani-mal alerts, and helpful information on proper pet care. Congratulations to Dr. Sewell and the entire team at Ruston Animal Clin-ic for being selected as Small Business of the Week. I look forward to your continued success.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE SOCIAL SECURITY TOTALIZATION AGREEMENT WITH BRAZIL, TI-TLED ‘‘AGREEMENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE FEDERATIVE REPUB-LIC OF BRAZIL,’’ AND A RE-LATED AGREEMENT TITLED ‘‘ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGE-MENT BETWEEN THE COM-PETENT AUTHORITIES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE FEDERATIVE REPUB-LIC OF BRAZIL FOR THE IMPLE-MENTATION OF THE AGREEMENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY’’—PM 58 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Finance: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to section 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Social Security Amendments of 1977 (Public Law 95–216, 42 U.S.C. 433(e)(1)), I transmit herewith a social security totalization agreement with Brazil, ti-tled ‘‘Agreement on Social Security be-tween the United States of America and the Federative Republic of Brazil,’’ and a related agreement titled ‘‘Ad-ministrative Arrangement between the Competent Authorities of the United States of America and the Federative Republic of Brazil for the Implementa-tion of the Agreement on Social Secu-rity’’ (collectively the ‘‘Agreements’’). The Agreements were signed in Wash-ington, D.C., on June 30, 2015. The Agreements are similar in objec-tive to the social security agreements already in force with most European Union countries, Australia, Canada, Chile, Japan, Norway, the Republic of Korea, and Switzerland. Such bilateral agreements provide for limited coordi-nation between the United States and foreign social security systems to eliminate dual social security coverage and taxation and to help prevent the lost benefit protection that can occur when workers divide their careers be-tween two countries. The Agreements contain all provi-sions mandated by section 233 of the Social Security Act and other provi-sions that I deem appropriate to carry out the purposes of section 233, pursu-ant to section 233(c)(4) of the Social Se-curity Act. I also transmit for the information of the Congress a report required by sec-tion 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act on the estimated number of individuals who will be affected by the Agreements and the Agreements’ estimated cost ef-fect. The Department of State and the Social Security Administration have recommended the Agreements to me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 21, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\DEC2016\S08DE6.REC S08DE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6920 December 8, 2016 
I commend the Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and the Federative Republic of Brazil and the Administrative Ar-rangement between the Competent Au-thorities of the United States of Amer-ica and the Federative Republic of Brazil for the Implementation of the Agreement on Social Security. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 8, 2016. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 11:05 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerics, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 817. An act to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon. S. 818. An act to amend the Grande Ronde Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions, and for other purposes. S. 2873. An act to require studies and re-ports examining the use of, and opportuni-ties to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. S. 3076. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for cas-kets or urns, and for other purposes. S. 3492. An act to designate the Traverse City VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Traverse City, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic’’. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 11:46 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 1632. An act to require a regional strat-egy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. S. 3028. An act to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilder-ness. S. 3183. An act to prohibit the circumven-tion of control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 329. An act to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes. H.R. 1219. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conser-vancy District, and for other purposes. H.R. 3711. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a special re-source study of Chicano Park, located in San Diego, California, and for other purposes. H.R. 4298. An act to direct the Secretary of the Army to place in Arlington National Cemetery a memorial honoring the heli-copter pilots and crew members of the Viet-nam era, and for other purposes. H.R. 5099. An act to establish a pilot pro-gram on partnership agreements to con-struct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 5143. An act to provide greater trans-parency and congressional oversight of inter-national insurance standards setting proc-esses, and for other purposes. H.R. 6076. An act to require the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to establish a program for the medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of astronauts, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 6130. An act to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art con-fiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis. H.R. 6400. An act to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Costal Barrier Re-sources System units in New Jersey. H.R. 6431. An act to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives. H.R. 6435. An act to authorize the Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks of the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with appropriate civilian ac-creditation entities or appropriate health care evaluation entities to investigate med-ical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs. The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 181. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a certain correction in the enrollment of S. 1635. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 2854. An act to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. S. 2971. An act to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:28 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 34. An act to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 2974. An act to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4919. An act to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to pro-mote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with au-tism. The message also announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with amend-ment, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate. The message further announced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 612. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
At 5:20 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 6450. An act to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the inde-pendence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes. H.R. 6451. An act to improve the Govern-ment-wide management of Federal property. H.R. 6452. An act to implement the Conven-tion on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes. H.R. 6477. An act to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. H.R. 6480. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Intelligence Com-munity Management Account, and the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to following concur-rent resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 183. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 612. 
At 6:00 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that pursuant to section 201(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431) and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Com-mission on International Religious Freedom for a term ending May 14, 2018: Dr. Tenzin Dorjee of Fullerton, California, to succeed Ms. Hannah Rosenthal. The message also announced that pursuant to section 4 of the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.013 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6921 December 8, 2016 
Commission Act (Public Law 114–224), and the order of the House of January 5, 2011, the Minority Leader appoints the following individual to the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission: Ms. Stacey Plaskett of the United States Virgin Islands. The message further announced that pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 1011c, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, and upon the recommendation of the Majority Leader, the Speaker appoints the following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the National Advisory Committee on Insti-tutional Quality and Integrity to fill the existing vacancy thereon: Mr. Brian Jones of Washington, DC. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 3516. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a best-practices peer review of each medical center of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to evaluate the efficacy of health care delivered at each such medical center. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, December 8, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 817. An act to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon. S. 818. An act to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions, and for other purposes. S. 2873. An act to require studies and re-ports examining the use of, and opportuni-ties to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. S. 3076. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for cas-kets or urns, and for other purposes. S. 3492. An act to designate the Traverse City VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Traverse City, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7831. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tau-Fluvalinate; Pesticide Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9954–33) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 1, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7832. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Quizalofop ethyl; Pesticide Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9950–89) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 1, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7833. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oxathiapiprolin; Pesticide Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9954–69) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 1, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7834. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Muscodor albus strain SA–13 and the volatiles produced on rehydration; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9952–88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7835. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Bicyclopyrone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9954–63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7836. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commodity Pool Operator Financial Reports’’ (RIN3038– AE47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7837. A communication from the Hon-ors Attorney, Legal Division, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Truth in Lending (Regulation Z)’’ (RIN3170– AA67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7838. A communication from the Hon-ors Attorney, Legal Division, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consumer Leasing (Regulation M)’’ (RIN3170–AA66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7839. A communication from the Hon-ors Attorney, Legal Division, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold’’ (RIN3170–AA68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7840. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Renewable Fuel Standard Program: Standards for 2017 and Biomass-Based Diesel Volume for 2018’’ (FRL No. 9955–84–OAR) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7841. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment by the Attainment Date for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards; Pennsyl-vania; Pittsburgh-Beaver Valley’’ (FRL No. 9955–91–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–7842. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Plans; Kentucky; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9955–96–Region 4) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7843. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Revi-sions to Louisville Definitions and Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9955–90–Re-gion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7844. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Application of Sec-tion 108(a)(1)(E)(ii) to the Federal Housing Finance Agency’s (FHFA’s) Principal Reduc-tion Modification Program (PRMP) and the Home Affordable Modification Program (HAMP)’’ (Notice 2016–72) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7845. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—December 2016’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–27) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7846. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘SB/SE Fast Track Mediation—Collection’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–57) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7847. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Treatment of Amounts Paid to Section 170(c) Organiza-tions Under Employer Leave-Based Donation Program’’ (Notice 2016–69) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7848. A communication from the Direc-tor, Civil Rights Center, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Nondiscrimination and Equal Oppor-tunity Provisions of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act’’ (RIN1291–AA36) received during adjournment of the Senate in the office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7849. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.015 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6922 December 8, 2016 
transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Submission of Food and Drug Administration Import Data in the Automated Commercial Environment’’ ((RIN0910–AH41) (Docket No. FDA–2016–N– 1487)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7850. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Guanidinoacteic Acid’’ (Docket No. FDA– 2015–F–2337) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7851. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘New Animal Drugs for Use in Animal Feed; Category Definitions; Con-firmation of Effective Date’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N–1896) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7852. A communication from the Treas-urer, National Gallery of Art, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Gallery’s Performance and Accountability Report for the year ended September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7853. A communication from the Sec-retary of Agriculture, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7854. A communication from the Treas-urer, National Gallery of Art, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Gallery’s Performance and Accountability Report for the year ended September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7855. A communication from the Direc-tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7856. A communication from the Direc-tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7857. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Office of Commu-nity Oriented Policing Services Report on the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–7858. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Office of Commu-nity Oriented Policing Services Report on the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–7859. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s twelfth annual report on ethanol mar-ket concentration; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7860. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Used Motor Vehicle Trade Regulation Rule’’ (RIN3084–AB05) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7861. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Labeling Rule’’ (RIN3084–AB15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7862. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Arkansas River, Little Rock, AR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0992)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7863. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Great Egg Harbor Bay, Marmora , NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–1011)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7864. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Illinois River mile 69.3 to 69.8; Meredosia, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0678)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7865. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0154)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7866. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tennessee River, Knoxville, TN, MM TNR 646.9–647.1’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0845)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7867. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Arkansas River; Lit-tle Rock, AR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0887)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7868. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Ouachita River, Mon-roe, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0666)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7869. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Saint Andrew Bay; Panama City, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0932)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7870. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Grounds; Delaware Bay and River, Philadelphia, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0110)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7871. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone; Potomac River and Anacostia River, and adjacent waters; Washington, DC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0675)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2852. A bill to expand the Government’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and in-novation, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–396). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 3520. A bill to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to clarify re-port dates, modify the criteria for deter-minations of whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for elimination of trafficking, and highlight the importance of concrete actions by countries to eliminate trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. 3521. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide students with disabilities and their families with access to critical information needed to select the right college and succeed once enrolled; to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.019 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6923 December 8, 2016 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: S. 3522. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modify the payment amount for direct graduate medical edu-cation costs for certain hospitals; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 3523. A bill to amend the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968 to extend the jurisdiction of tribal courts to cover crimes involving sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 3524. A bill to amend Rule 611 of the Fed-eral Rules of Evidence to prohibit cross-ex-amination by the accused of minor victims of sexual assault; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. 3525. A bill to enhance the security oper-ations of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration and the stability of the trans-portation security workforce by applying a unified personnel system under title 5, United States Code, to employees of the Transportation Security Administration who are responsible for screening passengers and property, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. D URBIN , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 3526. A bill to provide incentives for States to invest in practices and technology that are designed to expedite voting at the polls and to simplify voter registration; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mrs. B
OXER ): S. 3527. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prevent high net worth individuals from receiving tax windfalls for entering government service; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. HEITKAMP: S. 3528. A bill to provide for mandatory training for Federal Government supervisors and the assessment of management com-petencies; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 3529. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a progressive consumption tax and to reform the income tax, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 3530. A bill to allow the use of claims, eligibility, and payment data to produce re-ports, analyses, and presentations to benefit Medicare, and other similar health insurance programs, entities, researchers, and health care providers, to help develop cost saving approaches, standards, and reference mate-rials and to support medical care and im-proved payment models; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. RISCH: S. 3531. A bill to designate certain National Forest System land in the State of Idaho as wilderness; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 3532. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to pro-vide funds to States and Indian tribes for the purpose of promoting economic revitaliza-tion, diversification, and development in economically distressed communities through the reclamation and restoration of land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining carried out before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. TESTER ): S. 3533. A bill to amend the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 and the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to discourage litiga-tion against the Forest Service and the Bu-reau of Land Management relating to land management projects; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mrs. FISCHER: S. 3534. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to permit the Secretary of the Treasury to locate and recover certain assets of the United States Government; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 3535. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from employing any indi-vidual who has been convicted of a felony and medical personnel who have had their medical licenses or credentials revoked or suspended, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 3536. A bill to impose sanctions on per-sons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq and to ad-dress the emergency in Syria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Medicare outpatient rehabili-tation therapy caps. 
S. 627 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 627, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in elec-tronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 742 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 742, a bill to appropriately limit the au-thority to award bonuses to employees. 
S. 803 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 803, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide em-ployees in the private sector with an opportunity for compensatory time off, similar to the opportunity offered to Federal employees, and a flexible cred-it hour program to help balance the de-mands of work and family, and for other purposes. S. 1200 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1200, a bill to promote competi-tion and help consumers save money by giving them the freedom to choose where they buy prescription pet medi-cations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1588 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1588, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects relating to children and violence to provide access to school-based comprehensive mental health programs. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1866 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1866, a bill to establish the veterans’ business outreach center program, to improve the programs for veterans of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Sen-ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1911, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 2175 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2175, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of po-diatrists in the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2725 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2725, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to the ballistic missile program of Iran, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Mar 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\DEC2016\S08DE6.REC S08DE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6924 December 8, 2016 
S. 2726 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2726, a bill to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2957, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anni-versary of the first manned landing on the Moon. 
S. 2962 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2962, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform the low-in-come housing credit, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2989 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2989, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 3052 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3052, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 3177 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3177, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax-exempt financing of certain gov-ernment-owned buildings. 
S. 3237 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 3237, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 3384 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3384, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for middle-income housing, and for other purposes. 
S. 3448 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3448, a bill to provide for the creation of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel Records Collection at the National Ar-chives, to require the expeditious pub-lic transmission to the Archivist and the public disclosure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records, and for other purposes. S. 3478 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3478, a bill to require continued and enhanced annual reporting to Con-gress in the Annual Report on Inter-national Religious Freedom on anti-Se-mitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish com-munities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European gov-ernments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti- Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 3491 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3491, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to provide justice to victims of fraud. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. 3525. A bill to enhance the security operations of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration and the stability of the transportation security work-force by applying a unified personnel system under title 5, United States Code, to employees of the Transpor-tation Security Administration who are responsible for screening pas-sengers and property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, the leg-islation I will introduce shortly focuses on a small sector of the Federal work-force. But there is a broader message that I would like to deliver as well today. There is something I want to say to all Federal workers: I have got your back. We have all been hearing statements by politicians in the halls of Congress, in the news, and even on Twitter threatening to gut the Federal work-force, cut earned benefits, reduce pay-checks, make it easier to fire people at will, and other destructive and mis-guided actions. To Federal employees, these state-ments must be particularly hurtful. Some may feel anxious and disheart-ened. But I want to assure all Federal workers that I am on your side. Your contributions are integral to our Na-tion. You live and work in small towns, in urban centers, and around the coun-try. You do crucial work for our gov-ernment and for the American people. As the capital of the United States, Washington, D.C., is often mistaken as the primary location for Federal work-ers. But this is patently false. Eighty- five per cent of Federal workers actu-ally live and work outside of the D.C. area. Federal workers live and work in every town, city, and State. In many places, the Federal Government is the main employer—and those jobs are vital to the local economy. The Fed-eral workforce represents the diversity of our country. Since 1960, the GDP has multiplied five times, new agencies have been added to the government, and the re-sponsibilities of Federal workers have grown exponentially, and yet hiring has stagnated. The civilian workforce, not including Postal Service employ-ees, is roughly the same size it was during the Kennedy administration, at around 2 million. Pledges from short-sighted politi-cians about privatizing government services and programs like Medicare and Social Security would cause many Federal jobs to vanish and impair ac-cess to Federal services. This would put real Americans out of work and cause measurable economic hardship to local and State economies. In addition, the government is the number one employer of veterans, par-ticularly disabled veterans who have trouble finding jobs in the private sec-tor. Freezing hiring or cutting the workforce means fewer opportunities for America’s heroes. That is why I want the next adminis-tration to understand the importance of Federal workers. Their jobs cannot be outsourced, replaced by machines, cut, or consolidated. I would urge the next administration to stop using our Federal workforce for purposes of par-tisan rhetoric and political games. I want to let Federal workers know that I will continue to work in the Sen-ate to fight efforts to undermine you and the work that you do. I will look for opportunities to improve the Fed-eral workplace and strengthen the Fed-eral workforce. So keep up the good work across America. You can count on me for support. Today I also rise to introduce the Strengthening American Transpor-tation Security Act of 2016, SATSA. This bill would extend to Transpor-tation Security Officers, TSO, the same worker rights and protections under Title 5 of the U.S. Code that most other Federal workers enjoy and that TSOs are currently denied. TSOs are Federal employees who work on the frontlines of aviation secu-rity, and make up 70 percent of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’s workforce. They provide essen-tial protection to all Americans by screening passengers and baggage at our airports. Every day TSOs stop eight guns from getting on our airplanes. That’s nearly 3,000 guns a year. They hold life-saving jobs and TSOs deserve parity under Title 5 of the U.S. Code. My bill would provide fair treatment to TSO’s and, in doing so, would improve passenger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.024 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6925 December 8, 2016 
safety and enhance the overall capac-ity of the Federal workforce respon-sible for protecting our aviation trans-portation system. I am proud to introduce SATSA, which would improve the morale and stability of TSOs, the Federal workers keeping our airports and aviation trav-el safe. I want to thank my colleagues that have joined as original cosponsors of this bill: Senators B
ROWN , MERKLEY , W
ARREN , F RANKEN , P ETERS , T ESTER , and H
EINRICH . Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3525 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening American Transpor-tation Security Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Conversion of screening personnel. Sec. 5. Transition rules. Sec. 6. Consultation requirement. Sec. 7. No right to strike. Sec. 8. Regulations. Sec. 9. Delegations to Administrator. Sec. 10. Authorization of appropriations. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On September 11, 2001, 19 terrorists, who underwent airport security screening prior to boarding domestic flights, were able to commandeer 4 airplanes and use those air-planes to perpetrate the most deadly ter-rorist attack ever to be executed on United States soil. (2) In the aftermath of those attacks, Con-gress passed the Aviation and Transpor-tation Security Act (Public Law 107–71), which was signed into law by President George W. Bush on November 19, 2001— (A) to enhance the level of security screen-ing throughout our aviation system; and (B) to transfer responsibility for such screening from the private sector to the newly established Transportation Security Administration (referred to in this section as ‘‘TSA’’). (3) By establishing TSA, Congress and the American public recognized that the highest level of screener performance was directly linked to employment and training stand-ards, pay and benefits, and the creation of an experienced, committed screening workforce. (4) Section 111(d) of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (49 U.S.C. 44935 note) authorizes the Under Secretary of Transportation for Security to ‘‘employ, ap-point, discipline, terminate, and fix the com-pensation, terms, and conditions of employ-ment of Federal service for such a number of individuals as the Under Secretary deter-mines to be necessary to carry out the screening functions of the Under Secretary under section 44901 of title 49, United States Code’’. The functions of the TSA were trans-ferred to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity by section 403 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 203). (5) TSA has interpreted the authorization set forth in paragraph (4) as applying to the majority of the Transportation Security Of-ficer workforce performing screening func-tions, while all other Transportation Secu-rity Administration employees, including managers, are subject to title 5, United States Code, as incorporated in title 49 of such Code. (6) In November 2006, the International Labor Organization ruled that the Bush Ad-ministration violated international labor law when it prohibited Transportation Secu-rity Officers from engaging in collective bar-gaining. (7) After the Federal Labor Relations Board approved a petition for the election of an exclusive representative, on February 4, 2011, TSA Administrator John Pistole issued a binding determination stating that ‘‘it is critical that every TSA employee feels that he or she has a voice and feels safe raising issues and concerns of all kinds. This is im-portant not just for morale; engagement of every employee is critically important for security.’’. (8) This determination was superseded by a second determination issued on December 29, 2014, which changed the previous guideline for collective bargaining and resulting in limitations in the subjects that can be bar-gained, issues in dispute that may be raised to an independent, third-party neutral deci-sion maker (such as an arbitrator or the Merit Systems Protection Board), and bar-riers to union representation of the Trans-portation Security Officer workforce. (9) The 2011 and 2014 determinations both cited TSA’s authority under section 111(d) of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (49 U.S.C. 44935 note) to create a per-sonnel system that denies the Transpor-tation Security Officer workforce the rights under title 5, United States Code, that are provided to most other Federal workers, in-cluding— (A) the right to appeal adverse personnel decisions to the Merit Systems Protection Board; (B) fair pay under the General Services wage system, 2011; (C) fair pay and raises under the General Services wage system, including overtime guidelines, access to earned leave; (D) the application of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.); (E) fair performance appraisals under chap-ter 73 of title 5, United States Code; and (F) direct protections against employment discrimination set forth in title 7, United States Code. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the personnel system utilized by the Transportation Security Administration pursuant to section 111(d) of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (49 U.S.C. 44935 note) provides insufficient workplace protections for the Transportation Security Officer workforce, who are the frontline per-sonnel who secure our Nation’s aviation sys-tem; and (2) such personnel should be entitled to the protections under title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the official within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security who is respon-sible for overseeing and implementing trans-portation security pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, whether designated as the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Administration), the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, the Undersecretary of Transportation for Secu-rity, or otherwise. (2) AGENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ means an Executive agency, as defined by section 105 of title 5, United States Code. (3) C
ONVERSION DATE .—The term ‘‘conver-sion date’’ means the date as of which para-graphs (1) through (3) of section 3(b) take ef-fect. (4) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘cov-ered employee’’ means an employee who holds a covered position. (5) C
OVERED POSITION .—The term ‘‘covered position’’ means— (A) a position within the Transportation Security Administration; and (B) any position within the Department of Homeland Security, not described in sub-paragraph (A), the duties and responsibilities of which involve providing transportation se-curity in furtherance of the purposes of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71), as determined by the Secretary. (6) E
MPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning given such term by section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (8) TSA 
PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— The term ‘‘TSA personnel management sys-tem’’ means any personnel management sys-tem established or modified under— (A) section 111(d) of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (49 U.S.C. 44935 note); or (B) section 114(n) of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. CONVERSION OF SCREENING PER-SONNEL. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL  A
UTHORITIES .— (1) TSA 
PERSONAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— Section 114 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (n). (2) T
ERMINATION OF FLEXIBILITY IN EMPLOY -
MENT OF SCREENER PERSONNEL .—Section 111 of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (49 U.S.C. 44935 note) is amended by striking subsection (d). (3) H
UMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT SYS -
TEM.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 9701 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (i) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); and (ii) by inserting after subsection (g) the following: ‘‘(h) L
IMITATION .—The human resources management system authorized under this section shall not apply to covered employees or covered positions (as such terms are de-fined in section 3 of the Strengthening Amer-ican Transportation Security Act of 2016).’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by subparagraph (A) shall take effect on the date set forth in subsection (b). (b) C
OVERED EMPLOYEES AND POSITIONS  M
ADESUBJECT TO SAME PERSONNEL MANAGE -
MENT SYSTEM AS APPLIES TO CIVIL SERVICE  E
MPLOYEES GENERALLY .—On the earlier of a date determined by the Secretary or 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) all TSA personnel management per-sonnel policies, directives, letters, and guide-lines, including the Determinations of Feb-ruary 2011 and December 2014 shall cease to be effective; (2) any human resources management sys-tem established or adjusted under section 9701 of title 5, United States Code, shall cease to be effective with respect to covered employees and covered positions; and (3) covered employees and covered posi-tions shall become subject to the applicable labor provisions under title 49, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.027 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6926 December 8, 2016 
SEC. 5. TRANSITION RULES. 
(a) N ONREDUCTION IN RATE OF PAY.—Any conversion of an employee from a TSA per-sonnel management system to the provisions of law referred to in section 4(b)(3) shall be effected, under pay conversion rules pre-scribed by the Secretary, without any reduc-tion in the rate of basic pay payable to such employee. (b) P
RESERVATION OF OTHER RIGHTS .—The Secretary shall take any necessary actions to ensure, for any covered employee as of the conversion date, that— (1) all service performed by such covered employee before the conversion date is cred-ited in the determination of such employee’s length of service for purposes of applying the provisions of law governing leave, pay, group life and health insurance, severance pay, ten-ure, and status, which are made applicable to such employee under section 4(b)(3); (2) all annual leave, sick leave, or other paid leave accrued, accumulated, or other-wise available to the covered employee im-mediately before the conversion date re-mains available to the employee, until used, while the employee remains continuously employed by the Department of Homeland Security; and (3) the Government share of any premiums or other periodic charges under the provi-sions of law governing group health insur-ance remains at the level in effect imme-diately before the conversion date while the employee remains continuously employed by the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 6. CONSULTATION REQUIREMENT. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE REPRESENTATIVE .—The labor organization certified by the Federal Labor Relations Authority on June 29, 2011, or suc-cessor organization shall be deemed the ex-clusive representative of full- and part-time nonsupervisory personnel carrying out screening functions under section 44901 of title 49, United States Code under chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code, with full rights under such chapter 71. (b) C
ONSULTATION RIGHTS .—Not later than 14 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) consult with the exclusive representa-tive for employees under chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code, on the formulation of plans and deadlines to carry out the conver-sion of covered employees and covered posi-tions under this Act; and (2) provide final written plans to the exclu-sive representative on how the Secretary in-tends to carry out the conversion of covered employees and covered positions under this Act, including with respect to— (A) the proposed conversion date; and (B) measures to ensure compliance with section 5. (c) R
EQUIRED AGENCY RESPONSE .—If any views or recommendations are presented under subsection (b)(2) by the exclusive rep-resentative, the Secretary shall consider the views or recommendations before taking final action on any matter with respect to which the views or recommendations are pre-sented and provide the exclusive representa-tive a written statement of the reasons for the final actions to be taken. (d) S
UNSET PROVISION .—The provisions of this section shall cease to be effective as of the conversion date. 
SEC. 7. NO RIGHT TO STRIKE. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed— (1) to repeal or otherwise affect— (A) section 1918 of title 18, United States Code (relating to disloyalty and asserting the right to strike against the Government); or (B) section 7311 of title 5, United States Code (relating to loyalty and striking); or (2) to otherwise authorize any activity which is not permitted under either provi-sion of law cited in paragraph (1). SEC. 8. REGULATIONS. 
The Secretary may prescribe any regula-tions that may be necessary to carry out this Act. 
SEC. 9. DELEGATIONS TO ADMINISTRATOR. 
The Secretary may, with respect to any authority or function vested in the Sec-retary under any of the preceding provisions of this Act, delegate any such authority or function to the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration under such terms, conditions, and limitations, in-cluding the power of redelegation, as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. 
By Mr. CARDIN: S. 3529. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a progressive consumption tax and to re-form the income tax, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to introduce the Progressive Consumption Tax Act of 2016. We need a tax code that is fair for American employers and fair for Amer-ican families. We need a tax code that makes our U.S.-based businesses more competitive. Finally, we need a tax code that allows us to responsibly and reliably collect reasonable revenues. I introduced a version of this bill in the 113th Congress to provide an open-ing for discussion and a first oppor-tunity to review legislative language for this type of comprehensive tax re-form. Since the introduction of the Pro-gressive Consumption Tax Act, many policymakers, including in Congress, have become increasingly interested in moving to a border-adjustable con-sumption tax base. As we move towards consideration of comprehensive tax reform in 2017, I wanted to reintroduce an updated version of this bill, which I think shows what progressive, fiscally re-sponsible, pro-growth tax reform could look like. As many of my colleagues recognize, the extent to which we rely on income taxes is very out of step with the rest of the world. Compared to other countries that are in the OECD—developed countries with advanced economies, countries that we want to be competitive with—all taxes as a percentage of GDP in the United States are low. But, the U.S. is not a low income tax country. Our income tax revenues as a percentage of GDP are higher than the OECD countries. We have some of the highest statutory income tax rates in the world. What accounts for the difference is that all OECD countries except the U.S. have a consumption tax. In fact, about 150 countries now have a con-sumption tax, many of which were en-acted decades ago. Unlike the U.S., these countries can tax imports and subsidize exports by rebating their consumption taxes for exports—without violating current World Trade Organization, WTO, rules. As important, these countries can sus-tain reductions in their corporate in-come tax rates, because they have an alternative and more pro-growth rev-enue source—a consumption tax. The Progressive Consumption Tax Act puts this country on a competitive playing field by providing for a broad- based progressive consumption tax, or PCT, at a rate of 10 percent. The PCT would generate revenue by taxing goods and services, rather than income. This is not simply an add-on tax. The revenues generated by the act would be used to eliminate an income tax liabil-ity for most households. This bears re-peating: instead of paying an income tax, most Americans households, under this bill, would only pay a consumption tax. Those who do still have an income tax liability would see a much sim-plified income tax with their marginal rates reduced—the top marginal indi-vidual income tax rate, applying to taxable income over $500,000 for joint filers, would be 28 percent. The current top marginal rate, applying to taxable income over approximately $450,000 for joint filers, is 39.6 percent. Four important tax benefits remain: the charitable contribution deduction, the state and local tax deduction, health and retirement benefits, and the mortgage interest deduction. The act would also slice our cor-porate rate by more than half, to 17 percent. Finally, the act would provide re-bates to lower- and moderate-income families to counteract their consump-tion tax burden and to replace essen-tial support programs like the Earned Income Tax Credit and Child Tax Cred-it. Like the EITC and CTC, Individuals and families who do not have an in-come tax liability would still be able to receive these rebates. A key part of the act is progressivity. By eliminating an income tax liability for a significant number of households and providing rebates, the act is meant to be at least as progressive as the cur-rent system. The act is also meant to responsibly raise reasonable revenues. I know that some have concerns that the act would just provide a new lever for the govern-ment to raise funds. That is why the act contains a revenue ‘‘circuit break-er’’ mechanism that returns excess PCT revenues to taxpayers if a certain threshold is met. The PCT is not meant to be a means to quickly raise revenues while disregarding the effects of higher consumption taxes on U.S. families and employers. Overall, the Progressive Consump-tion Tax Act has many advantages compared to past reform efforts. First, it encourages saving. Under current law, families and individuals are taxed on income, which includes savings. Under the act, most house-holds would be exempt from the in-come tax, and thus would be able to save tax free. The act enhances U.S. economic com-petitiveness. The U.S. corporate in-come tax rate would be lowered to 17 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.026 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6927 December 8, 2016 
percent, encouraging multinational corporations to locate here, not abroad. OECD countries currently at-tracting U.S. multinationals often im-pose higher consumption or corporate tax rates than those envisioned by the act. In fact, if the Progressive Consump-tion Tax Act became law, every top statutory rate in the United States— our individual income tax rate, our corporate tax rate, our consumption tax rate—would be at least five per-centage points lower than the OECD average. The act encourages economic growth. In a study that examined 35 years of data on 21 OECD countries, consump-tion taxes were found to be more growth-friendly than both personal in-come taxes and corporate income taxes. Corporate income taxes, espe-cially, appear to have the most nega-tive effect on GDP per capita. Growth- oriented tax reform should move away from income tax revenues and towards consumption tax revenues, as the act does. The act also enhances U.S. trade competitiveness. Countries with con-sumption taxes can adjust their taxes at the border by rebating exports. That means that these countries can agree to reduced tariffs under trade agree-ments, can still tax imports with their consumption taxes, and can export their own goods without a full tax load. Because the PCT is border-adjusted, the U.S. would be able to maintain ex-port and import tax parity in the same way as these other countries. In addi-tion, the PCT is designed to achieve these benefits while being compliant with WTO rules. The act reduces income tax compli-ance costs. Most households would not have an income tax liability under the act—although they would need to pro-vide key pieces of information to the IRS in order to obtain their rebates. Finally, the act protects low- and middle-income families from an unfair tax burden. Through the income tax exemption and rebate feature, the Pro-gressive Consumption Tax Act aims to ensure that this new tax system is at least as progressive as the current in-come tax system. When my colleagues and others talk to me about comprehensive, respon-sible, pro-growth tax reform, this to me is what we need to do. That is why I am pleased to reintro-duce the Progressive Consumption Tax Act in this Congress. This newest version of the act responds to input from stakeholders that we received last year. As important, the act shows ex-actly what serious, comprehensive con-sumption-based tax reform legislation looks like. As this Congress closes and the new Congress convenes, I hope we will stand for what is right in our tax code, and enact the type of reform that allows our country to have among the lowest tax rates in the industrialized world, and the fairest system for all Ameri-cans. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5139. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. SA 5140. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5139 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 2028, supra. SA 5141. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2028, supra. SA 5142. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5141 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 2028, supra. SA 5143. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5142 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 5141 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 2028, supra. SA 5144. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house’’. SA 5145. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5144 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 612, supra. SA 5146. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 612, supra. SA 5147. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5146 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 612, supra. SA 5148. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5147 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 5146 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 612, supra. SA 5149. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 612, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5150. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5139. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 1 day after en-actment.’’ 
SA 5140. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5139 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 5141. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 3 days after en-actment.’’ 
SA 5142. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5141 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
SA 5143. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5142 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 5141 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 2028, mak-ing appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’. 
SA 5144. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 612, to des-ignate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Vic-toria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 1 day after en-actment.’’ 
SA 5145. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5144 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal build-ing and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Court-house’’; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 5146. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 612, to des-ignate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Vic-toria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 3 days after en-actment.’’ 
SA 5147. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5146 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal build-ing and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Court-house’’; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
SA 5148. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5147 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 5146 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 612, to des-ignate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Vic-toria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.047 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6928 December 8, 2016 
‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’. 
SA 5149. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 2113 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 2113. TAXPAYER-PRODUCED IRON AND STEEL IN PUBLIC WATER SYSTEMS. 
Section 1452(a) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(a)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENT FOR THE USE OF AMER -
ICAN MATERIALS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF IRON AND STEEL PROD -
UCTS.—In this paragraph, the term ‘iron and steel products’ means the following products made, in part, of iron or steel: ‘‘(i) Lined or unlined pipe and fittings. ‘‘(ii) Manhole covers and other municipal castings. ‘‘(iii) Hydrants. ‘‘(iv) Tanks. ‘‘(v) Flanges. ‘‘(vi) Pipe clamps and restraints. ‘‘(vii) Valves. ‘‘(viii) Structural steel. ‘‘(ix) Reinforced precast concrete. ‘‘(x) Construction materials. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in subparagraph (C), none of the funds made available by a State loan fund authorized under this section shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, mainte-nance, or repair of a public water system un-less all the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator finds that— ‘‘(i) applying subparagraph (B) would be in-consistent with the public interest; ‘‘(ii) iron and steel products are not pro-duced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a sat-isfactory quality; or ‘‘(iii) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. ‘‘(D) P
UBLIC NOTICE ; WRITTEN JUSTIFICA -
TION.— ‘‘(i) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this paragraph, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(I) make available to the public on an in-formal basis, including on the public website of the Administrator— ‘‘(aa) a copy of the request; and ‘‘(bb) any information available to the Ad-ministrator regarding the request; and ‘‘(II) provide notice of, and opportunity for informal public comment on, the request for a period of not less than 15 days before mak-ing a finding under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) W
RITTEN JUSTIFICATION .—If, after the period provided under clause (i), the Admin-istrator makes a finding under subparagraph (C), the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a detailed written justifica-tion as to why subparagraph (B) is being waived. ‘‘(E) A
PPLICATION .—This paragraph shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. ‘‘(F) MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT .—The Administrator may use not more than 0.25 percent of any funds made available to carry out this title for management and oversight of the requirements of this paragraph.’’. 
SA 5150. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NO BUDGET NO PAY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘No Budget, No Pay Act’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Member of Congress’’— (1) has the meaning given under section 2106 of title 5, United States Code; and (2) does not include the Vice President. (c) T
IMELY APPROVAL OF CONCURRENT RES-
OLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIA -
TIONS BILLS.—If both Houses of Congress have not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget as described under section 301 of the Congressional Budget and Impound-ment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632) for a fiscal year before October 1 of that fiscal year and have not passed all the regular ap-propriations bills for the next fiscal year be-fore October 1 of that fiscal year, the pay of each Member of Congress may not be paid for each day following that October 1 until the date on which both Houses of Congress ap-prove a concurrent resolution on the budget for that fiscal year and all the regular appro-priations bills. (d) N
OPAYWITHOUT CONCURRENT RESOLU -
TION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIATIONS  B
ILLS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds may be ap-propriated or otherwise be made available from the United States Treasury for the pay of any Member of Congress during any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e). (2) N
O RETROACTIVE PAY .—A Member of Congress may not receive pay for any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e), at any time after the end of that period. (e) D
ETERMINATIONS .— (1) S
ENATE .— (A) R
EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc- tober 1 of each year, the Secretary of the Senate shall submit a request to the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate for certification of determinations made under clause (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). (B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate shall— (i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Sen-ators may not be paid under that subsection; (ii) determine the period of days following each October 1 that Senators may not be paid under subsection (c); and (iii) provide timely certification of the de-terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Secretary of the Senate. (2) HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— (A) R
EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc- tober 1 of each year, the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives shall submit a request to the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives for certification of deter-minations made under clause (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). (B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives shall— (i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Mem-bers of the House of Representatives may not be paid under that subsection; (ii) determine the period of days following each October 1 that Members of the House of Representatives may not be paid under sub-section (c); and (iii) provide timely certification of the de-terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Chief Administrative Offi-cer of the House of Representatives. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply on and after the date on which the One Hundred Sixteenth Congress convenes. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I have one request for a committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STATE DEPARTMENT AND  
USAID MANAGEMENT , INTERNATIONAL OPER -
ATIONS , AND BILATERAL INTERNATIONAL DE -
VELOPMENT  
The Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Management, International Operations, and Bilateral International Development is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on De-cember 8, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘State Department and USAID Management Challenges and Opportunities for the Next Admin-istration.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the Army defense fellow for Senator T
OMUDALL , Mr. Shawn Brown, be granted floor privi-leges for the remainder of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Ryan Bodge, my militarily liaison, be granted floor privileges for the rest of this weekend. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE6.048 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6929 December 8, 2016 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Friday, Decem-ber 9; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 2028. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:41 p.m., adjourned until Friday, December 9, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08DE6.124 S08DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1635 December 8, 2016 
HONORING KELLY CRAVEN 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, it was thanks to an incredible stoke of good luck that, when I became speaker, I inherited an excep-tionally talented director of House operations: the one and only Kelly Craven. I don’t know what I would have done without her. First of all, she knows every nook and cranny of the building, which came in handy when she oversaw the first renovation of the Capitol dome in over 50 years. But more important than that, she seems to know every single person who works here. From working closely with House officers to helping up-and-coming staffers find the right job, she treats everyone with the same kindhearted respect—and she has a tireless work ethic to boot. But it shouldn’t have been a surprise. Kelly has worked long and hard at building up this institution into the House we know and love. She started as a chief of staff to Rep. Steve Buyer and later served as deputy staff director of the House Veterans Affairs committee. She then became assistant director of the House Office of Interparliamentary Affairs and after that, staff director of the House Administration Committee. She rose through the ranks and it’s not hard to see why. Kelly is simply first- rate. I know she also once served as a deputy assistant secretary of the Air Force—which is in and of itself an impressive achievement. But thanks to her many years of dedication to the House of Representatives, we’re claiming her as the legislative branch’s own. You might say we consider her congressional timber. It is hard to say goodbye to such a wonder-ful member of our team, but all of us know Kelly will continue her legacy of public service in the next chapter of her life. We wish her all the best, and on behalf of the members and staff, we extend our many heartfelt thanks to the great Kelly Craven. 
f 
THE MOST TRUSTED NEWSMAN IN HOUSTON: DAVE WARD 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Dave Ward is your father, brother, trusted friend. If you’re from Houston, he’s been with you most, if not all, of your life. He’s the person the city turns to when they need straight talk, or when they want the no-spin facts, in times of national tragedy, or when they want to relish the suc-cess of the country’s most diverse city. The longest running TV anchor in history will close his last 6 pm newscast on KTRK Channel 13 tomorrow. He will move on from the only TV station he’s ever worked for and he’s still at the top of his game. This year he marked the 50th anniversary of his first day on the job at KTRK Channel 13. It’s the longest run at the same TV station, ac-cording to Guinness World Records. He ar-rived at Channel 13 in the 1960s and took the station from third place to the top of the rat-ings into the 70s and beyond for the next 45 years. Dave joined KTRK–TV in 1966 as an on-the-street reporter and photographer. The next year he was assigned to anchor Channel 13’s weekday 7 am newscast. In 1968, Dave was assigned to anchor the weekday 6 pm and 10 pm newscasts where he has remained one of Houston’s most experienced news pro-fessionals. Born in Dallas and raised in Huntsville, Dave’s broadcast career began in radio with KGKB in Tyler. Then to WACO radio in Waco, Texas, then a stop in Houston and KNUZ/ KQUE. He started out as a reporter known for his grit and determination and for talking di-rectly to Houstonians to see what they’re thinking. During his career with 13 Eyewitness News, Dave has reported on everything from presi-dential elections to space walks, and even the Vietnam Peace Talks. He’s covered fires, ex-plosions, earthquakes, floods, and hurricanes throughout Texas and the region. He’s inter-viewed heads of state and traveled to Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Panama, Nicaragua, and Colombia on numerous stories. He’s also covered several national political conventions and worked extensively with NASA on Mer-cury, Gemini, Apollo and shuttle missions. Dave also landed a special one-on-one inter-view with President Barack Obama. In 2007, Dave was awarded an Emmy and the pres-tigious Lifetime Achievement Award in Broad-cast Emmys presented by the Lone Star Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. In addition to his extraordinary broadcast career, I will always remember Dave for his role in the establishment of Houston Crime Stoppers, which has become the model of ex-cellence for similar programs across the na-tion. As a judge on the bench during this time, I remember his iconic tagline, ‘‘Crime Stoppers will pay a one thousand dollar cash reward this week for information leading to the arrest and grand jury indictment of the person re-sponsible’’ and that it led to thousands of tips coming into the Crime Stoppers hotline, hun-dreds of thousands of dollars in rewards, and millions in recovered property. Just a day after celebrating his 50th anniversary on air, the first-in-the-nation Dave Ward Crime Stoppers Headquarters broke ground in Houston. The new facility will be the cornerstone of Hous-ton’s first Public Safety and Crime Prevention Block. When asked to reflect on his career, Dave told his colleagues at KTRK, ‘‘I am very proud of my work here at Channel 13 over the past 50 years. I will always cherish having wit-nessed firsthand the transformation of this great city,’’ said Mr. Ward. ‘‘I leave Channel 13 with a lifetime’s worth of memories, having reported on some of Houston’s greatest mo-ments of triumph and tragedy, including the Moon landing in 1969, the first and last space shuttle launches and many in between, and the recovery efforts following Hurricane Ike in 2008. I would like to extend my heartfelt ap-preciation to my loyal viewers, my friends, without whom my extensive career would not have been possible. My 50 year tenure at Channel 13 represents the hallmark of my ca-reer, and I look forward to the next chapter.’’ We look forward to Dave’s next chapter too. Today in his trademark down-to-earth style, we will hear Dave begin the 6 pm newscast with ‘‘Good evening, friends,’’ for the last time. We will say goodnight to the most trusted newsman in Houston. And that’s just the way it is. f 
CELEBRATING INDIANA’S BICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the State of Indiana’s Bicen-tennial Anniversary. 200 years ago, on De-cember 11, 1816, our great state was admit-ted to be a part of the United States of Amer-ica, and I am so proud to call Indiana and its Northwest region my home. I believe that Northwest Indiana is the best place in the world to live, work, visit, study, and raise a family, and it is an honor and privi-lege to represent this area on the 200th Birth-day of our state. I also want to thank my Indi-ana colleagues for establishing the time today to discuss this historic event. It is always a privilege to be able to work with you, along with Senator C
OATS and Senator D ONNELLY , on behalf of the issues that impact our great state. Our state and our region have a rich history in agriculture production, and in addition to the value of Indiana land, I believe that people have been drawn to Northwest Indiana be-cause of the pristine beauty of our lakeshore and the Lake Michigan water. We are so fortu-nate to be situated along the largest body of fresh water on the planet. For 200 years, our shoreline has been an invaluable natural asset that has attracted people and has driven eco-nomic opportunities, and I have no doubt that it will continue to do so for the next 200 years and beyond. We also are fortunate that over a hundred years ago, businesses saw the value in the Northwest region of Indiana and decided to make investments to create unprecedented steel mills and oil refineries. It is because of these investments in Northwest Indiana that our steelworkers and steel mills are able to currently make the best and most efficient steel in the world. No other area of our coun-try makes more steel than Northwest Indiana. Steel is the foundation of our economy, our national defense, and is essential for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.001 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1636 December 8, 2016 
transportation infrastructure. It has been an economic engine for our state this past cen-tury and we must continue to work to see that our industrial base and Indiana manufacturing continue to power us forward in future cen-turies. Finally, I am proud of all the hardworking people in Northwest Indiana and our state and the contributions that they have provided to our nation over the past 200 years. They have built transportation infrastructure in our state that connects rail, road, and waterway sys-tems that traverse our nation. Our airports and ports along Lake Michigan serve as gateways to connect people and economic activity within our state to the rest of the world. Our Indiana National Guard servicemembers have also selflessly protected us every day of our past 200 years, including during the Civil War and the over 17,000 servicemembers who have been deployed overseas since September 11, 2001. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me now in cele-brating the vibrant history of Indiana’s steel and manufacturing industries, our unparalleled natural resources, and our industrious and courageous people, by wishing Indiana a very happy 200th Birthday. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SHERIFF GARY S. BORDERS 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is with sincere appreciation that I recognize Lake County Sheriff Gary S. Borders for his leader-ship and service to Lake County. After more than 36 years of service, Sheriff Borders will retire at the end of his term in January. Sheriff Borders began his law enforcement career with the Osceola County Sheriff’s Of-fice in 1980, and received his Corrections Offi-cer Certification through the Criminal Justice Standards and Training Commission one year later. At the age of 24, he was selected as the Assistant Jail Administrator. Sheriff Borders came to the Lake County Sheriff’s Office in 1989 where he served as the Major and Chief Deputy in the Criminal Justice Operations Bureau until he was ap-pointed Sheriff of Lake County in 2006 by Governor Bush. During his tenure, Sheriff Bor-ders developed the agency’s first cybercrimes unit and street crimes unit. The agency be-came accredited for the first time in 2007, and has subsequently been awarded re-accredita-tions. Sheriff Borders has been a dedicated serv-ant to our community throughout his 36-year law enforcement career. Sheriff Borders’ re-markable service has also been recognized on the state level. He was honored as the 2008 Florida DARE Sheriff of the Year, Golden Eagle Honoree by the Boy Scouts of America Central Florida Council, and the 2010 Lake County Community Service Award in 2010. He volunteers on several boards including the Lake-Sumter Community College Foundation, Educational Foundation of Lake County, Crimeline Board of Directors, United Way Board of Directors, and Institute of Public Safety Advisory Board. I am honored to recognize Sheriff Borders, and thank him for his hard work and many contributions to the Central Florida community. His commitment to excellence, leadership and service is to be admired, and may it inspire others to follow in his footsteps. My sincerest wishes and congratulations to Sheriff Borders and his family on his retirement. f 
HONORING 2017 RHODES SCHOLAR LAUREN JACKSON 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recog-nize Lauren Jackson, who became one of 32 American students to be named as a 2017 Rhodes Scholar to the University of Oxford in England. A 2013 graduate of Pulaski Academy in Lit-tle Rock, Lauren became the first Arkansan to be named a Rhodes Scholar since 2003. She received a full merit scholarship to the University of Virginia (UVA) and a $20,000 Jefferson Public Citizens research grant to study post-traumatic stress syndrome in post- genocide Rwanda. Currently a senior at the University of Vir-ginia, Lauren is completing a bachelor’s de-gree in political and social thought with the plan to pursue master’s degrees in both global governance and diplomacy and refugee and forced migration studies at Oxford. While at the University of Virginia, Lauren has been on track to pursue her goal of a ca-reer in journalism, writing as a columnist for the Cavalier Daily while serving as creative di-rector for V Magazine and president of the Latter-Day Saint Student Association. On behalf of all Arkansans, congratulations, and we look forward to following your contin-ued success. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RONALD LYNN 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Ronald L. Lynn and commend him on 35 years of service to the State of Nevada as Director and Chief Building and Fire Official of the Clark County Department of Building and Fire Prevention. Mr. Lynn retired from his post on August 5, 2016, after serving the greater Las Vegas area since 1981. Mr. Lynn’s professional accomplishments range from local to international. He has served in multiple roles at the International Code Council (ICC), including President of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Major Ju-risdiction Committee which represents the in-terests of cities and enforcement agencies throughout the country. Mr. Lynn also served as a member of the Board of Directors of the International Accredi-tation Service and is currently on the Board of Managers for the International Evaluation Services, both subsidiaries of the ICC. In addition, he serves as chairman of mul-tiple organizations: the McCarran Airport Haz-ards Area Board of Adjustment; the Nevada Earthquake Safety Council; and the Western States Seismic Policy Council’s Architecture, Engineering and Construction Committee. He is a member of the Nevada Hazard Mitigation Planning Committee and the Nevada Bureau of Mines & Geology Advisory Committee. Mr. Lynn was also appointed to the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program (NEHRP) Advisory Committee on Earthquake Hazards Reduction (ACEHR) by the National Institute of Standards & Technology. The con-gressionally authorized National Institute of Building Sciences has also appointed him to the Building Seismic Safety Council. In 2009, Mr. Lynn was recognized by the United States Congress for his contributions to the building safety community; and in 2010, he received a U.S. Senate commendation for his commitment to building safety, energy con-servation, and emergency response. Addition-ally, Governor Brian Sandoval of Nevada de-clared December 9, 2010, as Ronald L. Lynn Day. In 2012, Mr. Lynn received the Ron H. Brown Standards Leadership Award, named after the late Secretary of Commerce, in rec-ognition of his commitment to the U.S. stand-ardization system and conformity assessment community. He was the first code official to re-ceive this award. As an active contributor to the development of national voluntary con-sensus codes and systems and as a leader in the construction industry, Mr. Lynn helped pro-mote the important role of standardization in international trade agreements. In 2014, Mr. Lynn received the Community Achievement Award from the Asian American Group (AAG), the Government Person of the Year Award from the International Association of Plumbing & Mechanical Officials (IAPMO), and the Western States Seismic Policy Coun-cil Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2015 he received the International Code Council’s high-est award, the prestigious Bobby J. Fowler Award, for his career spent leading the build-ing safety industry. I am proud to recognize this exceptional Ne-vadan and thank him for his commitment to the people of Nevada and the entire United States. I first met Ron through my father Joe Titus who was Director of Building and Safety for the City of Henderson, Nevada, and often heard him testify on important safety issues during my time in the State Senate. I wish him and his wife, Denise, all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING CHARLIE BARRA 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise with my colleague Congressman M
IKE THOMPSON  today in recognition of Charlie Barra and his exceptional community service on the occa-sion of his 90th birthday on December 12, 2016. Born in Calpella, California in 1926 to Italian immigrants, both from generational wine grow-ing families, Charlie Barra and his two broth-ers spent their young teen years working in their father Antonio’s vineyard. In 1945, when Charlie was a junior in high school, he leased 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08DE8.002 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1637 December 8, 2016 
a ranch from one of his old Italian neighbors, beginning his long and successful independent career in viticulture. In 1955, Charlie purchased the 175-acre Redwood Valley Vineyards located at the headwaters of the Russian River. At the time, most growers were farming ‘‘standard’’ grapes that were used by the major wine producers to make basic table wines. Charlie worked with pioneers of the industry and began moving to a varietal-focused vineyard. He was one of the first growers on the North Coast to plant Chardonnay, Riesling, Cabernet Sauvignon, and Pinot Noir. As a true steward of the land, Charlie con-verted all his vineyards to organic grapes in 1989. In 1997, after a downturn in the grape market, Charlie and his wife Martha began BARRA of Mendocino Winery, specializing in premium wines. He was honored by Slow Foods San Francisco as a pioneer for organic farming in the United States in 2011. To this day, Charlie Barra prides himself on never having missed a harvest. Throughout his life, Charlie Barra has been an active member of the community. He was a founding member of the California North Coast Grape Growers association and served on its board for 41 years. Charlie was ap-pointed to the Mendocino County Planning commission in 1965 and again in 1975, and Governor Ronald Regan appointed him to the Mendocino County Board of Supervisors in 1968. Charlie Barra’s legacy is one of stewardship of the land, economic development and com-munity service to Mendocino County. Please join us in congratulating him on his 90th birth-day and expressing our deep appreciation for his long and exceptional life and outstanding contributions to our local economy. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF ERIC SPIEGEL 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Youngstown, Ohio, native Eric Spie-gel, CEO of Siemens USA, and congratulate him on his retirement. Mr. Spiegel has worked at Siemens for seven years, where he has been able to grow the company and further its reputation within the United States. As CEO he has shown tremendous leadership as he contributed to our country’s economic, manu-facturing, and innovation engines. While serving as President and CEO of Sie-mens USA, Mr. Spiegel focused on electrifica-tion, automation, and digitalization. Siemens USA is represented in all 50 states. Before joining the Siemens USA team, Mr. Spiegel gained 25 years of experience work-ing with many complex organizations during his time in the consulting field and served as the Managing Director of Booz Allen Hamilton International from 1999–2003, while living in Tokyo. Mr. Spiegel managed the firm’s busi-ness in Asia, Latin America, and in the Middle East in his role as Managing Director. Mr. Spiegel was a member of the Board of Direc-tors for Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc. and re-mained a senior partner of Booz & Company’s Global Energy, Chemicals and Power until tak-ing on his position at Siemens USA. Before Mr. Spiegel began his successful ca-reer, he earned an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College and an A.B. with Honors in Economics from Harvard Uni-versity. He remains a member of The Board of Overseers at Dartmouth’s Tuck School of Business. Mr. Spiegel has given back to the Wash-ington, DC communities in many ways, one being his dedication to Ford’s Theatre as a member of its Executive Committee. Mr. Spiegel’s accomplishments are many; includ-ing his position as a member of the Business Roundtable, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the Electrification Coalition. I wish Mr. Spiegel a happy retirement, and will continue to admire his accomplished ca-reer. f 
REMEMBERING JOHN LIGNELLI’S LIFETIME OF SERVICE 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a dedicated public servant, John Lignelli. ‘‘Chummy,’’ as his friends knew him, passed away on Thursday, December 1st at the age of 95. John was known best as the longtime hard working mayor of Donora, Pennsylvania, but John was no stranger to hard work and public service before being elected mayor. He at-tended Monongahela High School before he joined the Navy to serve his country during World War II. After the war, he returned to Western Pennsylvania to work in a steel mill. Before being elected to his first term as mayor of Donora in 1993, John served on the city’s council and was a 50-year member of the Donora Fire Department. In 2013, the citizens of Donora elected John Lignelli to his sixth term as their mayor. As mayor, John was a true public servant to his beloved Donora. He organized an annual cashew sale to raise money for a new local li-brary. He sold raffle tickets to purchase a new police cruiser after the only one they had broke down. Countless times he would open his own wallet if it meant improving the quality of life for Donora residents. He was chairman of the Washington County Housing Authority, where he fought to construct a senior citizen high-rise in Monongahela. Into his 90s, he still volunteered for Meals on Wheels and helped transport residents with special needs to serv-ices in nearby Charleroi. John was always searching for new opportunities to help his neighbors. In September of 2014, Mayor Lignelli decided to retire at the age of 93, cap-ping off his four decades of service to the peo-ple of Donora and the Monongahela Valley. Those who knew Chummy know his true passion was helping his community. I want to honor Mayor Lignelli for his decades of dedi-cation to public service, doing everything in his power to help his community. Mr. Speaker, Donora, Pennsylvania is known as the City of Champions, and they have lost a true cham-pion of public service. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, on December 5, 2016, I missed two recorded votes on the House floor due to a family illness. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call 602 and YEA on Roll Call 603. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MEGAN JACK-SON’S SERVICE TO KENTUCKY’S SECOND DISTRICT 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give my sincere thanks to Megan Spindel Jackson, my Deputy Chief of Staff and Legis-lative Director, who will be moving on from my office at the end of this year. Megan has been an essential part of my office since I came to Congress, and she will be missed. Megan grew up in Hawesville, Kentucky, where her parents are still active in the com-munity. Her mother was a public school teach-er and principal in Hawesville for more than 40 years. Inspired by a call to serve her commu-nity, Megan moved to Washington, D.C. after graduating from Centre College in 2002 to serve my predecessor. She has been dedi-cated to the Second District of Kentucky ever since then. I first met Megan in 2008, when she moved back to Kentucky to help me with my first campaign. Even though she had never met me before, she was dedicated to the cam-paign from day one. When I won, she was one of the first people I hired to work in my D.C. office. Megan has been an integral part of my leg-islative operation since I was elected, and has selflessly worked to better the lives of count-less Kentuckians. I cannot thank her enough for her years of service. Though I will miss her, I wish her, her husband Kyle, and their son Henry the best of luck as they start the next chapter of their lives. 
f 
HONORING ROGER AND SUE FOX 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Roger and Sue Fox and their retirement from the Oswego County Pioneer Search and Rescue Team. Roger and Sue became mem-bers of the Oswego County Pioneer Search and Rescue Team in 1994; Roger went on to serve as Director for more than ten years. Oswego County Pioneer Search and Res-cue is a first tier response agency that works with law enforcement to seek out those that are lost or stuck in hazardous conditions. To-gether, Sue and Roger have generously vol-unteered their time over the years to search 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08DE8.006 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1638 December 8, 2016 
for missing persons in Oswego County and throughout New York State. Roger and Sue Fox are fully trained in search and rescue techniques, land navigation, first aid, as well as survival methods. Roger and Sue are both trained in National Incident Management Sys-tems procedures and are certified Wild Land Search Crew Bosses. Roger and Sue have dedicated many years to the Oswego County Pioneer Search and Rescue team and have served their community honorably. Outside of the Oswego County Pioneer Search and Rescue Team, Roger and Sue have served their country and their community faithfully. Roger is a 1974 graduate of the United States Naval Academy and served ten years in the Navy as a helicopter pilot, spe-cializing in search and rescue and anti-sub-marine warfare. Roger and Sue were both members of the Parish Fire Department; Roger served as Chief, and Sue as a volun-teer EMT. Roger served as Chairman of the New York State Federation of Search and Rescue and was an instructor for the National Association for Search and Rescue. Sue taught at the Town of Parish elementary school and was a local Girl Scout Council Leader. I am honored to recognize Roger and Sue Fox for their lifelong commitment to public service and their dedication to our local com-munity. On behalf of the entire Central New York community, I would like to thank Roger and Sue for their dedication to serving our local community and I wish them the very best in their retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DALE E. KIMBLE 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dale E. Kimble, Chief Executive Of-ficer of DATCU, as he retires after nearly forty years in the financial services sector and also for his tireless community service in Denton County. Since joining DATCU in 2001, Mr. Kimble has dynamically led the Credit Union to double digit growth, increasing the assets of the insti-tution from $180 million to $868 million and more than doubling the membership of the Credit Union from 40,000 to over 88,000 members. Under his leadership, DATCU re-cently completed their construction and reloca-tion of its core operations to the new 52,000 square foot Corinth headquarters, providing much needed support for their growing assets and membership. During his tenure, DATCU has expanded the number of Denton County branch locations from four to ten. Through this tremendous growth, Mr. Kimble has ensured the financial stability of the orga-nization, recently ranked 7th best performing large credit union in 2012 by SNL Financial. DATCU has had consistent recognition as a five-star rated institution by Bauer Financial and recognition by IDC Financial Publishing as one of the few credit unions to achieve a per-fect score of 300, accomplished in both 2010 and 2011. In addition, Deposit Accounts.com has named DATCU a ‘‘Top 200’’ of the ap-proximate 6,500 credit unions in the country. Mr. Kimble’s effective leadership has also en-sured that the growing number of members has been served by a strong and loyal em-ployee base, evidenced by DATCU’s ranking by Texas Monthly as the 2nd Best Place to Work in Texas in 2009 and 2010, as 4th best place in 2013 and 2014 and 17th in 2015. This recognition resulted from nominations by the credit union’s own employees. Service to his community has also been a hallmark for Mr. Kimble and his wife, Pamela. In 2007, he and his wife were named as joint recipients of the Boy Scouts of America-Den-ton Distinguished Citizens Award. In 2009, they were again jointly honored by Health Services of North Texas’ Hearts and Heroes with the ‘‘Founders Award.’’ Mr. Kimble has also served in multiple North Texas commu-nity organizations, including his role as the in-augural Chairman of the Board for Serve Den-ton, Board Chairman of Denton Regional Med-ical Center, Health Services of North Texas, and the Denton Rotary Club. I am pleased to honor Mr. Kimble for his years of dedicated work and service to his profession and community and wish him as much success in his retirement as he has had in his career. It is privilege to represent Mr. Kimble, his family and DATCU in the U.S. House of Representatives. f 
HONORING JOHN KIMPEL 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause on Pearl Harbor Day to recog-nize John Kimpel, a native of the Kansas City area and a veteran of World War II. Mr. Kimpel served in the 44th Armored In-fantry Division in the European theater, where he received the Purple Heart after being wounded by a German shell on March 3, 1945. Mr. Kimpel received shrapnel wounds in his arm and both legs, which required almost two years’ worth of therapy and rehabilitation to recover from. After receiving his discharge, Mr. Kimpel worked for a short time at the Gen-eral Motors plant in Fairfax, Kansas, followed by a long career maintaining buses and equip-ment for the Shawnee Mission School District and the Kenneth Smith Golf Company. When many would have sought out a quiet retire-ment, Mr. Kimpel continued to volunteer at the Johnson County Christmas Bureau for 25 years, crafting many pieces for their Christmas displays. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me, his friends, and his family in recognizing John Kimpel for his accomplishments and his serv-ice to his country and his community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF JULIE HARWOOD 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Julie Harwood. Julie has dedicated her career to public serv-ice, serving constituents in Idaho for 23 years, 3 months and 2 days. Julie began her career with Senator James McClure, a man who served our great state well and one whom I’ve always admired. She has worked for Senator Dirk Kempthorne, be-fore I was lucky enough to have her join my team on August 1, 2003. There are people who call our office and will only talk to Julie. She treats people with kind-ness, respect and always helps them find the answer they are seeking—which is often not an easy task. Over the years, Julie has touched so many lives, it is impossible to name them all. How-ever, Kathy, myself, and my entire staff will miss her greatly. Congratulations Julie. I have a feeling you will be busy, but I hope you are not a stranger and please know you will always be part of Team SIMPSON . 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on Roll Call 608. I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ on Roll Call 608 had I been there. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote Number 613 on H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Stand-ards Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
HONORING ASHER WEINBAUM 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Asher Weinbaum. Asher is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1376, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Asher has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Asher has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Asher has led his troop as the Patrol Leader and Quartermaster. Asher has also contrib-uted to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Asher constructed a 160 foot path for Immacolata Manor in Liberty, Missouri, pro-viding a safe walkway for the home for women with developmental disabilities. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Asher Weinbaum for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08DE8.011 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1639 December 8, 2016 
and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RAMSAY HIGH SCHOOL IN BIRMINGHAM, ALA-BAMA ON ITS FIRST STATE FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Ramsay High School Rams 2016 Football Team for winning the Alabama High School Athletic Associa-tion’s Class 6A state football championship on Friday, December 2, 2016. The Rams defeated the Opelika Bulldogs 21–16, which gave Ramsay its first state foot-ball championship ever and the first for a Bir-mingham City School since another area high school won back to back state titles in 1972 and 1973. Mr. Speaker, what makes this victory even more special is that Ramsay discontinued its football program after the 1976 season, and didn’t resume the sport for 36 years until hiring its current coach, Rueben Nelson Jr., in the Spring of 2011. The Rams officially returned to the field in 2012, suffering through a one-win season and two wins the following season. The program is without football lockers, a football stadium, and many of the amenities that often lead to success. Yet, the players and coaches have persevered, and have now reached the pin-nacle of success. Speaking to their accomplishment following the game, Coach Nelson stated, ‘‘God allowed me to put my hands in His hands and He would lead the way. It’s not like I’m the head coach. He’s the head coach and I’m just the servant. He allows me to work with kids.’’ The Rams were 13–2 this season, and were led by their left-handed, Senior quarterback Baniko Harley, who rushed for 158 yards on 21 carries and completed 8 of 18 passes for 132 yards and two scores in the winning ef-fort. I want to extend heartfelt congratulations to these outstanding players and Coach Nelson. We are very proud of the team, and I am con-fident these young men have bright futures ahead for them, and will look back proudly on their achievement. I ask my colleagues to join me in recogni-tion of this team’s outstanding achievement. May their efforts continue to yield great suc-cess in the years ahead. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS ATTORNEY GENERAL SCOTT PRUITT 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, today, President-elect Donald Trump se-lected Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to serve as administrator of the Environment Protection Agency—yet another positive choice for the American people. A recent article in the Wall Street Journal notes, ‘‘As the chief legal officer of a major oil and natural-gas producing state, Mr. Pruitt, a Republican, has led legal fights against some of President Barack Obama’s most significant environmental rules, and one of his major roles as EPA administrator would likely be to roll back those regulations.’’ President-elect Trump stated that Attorney General Pruitt will, ‘‘restore the EPA’s essen-tial mission of keeping our air and our water clean and safe.’’ As the grateful father of South Carolina’s At-torney General Alan Wilson, I know firsthand the tenacity and dedication to upholding the Constitution and protecting American families that state Attorneys General have. I look for-ward to Attorney General Pruitt’s success in his new role, promoting limited government and expanded freedom. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE MAYWOOD SENIORS CLUB 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to congratulate the Village of May-wood and the 250 seniors who with the Hon-orable Mayor Edwina Perkins, Board of Trust-ees and the Honorable Village Clerk Viola Mims, and other dignitaries as they gather on Wednesday, December 14th at their 9th An-nual Christmas Party and Dinner at Mariella’s Banquet Hall. This event climaxes another year of engagement, fellowship, activities, in-formation and healthy meals for the 250 mem-bers. During 2016, these 250 members had exercise sessions, visited Brookfield Zoo and the DuSable Museum of African American His-tory, interacted with Promise East High School during Black History Month and benefitted from programs sponsored by the Secretary of State of Illinois and participated in a power of attorney workshop. They also held weekly meetings, had a sen-ior prom, outdoor jazz night and an R & B night. I commend the Maywood Seniors Club and urge them to keep their spirits high. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF RAFAEL RODRIGUEZ VALLE 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Rafael Rodriguez Valle, a World War II veteran, entrepreneur, pastor, and late grandfather of my staff member Jose Rafael Rodriguez. Rafael was a product of America’s greatest generation. He grew up during the Great De-pression in Puerto Rico and moved to New York City after his service in the U.S. Army during World War II. There he married the love of his life, Josefa, with whom he spent the rest of his life. He eventually returned to his beloved Puerto Rico to raise his family and open a flower shop. On his time off, Rafael volunteered as a neighborhood watchman and a pastor in his church. His hard work allowed him to provide a safe and happy home for his family, put his children through college, and enjoy a peaceful retirement with his grand-children and great grandchildren. Before his passing in 2011, he would reflect on his life’s work saying that he was grateful because God allowed him to spend his life working around roses. Jose describes his grandfather as his best friend and role model. Rafael taught Jose the values of hard work and service to God, fam-ily, and community. These are the values that inspire Jose to dedicate his life to public serv-ice and are the legacy he passes on to his children. I am honored to recognize Rafael Rodriguez Valle for dedication to his family and service to the country. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SOUTHERN LITERACY TOURISM INITIATIVE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to challenge my colleagues to help promote the local economy of their districts in a new way: through the power of a story set in a real place. Our greatest resource in this nation has always been our people and their ability to unleash their talents in innovative ways that promote progress and prosperity. I recently witnessed one such innovation when I was invited to present a tourism fiction award in my district through the Southeastern Lit-erary Tourism Initiative. For those of you who are unfamiliar with tourism fiction, the concept is simple: write stories set in real places, stories that capture the imaginations and hearts of readers, and then invite those same readers to visit the places. As my colleagues may know from their own districts, tourism is an economic driver that at-tracts welcomed spending on local attractions, hotels, restaurants, and other places that help drive local economies and provide jobs. If writ-ers are already producing books and short stories, then why not ask them to set those stories in real places that their readers would love to visit? That is exactly what an innovative writing contest did in my home district. The South-eastern Literary Tourism Initiative or SELTI, teamed up with the Selma Chamber of Com-merce to challenge writers to compose a short story aimed at encouraging readers to visit the area. The 2016 winner of the contest, Charisa Hagel, wrote a powerful story that brought a local historical attraction to life through her fic-tional characters. At the end of the story, read-ers were invited to visit the real place, Kenan’s Mill in Selma, Alabama, and literally step into the setting of Charisa’s story. While there, they can also visit the National Voting Rights Museum and many other unique local attrac-tions. I will soon be honored to present Ms. Charisa Hagel, a student at Faulkner Univer-sity in Montgomery, Alabama, with the 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08DE8.014 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1640 December 8, 2016 
SELTI Tourism Fiction Award at Kenan’s Mill in Selma. The attraction Ms. Hagel wrote about in the Selma contest is not well known outside the local area, but now anyone with internet access can read about it through her story. How many attractions in your districts deserve to be written about and promoted in the same way? As a legislative body, we often differ on our views for creating economic opportunity in the country. However, I feel that we can all agree that we want writers in our districts that can help tell the history of those areas through en-gaging stories with characters who win the hearts of readers, while also bringing in new tourism dollars. 
f 
RETIRING MEMBERS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my fellow Californians who I have had the honor of working with here in the House of Representatives. S
AMFARR has spent more than two dec-ades serving the Central Coast in Congress . . . and so many years before that serving locally. He has been a longtime advocate for our veterans and military families in California. And he always stands up for essential envi-ronmental protection efforts . . . and ocean conservation. Because of Congressman F
ARR . . . many of our natural treasures in California will be preserved. He will be greatly missed, but I know he will enjoy spending more time in his beautiful hometown of Carmel. My friend M
IKEHONDA will be returning home to California after serving more than 35 years as an elected official . . . and 16 years as a member of Congress . . . representing the people of Silicon Valley. Congressman H
ONDA has worked tirelessly on behalf of those who don’t have a voice . . . serving as an important advocate for un-derserved communities. He has always under-stood the importance of closing gaps in edu-cation for our young people . . . and has put that on the forefront of his work in Congress. Congressman H
ONDA has dedicated his life to public service . . . and we’re incredibly grateful for all that he has done for the people of California. I know he will continue to be an important voice on the issues he cares about. J
ANICE HAHN has always been willing to tackle important issues in Congress. I’m par-ticularly grateful for her work to ensure we are strengthening infrastructure in California . . . and for her advocacy on behalf of women. I know that as she transitions to her new role as Los Angeles County Supervisor . . . she will continue to deliver results for her re-gion. Congresswoman L
ORETTA SANCHEZ has been an important advocate for women in the military . . . and a leader on immigration issues. I’m grateful for her decades of service here in Congress. I will also dearly miss L
OISCAPPS . . . who I have had the pleasure of serving with for many years. As a former school nurse . . . Congresswoman CAPPS has provided valuable insight on public health issues in Congress. I’ve enjoyed working with her on the Energy & Commerce Health Subcommittee on issues that impact everyday Americans . . . from en-suring people have affordable healthcare . . . to bolstering medical research . . . to strengthening programs like Medicare. Congresswoman C
APPS has also been an important environmental advocate during her time in Congress. She understands the con-nections between public health and our chang-ing climate . . . and has continuously fought to ensure that future generations in Santa Bar-bara . . . and across the country . . . have clean air to breathe. I’m grateful to all of my departing colleagues from the great state of California. Each of you has brought a unique and important perspec-tive to Congress . . . and I will miss the in-sights and friendship that you have provided me over the years. Thank you for your service to our great na-tion . . . and I wish you all the best of luck as you enter into the next chapter of your lives back in California. Know that you will always be welcome back here in the Nation’s Capital. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JESUS ‘‘JACK’’ TERRAZAS 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Imperial County Supervisor Jesus ‘‘Jack’’ Terrazas who is retiring from public service. Supervisor Terrazas graduated from San Diego State University-Imperial Valley Campus and is a licensed Life, Health, Fire and Casualty Insurance Broker. He was elect-ed to the Imperial County Board of Super-visors in June of 2008. Supervisor Terrazas represents the communities of Heber, El Centro, and Ocotillo and is serving his second term. Supervisor Terrazas currently serves as Chairman of the Board and is a Board rep-resentative on the Imperial County Employees Retirement System, the Imperial County Transportation Commission, the Southern California Association of Governments, the Local Transportation Authority, and the Serv-ice Authorities for Freeway Emergencies. Su-pervisor Terrazas is also an alternate for the Local Area Formation Commission and Cali-fornia State Association of Counties. Prior to being elected to the Board of Supervisors, Su-pervisor Terrazas served three terms as an El Centro City Councilmember where he was ap-pointed Mayor three times. In addition, Super-visor Terrazas served as a member of the El Centro Regional Medical Center Board of Trustees for eleven years and on the Board of Directors of the Imperial County Work Training Center. During his years of public service, Super-visor Terrazas contributions to the community have been numerous. He was committed to the completion of numerous projects including, the improvement of roads, sidewalks, and public facilities in the Heber community. Su-pervisor Terrazas also supported a variety of housing programs such as, the First Time Home Buyer program, the Cal Home Program, and the Community Development Block Grant Housing Rehab Program which helped to as-sist families to repair and replace damaged and dilapidated homes. Supervisor Terrazas was also committed to protecting water in his community and launched a study to determine the condition and capabilities of the current miter systems. All his hard work and dedica-tion was acknowledged in 2015 when Super-visor Terrazas was recognized with the Sure Helpline Crisis Center 2015 and Inspirational People of the Community Awards. Supervisor Terrazas worked tirelessly to ad-vance community and economic development in Imperial County through the growth of a ro-bust renewable energy industry. He helped keep the county fiscally sound while pre-serving jobs, improving service quality, and advocating for Imperial County at the state and federal level. Supervisor Terrazas has four grown children, eight grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren and currently resides in El Centro with his wife of over forty years, Frances. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE AFRICAN SERVICES COMMITTEE 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to honor African Services Com-mittee, Inc. for their many years of selfless and compassionate service to the African community, and all of our community’s resi-dents. Founded in 1981 by Ethiopian refugees to give a helping hand to other newcomers, today African Services is a multiservice agen-cy based in Harlem and dedicated to assisting immigrants, refugees and asylees from across the African Diaspora. Their programs address the needs of new-comers affected by war, persecution, poverty, and global health inequalities. The agency provide health, housing, legal, educational, and social services to 12,500 people each year. Staff representing more than 20 coun-tries and speaking over 25 languages provide culturally and linguistically relevant support to this diverse and growing community. Expanding HIV prevention and access to AIDS treatment and care is central to their mission. African Services has taken this work from Harlem to the frontlines of the global pandemic and now operates five HIV clinics in Ethiopia. African Services Committee was started in 1981 in a Bronx basement apartment by Asfaha Hadera. Asfaha arrived in the United States having experienced first-hand the reali-ties of refugee life. Asfaha fled his home coun-try of Ethiopia in 1977 for refugee camps in Sudan, before emigrating to the U.S. in 1979. Upon arrival, he saw a lack of assistance for others, like himself, who were refugees from conflicted areas throughout Africa. So, he es-tablished the organization to give a helping hand to other African newcomers and, with Kim Nichols, began refugee resettlement pro-grams in New York City. As immigration from the continent increased, their offices expanded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08DE8.016 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1641 December 8, 2016 
to their current home in West Harlem, and Af-rican Services’ priorities widened to include broader support services for African immi-grants coming to the United States including, but not limited to: HIV/STD/TB/Hepatitis B and C testing, diabetes & blood pressure testing, legal services, immigration assistance, advo-cacy, and policy work. The services have expanded to serve over 12,000 people each year in their Harlem loca-tion and continue to grow each year. Though they are based in Harlem, they primarily serv-ice the African community in the Bronx. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring African Services Committee, Inc. for their consistently remarkable dedication to servicing the African community. 
f 
URBAN AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION ACT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to proudly submit the Urban Agriculture Produc-tion Act of 2016. Across America, too many urban neighbor-hoods are absent stores where community members can purchase fresh, healthy foods. More than 23 million individuals reside in these so called ‘‘food desert’’ neighborhoods, where no stores are located within one mile in which they can buy healthy food. Without accessible healthy options, all that is available and affordable is unhealthy, proc-essed, junk-food. The Urban Agriculture Pro-duction Act is a step to correct this unaccept-able trend. I am pleased to recognize and support the growing resurgence of locally grown and pro-duced product happening across our great country. I see it in my own community at the Sustainable Local Foods and the Toledo Grows Community Garden. Individuals, non-profits, and co-ops have stepped up to take action to address the chal-lenge of access to healthy food, and devel-oped local food sources and community gar-dens to provide fresh, affordable produce throughout underserved communities. Not only are they growing product to provide to com-munities, they are also engaging and encour-aging community participation throughout the stages of growth and production. They are reconnecting community members to Mother Earth and how to farm in the proc-ess. As the ancient proverb says, ‘‘give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.’’ And so goes my bill, the Urban Agriculture Produc-tion Act. The measure will encourage economic de-velopment in underserved communities by fur-thering the mission of local farming. It provides programmatic funds to educate people on health and wellness, supports marketing and development networks, and will inspire com-munities to create self sufficient food produc-tion systems to stimulate community develop-ment and healthy eating options. Throughout our urban and suburban com-munities there is an abundance of unused land and space conveniently located to neigh-borhoods that is ripe for agriculture develop-ment. We must support and encourage the means to development these plots so they be-come local sources of wholesome food op-tions. My bill will spur the development and ex-pansion of community agriculture in nontradi-tional agricultural production areas across this great nation. Mr. Speaker, urban and suburban farming and food production is a viable solution to support healthier dietary options and improve overall health of communities. The Urban Agri-culture Production Act is the appropriate means to further develop alternative, more urban agricultural production and to help meet all communities’ food production needs of the future. f 
RECOGNIZING DREW KERIN 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated member of my staff, Mr. Drew Kerin, who will be retiring from my office at the end of the year. Mr. Kerin began working in my Colorado District Office in 2010 after a long career teaching elementary school in Mexico, Texas, and Colorado. During his seven years in my office, he has served countless constituents with a smile and a caring spirit. Drew is still a teacher at heart as he is able to share wonderful anecdotes from history, sports, and personal stories about former stu-dents that can quickly warm your heart. He is an avid sports fan, a dog lover, and someone both my staff and I are proud to call a friend. I am grateful for Drew’s tireless work on be-half of Colorado’s Sixth Congressional District and I wish him all the best in retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RACHEL CARR 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rachel Carr, who has served as Counsel for the Subcommittee on Aviation for the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, U.S. House of Representatives, since I became Ranking Member in 2013. As a long-time Member of the Committee, I have had the pleasure of working with Rachel on numerous transportation issues, from rail-roads, pipelines, and hazardous materials safety to unmanned aircraft systems and ef-forts to defeat faulty legislative proposals to privatize the Air Traffic Control system. Her hard work and wise counsel have been invalu-able to me and to many Members of the Com-mittee, and I look forward to continuing to work with her as she embarks on a new en-deavor. Rachel is a long-time aviation lover. In a re-cent Congressional Quarterly article which fea-tured key staff on Capitol Hill, Rachel remi-nisced about how she went to air shows as a child, and then studied engineering thinking she would get into a technical aspect of the in-dustry, but after an internship at an airport, Rachel became intrigued with the policy side of transportation and, in particular, aviation. In-deed, Rachel began her career on Capitol Hill serving as Staff Assistant for the Full Com-mittee in 1999 and, just a short time later, the Subcommittees on Aviation and Railroads, a foreshadowing of her accomplishments to come. Rachel went on to serve as Manager of Legislative Affairs for the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association; an attorney at Coddington, Hicks & Danforth in Redwood City, California; and then, in 2009, Counsel for the Sub-committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Haz-ardous Materials for the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. In that role, she helped lead efforts to investigate the Office of Hazardous Materials Safety of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion, which resulted in numerous improve-ments to the Department of Transportation’s hazardous materials safety program. She also played a key role in defeating Republican ef-forts to privatize Amtrak, our national pas-senger rail system before landing on the Avia-tion Subcommittee. Rachel’s understanding of complex trans-portation safety issues has been an asset to the Committee for over a decade. Rachel was instrumental in drafting significant pieces of legislation including H.R. 4441, the ‘‘Aviation Innovation, Reform, and Reauthorization Act of 2016’’; An Act to allow the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to enter into reimbursable agreements for certain air-port projects (P.L. 114– ); and the FAA Exten-sion, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–190). The latter legislation includes provi-sions that will substantially improve aviation safety and accommodate an emerging group of new airspace users who operate unmanned aircraft. Last month, Rachel was appointed Federal Policy Advisor for the Denver International Air-port. Her expertise and counsel will be truly missed. I join my colleagues on the Transportation Committee in wishing Rachel and her dog, Sasha, all the best in her new endeavor. f 
RECOGNIZING KERVEN W. CARTER, JR. 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. Kerven W. Carter Jr., a cherished Stop Six educator and beloved member of the Fort Worth community, who was laid to rest on October 25, 2016. Kerven Wyncelar Carter was born on Octo-ber 15, 1922 in Wortham, Texas. His family eventually relocated to Fort Worth, Texas where he ultimately graduated from the his-toric I.M. Terrell High School. Following his high school graduation, Mr. Carter earned a bachelor’s degree from Wiley College and continued his education at the University of Denver, University of Southern California and University of Wyoming. In addition to demonstrating a commitment to furthering his own education, Mr. Carter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.010 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1642 December 8, 2016 
was a distinguished educator in his own right. He served as a professor at Wiley College and worked in various capacities at the Fort Worth Independent School District. Mr. Carter ended his career in education working in ad-ministration and teacher appraisal work and was later recognized for his commitment to education when he was selected as an hon-oree by Tarrant County Community College during the dedication of its Opportunity Center Resource. Mr. Carter was also dedicated to serving his community outside of the classroom. He served as Deacon and Chairman of Finance and Superintendent in the Youth Sunday School at his church. Additionally, he was a proud member of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. for more than 75 years and co-founded the Texas Council of Alpha chapters. He was a president of the Texan Christian University chapter of Phi Delta Kappa International Edu-cation Fraternity, co-founder of the Texas State Teacher’s Association, and a Master Prince Hall Mason, where he served as Grand Treasurer and Grand Worshipful Master. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE CULVER CITY HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS VAR-SITY VOLLEYBALL TEAM 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, today I congratu-late the Culver City High School Girls Varsity Volleyball Team. Under the leadership of Coach Tanner Siegal and Assistant Coach Eriko Gambol, for the first time in Culver City High School (CCHS) history, the Girls Varsity Volleyball team, the Lady Centaurs, has won the 2016 California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) Divi-sion 5 Championship. I salute the team members for the enthu-siasm and competitive play that won the team and the school this distinction: Octavia Mott- Collins, Megan Shimoda, Alyssa Hernandez, Katrina McCoy, Jessica Stewart, Carmen Reyna, Destiny Padilla, Jayli Nealy, Haien An-derson, Sonya Allen, Sarah Miller, Neusha Parsa, McKenna Stevens, Lena Johnson, Layla Grant Lauren Tishkoff, Krista Her-nandez. I would also like to recognize the many peo-ple who dedicated time and energy to the team’s success: first and foremost, the team members’ parents and guardians; Dr. Joshua Arnold, Culver City Superintendent of Edu-cation; Dr. Lisa Cooper, CCHS Principal; DuBois McMillan, Assistant Principal for Ath-letics; Tom Salter, Athletic Director; and last but not least, the Culver City High School Band and Cheerleaders, who participated in both home and away games. No team reaches the top of its division with-out a passion for improving both individual skills and its strengths as a team. Becoming Division 5 Champions required that the Lady Centaurs give their best effort at every prac-tice, demonstrate good sportsmanship, and build their teamwork from one game to the next. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting the Culver City High School Girls Varsity Volleyball team for its outstanding achieve-ment in winning the 2016 CIF Division 5 Championship. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BAN KI-MOON, 8TH SECRETARY GENERAL OF THE UNITED NATIONS 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commemorate the tenure of Ban Ki-moon, the 8th Secretary General of the United Nations. His appointment and inau-guration nearly ten years ago marked a his-toric achievement for the Republic of Korea. In his two terms in office, Secretary General Ban has advanced the cause of global peace through his work on economic, security, and human rights issues. He remains firmly and resolutely committed to the UN’s long-term development goals and to helping those who suffer from international crises and humanitarian disasters. His leadership on global threats, such as the spread of infectious diseases, and the pro-liferation of weapons of mass destruction, has contributed to international peace and security. And he has worked tirelessly to advance human rights around the world. Secretary General Ban has promoted women’s em-powerment and gender equality everywhere, and fought to improve human rights in North Korea. Under his tenure, the UN’s Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea put together the most comprehensive report to date on the hor-rific abuses carried out by the Kim regime. As this report found, these abuses ‘‘shock the conscience of humanity,’’ and demand that we hold the regime accountable. Before serving as Secretary General of the UN, Ban Ki-Moon served as South Korean Foreign Minister, where he worked towards denuclearizing the Korean peninsula. I hope that the next Secretary General will continue Secretary General Ban’s work to ad-vance the UN’s mission of peace and pros-perity around the world. As Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I wish to recognize Secretary General Ban Ki-moon’s service to the United Nations, to express my deep appreciation for his contributions to global peace and security, and to extend my sincere best wishes for his future endeavors. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
HONORING CHRISTINA GOSSNER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Christina Gossner, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Sonoma County in California’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our community who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. A paramedic with American Medical Re-sponse (AMR) Sonoma, Ms. Gossner started her Emergency Medical Services (EMS) ca-reer with training at the Santa Rosa Junior College Fire Academy in 1992 and Paramedic Academy in 1994. For more than two dec-ades, Ms. Gossner has been an enthusiastic and generous emergency responder. To help others further their EMS careers, Ms. Gossner became an Adjunct Faculty for the Santa Rosa Public Training Center. During her career, Ms. Gossner has also worked as a volunteer firefighter with the Windsor Fire Protection District and as a rescue operation flight paramedic with the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Helicopter. Her commitment and di-verse experience exemplify the dedication and character of our community’s best public serv-ants. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Gossner for her dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor her here today. f 
EXCHANGE OF LETTERS ON S. 1632 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following letters exchanged be-tween myself and the gentleman from Cali-fornia, Mr. N
UNES , Chairman of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, regarding S. 1632, an Act to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, December 8, 2016. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on S. 1632, a bill to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor. I concur in your understanding that the assessment required by section 1(b) shall be conducted and provided in a manner that protects intelligence sources and methods. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your Com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on S. 1632 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , December 7, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : On September 24, 2015, S. 1632, ‘‘A bill to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram,’’ was referred to the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.014 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1643 December 8, 2016 
Foreign Affairs, and in addition, to the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence. In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of the bill, the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence will forego consider-ation of the measure. This courtesy is, how-ever, conditioned on our mutual under-standing and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill or any similar measure. It is also conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that the Director of National Intelligence shall carry out the assessment required by Subsection 1(b) of the bill consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter in the Congressional Record during its floor consideration. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. f 
HONORING MICHAEL SEITZ FOR HIS YEARS OF DEDICATED LEADERSHIP OF THE GREATER LA PORTE CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Michael Seitz, who will retire Decem-ber 8th as president of the La Porte, Indiana, Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Seitz has spent decades working to keep the Northern Indiana economy growing, including 15 years as the Greater La Porte Chamber president, and our community will miss his invaluable contribu-tions. Mr. Seitz began his path of public service while attending Indiana University, where he received an undergraduate degree in Public Administration and graduated from the United States Chamber of Commerce Institute. He furthered his commitment to economic devel-opment by attending the Certified Economic Developers program at the University of Ken-tucky. After school, Mr. Seitz began a long career dedicated to the economic success of the Hoosier State. Before serving as president of the Greater La Porte Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Seitz worked for the South Bend Chamber of Commerce and in twelve years rose from manager to vice president of Existing Busi-ness Development and Membership Services at the St. Joseph County Chamber of Com-merce. He later served as president of the Lo-gansport Chamber of Commerce, finally join-ing the Greater La Porte Chamber of Com-merce. With this background of dedicated service, clear passion for helping Indiana, and true commitment to economic prosperity, it is not surprising that Mr. Seitz oversaw a range of advancements and improvements for La Porte’s business community during his tenure. The Greater La Porte Chamber of Commerce has accomplished much through the work of Mr. Seitz, his staff, and Chamber and LEAF board members. It has gone through three ac-creditation processes, received two four-star ratings, and most recently, a five-star rating. The five-star rating elevated the Chamber into the highest class possible and defined it as an outstanding organization and facilitator of local commerce. Mr. Seitz’s work both as president of the Chamber and in his other public service exem-plifies his dedication to Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Michael Seitz upon his retirement after nearly three decades of hard work and dedication to improving the business environment of Northern Indiana. I am grateful for his public service and wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MARINE CORPS GENERAL JOHN KELLY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, reports indicate that President-elect Donald Trump plans to select former Marine Corps General John Kelly to run the Department of Homeland Security—yet another excellent ap-pointment which will protect American families. The Washington Times announced, ‘‘Gen-eral Kelly caught the eye of Mr. Trump’s top advisers with a forceful appearance before Congress in 2014 and 2015, where he said he was shocked at how easily smugglers were able to penetrate the U.S.-Mexico border, and said it represented a major hole in national se-curity.’’ General Kelly embodies the highest ideals of military service. He served with distinction in the Marine Corps, rising through the ranks to run U.S. Southern Command. As Com-mander, he has been critical in disrupting how organized crime networks run drugs, weapons, etc., through networks in the Western Hemi-sphere. As the grateful father of four sons who have all served overseas in the Global War on Ter-rorism, I appreciate General Kelly’s dedication and leadership. I am confident in his future success. Congratulations again to General Kelly and his entire family on this exciting new role. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR BISHOP SPARKS 
HON. STEVE CHABOT 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the service of Major Bishop Sparks, of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedi-cation to duty and service to our nation. Major Sparks distinguished himself through excep-tionally meritorious service from January 6, 2014 to December 15, 2016, while serving as a Legislative Liaison for the Army House Liai-son Division. Major Sparks was instrumental in devel-oping strategic relationships with Members of Congress and their staffs throughout the 114th Congress as a Legislative Liaison to the House of Representatives. His expertise proved critical in providing requisite support for Army and DoD initiatives. Through these rela-tionships he ensured Congressional decision makers had accurate and timely information on Army programs, policies and priorities; his hard work directly impacted future defense legislation and built upon the Army’s equities. Major Bishop Sparks is a native of West Palm Beach, Florida. Bishop enlisted in the Wisconsin Army National Guard in 2003 as the Fire Direction Specialist (13P). Bishop graduated from Concordia University Wis-consin with a degree in Justice and Public Policy and was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in 2006. After completion of the Field Artillery Officer Basic Course, Major Sparks was assigned to the 2–2nd Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Divi-sion, Fort Hood, Texas. While assigned to 2– 2nd Infantry Regiment, Major Sparks served as a Company Fire Support Officer. Major Sparks was later assigned to 1–6th Field Artil-lery, 1st Infantry Division. While assigned to 1–6th Field Artillery, Major Sparks served as a Platoon Leader and Executive Officer deploy-ing in support of OPERATION ENDURING FREEDOM from July 2008 through July 2009. In 2009, Major Sparks attended the Field Artillery Captain’s Career Course (FACCC). After graduating the FACCC, Major Sparks was assigned to 1–12th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division where he served as a Bat-talion Fire Support Officer and deployed in support of OPERATION NEW DAWN in Janu-ary 2011. While deployed, Major Sparks as-sumed command of Bravo Battery, 2–82nd Field Artillery, 1st Cavalry Division. Following battery command, Captain Sparks attended George Washington University earn-ing a master’s degree in Legislative Affairs and served as a Congressional Fellow for Congressman HANK JOHNSON (GA–4). Bishop currently serves as a Legislative Liaison for the Office of the Chief, Legislative Liaison (OCLL). Bishop’s military education includes the Field Artillery Officer Basic Course, Ranger School, Joint Fire Power Course, Tactical In-formation Officer Course, the Field Artillery Captain’s Career Course, and Airborne School. Bishop also graduated from Liberty University with a master’s degree in Business Management and Leadership. Major Sparks’ awards include the Bronze Star Medal with 1 Oak Leaf Cluster, Meri-torious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal Army Achievement Medal with 1 Oak Leaf Cluster, National Defense Service Medal, Afghan Campaign Medal, Iraqi Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal (Expe-ditionary), Global War on Terrorism Medal (Service), Overseas Service Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, NATO Medal, Parachutist Badge, and the Ranger Tab, Major Sparks’ professionalism and high standards of duty improved relations between the Army and the House of Representatives. Major Sparks’ leadership, initiative and truly outstanding performance contributed immeas-urably to maintaining the Army’s enduring, positive relationship with Congress and ad-vancing the Army’s top priorities, bringing dis-tinct credit upon him, the Office of the Chief of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.018 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1644 December 8, 2016 
Legislative Liaison, and the United States Army. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service of Major Bishop Sparks as he proceeds to the next chapter in his remarkable career and continues to serve our great Na-tion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DON KNABE OF CERRITOS 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my friend Don Knabe of Cerritos, California who retired on December 5, 2016 after 35 years of exceptional public service, of which twenty years were spent serving as Supervisor in the 4th District of Los Angeles County. Don is a patriot who consist-ently put the needs of community and country first. Never shy to stand for what is right, he proudly advocated for the least fortunate and provided a space for their voices to be heard. Hailing from the Midwest, Don is a native of Rock Island, Illinois and served in the United States Navy. He earned his bachelor’s degree in business administration from Graceland University in Lamoni, Iowa. He was a small business owner before he answered the call of public service. Don has been a fierce advocate for children and has done many great things for the com-munity, including policies that supported jobs for veterans and youth. He’s been a staunch national leader on anti-child sex trafficking, which is an issue Don and I worked closely to-gether on when I was a State Senator in the California State Legislature. He also saved lives by creating the Safe Surrender program that allows parents to surrender newborns at fire stations and hospitals. Don was also a tremendous supporter for the arts. He created several innovative youth programs, such as the Pediatric Arts Program at Rancho Los Amigos National Rehabilitation Center, and the Arts Education Partnership Program, which provides grants to schools and community organizations to fund visual art, dance, music, and theatre programs. As Don prepares for the next chapter in his life, the people of Los Angeles can rest as-sured he leaves behind an incredible legacy and foundation for our community to grow. I wish Don, his wife Julie, their two children, and four amazing grandchildren well and many more years of happiness together. I am positive Don’s magnanimous influence will be felt for many decades to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RETIRING DIRECTOR OF SAGINAW COUNTY 911, TOM M
CINTYRE 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Tom McIntyre, upon his retire-ment as the Director of Saginaw County 911 and for his many contributions to the Saginaw community. Originally aspiring to be a teacher, Mr. McIntyre first began his work in law enforce-ment as a school liaison police officer in the village of Chesaning. From there Mr. McIntyre worked at the Saginaw Sheriff’s Department holding a variety of positions including working in the juvenile division, serving as sergeant in charge of the marine division, jail administrator and directing the road patrol. In 1993 he was elected by the community to serve as sheriff, holding this position until 1998. Mr. McIntyre has since spent the last 18 years in his cur-rent position, as Director of Saginaw County 911. Those in the community still know him as the sheriff. With a total of almost 50 years of service, Mr. McIntyre has demonstrated a devotion to the public safety of Saginaw County. Through his illustrious career at the Saginaw Sheriff’s Department, Saginaw County 911, and as a community leader, Mr. McIntyre has positively influenced the lives of the countless commu-nity members he has selflessly served. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan, I am honored today to extend my gratitude to Tom McIntyre for his many years of hard work and service to Saginaw County, and wish him a happy and healthful retirement. f 
RECOGNIZING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2016 ARTS COUNCIL OF FAIRFAX COUNTY ARTS AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Arts Council of Fairfax County and the recipients of its 2016 Arts Awards. These awards recognize the extraordinary contributions of artists and arts organizations, as well as individuals and businesses in Fair-fax County, the City of Fairfax, and the City of Falls Church that support the arts in our com-munity. Founded in 1964, the Arts Council of Fairfax County is a non-profit organization designated as Fairfax County’s local arts agency. The Arts Council operates programs and initiatives that include grants, arts advocacy, education, and professional development opportunities for artists and arts organizations. The Arts Coun-cil has awarded more than $540,000 in Coun-ty, public, and private funds through competi-tive grants and awards. These grants have helped to fund approximately 13,000 perform-ances which have been attended by more than 1 million people. Each year, the Arts Council of Fairfax Coun-ty honors a select group of individuals, compa-nies, or organizations that have made extraor-dinary contributions to the local arts commu-nity. These annual awards honor supporters of the arts in four categories: the Jinx Hazel Arts Award, the Arts Impact Award, the Arts Philan-thropy Award, and the Arts Education Award. It is my honor to congratulate this year’s hon-orees. The 2016 Jinx Hazel Arts Award is being presented to Dominion Resource Services in recognition of its tremendous support and long-term investment in the artistic and cultural vitality of communities in Fairfax County and throughout the Commonwealth of Virginia. Since 2011, the Dominion Foundation has pro-vided financial support to 26 non-profit arts or-ganizations in both Fairfax County and the Cit-ies of Fairfax and Falls Church. In addition, Dominion and its employees contribute more than 100,000 volunteer hours each year to support local festivals and community activi-ties. The 2016 Arts Impact Award is being pre-sented to George Washington’s Mount Vernon for its extraordinary impact on the collection and preservation of art, culture, and decorative artwork from the mid-18th century. Mount Vernon’s archaeological collection includes more than 500,000 pieces and more than 700 pieces are on display today. In addition, Mount Vernon sponsors and hosts extensive visitor education programs. The 2016 Arts Philanthropy Award is being presented to the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation. Since 2000, the Cooke Foundation has award-ed more than $152 million in scholarships to nearly 2,200 high-performing low-income stu-dents as well as more than $90 million in grants to organizations that serve these stu-dents. In addition, scholarships and grants are awarded to individual students as well as com-munity music schools, pre-conservatories, and summer music programs to help talented young students achieve their artistic dreams. The 2016 Arts Education Award is being presented to the Fairfax Choral Society in rec-ognition of their contributions in music edu-cation, performance, and appreciation of cho-ral art by people of all ages. The FCS is the only organization in Northern Virginia that pro-vides opportunities to nearly 400 choral stu-dents ranging in age from pre-school through adulthood. The repertoire of the FCS includes classical, folk, and contemporary composi-tions, and it has performed with the National Symphony Orchestra, the American Youth Philharmonic, as well as at Carnegie Hall and the White House. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the recipients of the 2016 Arts Awards and in recognizing and thanking the visionaries, leaders, and supporters who help to make our Northern Virginia commu-nities rich with cultural opportunities. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, on Roll Call Number 613 on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 5143, the Trans-parent Insurance Standards Act, I am not re-corded because I was detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
HONORING JOHN SARGEANT 
HON. JIM JORDAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, the Fourth Dis-trict of Ohio lost a great one in August. Today I pay tribute to the life and memory of a loving husband, father, grandfather, great-grand-father, veteran, business leader, and I’m proud to say a good friend: John Sargeant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Mar 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD16\DEC2016\E08DE6.REC E08DE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1645 December 8, 2016 
John was a Shelby County boy through and through, born in 1930 to Cleo and Gertrude Sargeant. In 1950, he married Jeanette Frazier, who survives him. John’s brother Bob survives him as well. It’s been said that ‘‘you can’t fake good kids,’’ and that was certainly the case for the Sargeants. His three kids, Julia, Jay, and Jeff, and their children and grandchildren all carry John’s spirit of service and leadership with them today. John was a Korean War veteran. Like many in his generation, he humbly and bravely served our nation, then came home to serve his community. He became a business leader, co-founding and owning Sidney Tool and Die, Bensar Developments, and SMT Industries. He was active with his church and service clubs in and around Sidney, from the Rotary to the American Legion to the Shrine. He ac-tively supported lots of local causes with his time, talent, and treasure. From the day I met him, it was clear: He knew that he had been richly blessed in this life, and he was going to live every moment to its fullest. But among all of his successes in life, his family was what he valued most. It’s an honor to recognize them today: His kids Julia Barker, Jay and Elaine Sargeant, and Jeff and Nancy Sargeant; his grandchildren Benjamin Barker, Matthew Sargeant, Megan and Erik Zarnitz, Brett and Courtney Barker, Kevin Sargeant, Ciara Sargeant, and Kandis Sargeant; and his two great-grandchildren, Torrin and Taylor; and of course his wife, Jeanette, and his brother, Bob. We will always remember John Sargeant for the impact he made on this world. To his fam-ily we say: Please accept our sincere wishes on behalf of the people of Ohio’s Fourth Con-gressional District. 
f 
RESTORING THE CONGRESSIONAL DUTY TO DECLARE WAR 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, we currently have United States military forces involved, di-rectly and indirectly, in conflicts in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria, among other places. Our use of attack drones is blurring the distinction between war and peace. There-fore, it is time to reflect on the constitutional basis for the use of military force by the United States, anywhere in the world. For more than a century and a half, Con-gress declared war as the framers of the Con-stitutional Convention of 1787 directed when they wrote that Congress had the ‘‘power to declare war.’’ But starting in the 1950’s, Con-gress began authorizing the President to make the determination for war and voters were de-prived of the power to influence their Congres-sional representatives. The result has been la-beled an Authorization for Use of Military Force, or AUMF. It was used in the Vietnam War of 1965–73 and the 2003 war against Iraq, 2003 to the present. I want to bring attention to a Rutgers Law Review article, ‘‘Restoring the Congressional Duty to Declare War,’’ that has challenged the Constitutionality of all United States wars fought since World War II. The article exam-ines not only on the language of the Constitu-tion that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to declare war’’ but also on the debates in the Constitutional Convention that began June 1, 1787. On that day, Charles Pinckney from South Carolina made clear that he opposed giving the power of war to the President be-cause that would render him ‘‘a Monarchy of the worst kind, to wit an elective one.’’ The Convention took two votes. The first put the power of war in the Congress and the sec-ond prohibited the Congress from transferring that power to the President. In the following weeks all but one member of the Convention joined Pinckney in the conclusion that Con-gress, and not the President, should declare war. Later in the convention, after Pinckney pointed out that Congress might not be in ses-sion when the country was attacked, the Con-vention provided that the Congress could allow the President to call out the state militias in cases of insurrection, invasion, or resist-ance to federal laws. Congress later imple-mented its power by declaring a limited war on France for seizing seamen from American ships under claims that they were French. In 1880 the Supreme Court approved this proce-dure by interpreting the Declare War clause as encompassing ‘‘any contention by force’’ with another country, including both full-scale wars and limited wars. But the events at the Con-vention and the early Supreme Court opinions were not considered by Congress and the lower Federal Courts when the president was allowed to determine war in Vietnam in 1964 and against Iraq in 2003. The authors found that the Federal judicial system had ignored the decision of the Con-stitutional Convention and the early Supreme Court opinions. Mr. Speaker, I urge all interested in this subject to refer to Restoring the Congressional Duty to Declare War, 63 Rutgers U.L. Rev. 407 (2011). f 
RECOGNIZING GLOVER MANNING, JR. ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Glover Manning’s 100th birthday on November 6, 2016 and to share his amazing story. Born in 1916, Mr. Manning began serving his country in the U.S. Navy at the age of 19. During one of the most infamous days in American history, the attack on Pearl Harbor, Mr. Manning was aboard the USS Rigel. Mr. Manning and his vessel then went on to play an important role in many operations in the Pacific. After 20 years serving his country in the Navy, he retired and subsequently moved to Savannah, Georgia. Mr. Manning has 4 children, 9 grand-children, 18 great grandchildren, and 5 great- great grandchildren. Mr. Manning, thank you for your service to our country and I hope you have a very happy 100th birthday. HONORING THE LIFETIME ACCOM-PLISHMENTS OF MR. JAMES S. WHITFIELD HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. James S. Whitfield, a dedicated community leader and World War II veteran. On Tuesday, December 6, 2016, Jim passed away, after an incredible life of service to our country. Mr. Whitfield, of Independence, Missouri, served as a Commissioner for The United States World War One Centennial Commis-sion as a representative of The American Le-gion. A veteran of the U.S. Navy, he served in World War II, traveling the Far Pacific, North Atlantic, Indian oceans, and the Mediterranean Sea aboard the same ship for 33 months to transport troops across the globe. The appointment to the U.S. World War One Centennial Commission was personal to Jim. As a child, he became acquainted with many World War I veterans while delivering milk to them from his father’s dairy. Fas-cinated by their world travels and dedication to our country, they inspired him to enlist when World War II broke out. In 1943, he went to boot camp in Idaho after fulfilling a promise to his parents to finish high school first. The same veterans that motivated him to join the Navy, elected Whitfield to serve as their post commander in The American Le-gion. That was the start of a very long career of service to veterans of both Missouri and across the country. He became a member of the Legion in 1946 and assumed many distin-guished leadership positions, including Execu-tive Director of the National Headquarters in Indianapolis, Indiana. Jim was a Life Member of The American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars in the United States, and BPO Elks, all of Warrensburg, Missouri. As an honorary life-time commander of the Missouri American Le-gion, Whitfield shares a distinction with only three others, including President Harry S. Tru-man. Jim was also very active in Missouri Boys State, and received an honorary award from them for over 50 years of leadership and is re-garded as having the most prolific service record in the program. Along with his service to the American Legion and Boys State, Whit-field served as Chairman of the Missouri Vet-erans Commission. During his tenure as the first chairman, the state established seven vet-eran’s homes and a veteran’s cemetery sys-tem. He served on that commission for 10 years helping establish its influence and direc-tion. He was also a longtime supporter of the Liberty Memorial, dedicated in Kansas City in 1926 as a monument to those who served in World War I. I recall visiting with Jim at a re-cent Memorial Day ceremony, hosted at the National World War I Museum and Memorial, about our shared interest in honoring those who served our country. Mr. Speaker, please join me and our col-leagues in honoring the lifetime accomplish-ments of Mr. James Whitfield. He served our country while in uniform and for the remainder of years following, helping veterans and future generations alike. I appreciated his friendship and unwavering service. He epitomized Amer-ica’s Greatest Generation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.026 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1646 December 8, 2016 
RECOGNIZING RALPH HOLLMON 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ralph Hollmon who is retiring from the Milwaukee Urban League (MUL), on De-cember 31, 2016. He has served the organiza-tion since 2002, when he assumed the posi-tion of President and Chief Executive Officer of the MUL. Over the 14 years at the helm of the MUL, he has been in charge of the organization’s management, strategic planning and overall operation insuring that the League’s edu-cation, employment, economic development and social justice programs are implemented in an effective manner. He was also the Cen-tral Region Vice President of the National Urban League Association of Executives. Mr. Hollmon has been a tireless advocate for the organization and its commitment to serving Af-rican Americans and others in need of assist-ance in order to improve the quality of their lives. Mr. Hollmon has spent much of his career helping uplift those in need and has a wealth of knowledge gained by service in various governmental and community positions includ-ing: Director, Milwaukee County Department of Human Services, Chief Executive Officer of the Private Industry Council, Executive Direc-tor, Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District and held positions with the State of Wisconsin Department of Administration and the Social Development Commission of Milwaukee Coun-ty. Prior to joining the Milwaukee Urban League, Ralph led his own company as Presi-dent of Hollmon Management and Consulting LLC, (HMC) a project management and public affairs consulting firm. Mr. Hollmon holds a long standing commit-ment to community service and has served on a variety of civic and community boards/com-missions including: Co-Chair of the Milwaukee Commission on Police Community Relations, Co-Chair of the Governor’s Business Oppor-tunity Advisory Commission; member of the JP Morgan Chase Bank National Community Advisory Board; Marcus Center for the Per-forming Arts Board of Directors; VISIT Mil-waukee Board of Directors; Milwaukee Suc-ceeds Executive Committee; Greater Down-town Action Agenda Executive Leadership Committee; African American Chamber of Commerce and Member of the Greater Mil-waukee Committee. Ralph Hollmon is a homegrown Milwaukeean and graduated from North Divi-sion High School. He received his under-graduate degree at Parsons College in Fair-field, Iowa, and earned his Master’s Degree in Urban Affairs from the University of Wis-consin-Milwaukee. He also completed the Ex-ecutive Education Program, ‘‘Strategic Per-spectives in Nonprofit Management’’ at the Harvard School of Business. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know and work with Ralph Hollmon for many years on issues at the various positions where he has had tenure. I join with his wife Mar-garet and friends in congratulating him on his many years of service to this community and the Milwaukee Urban League. Ralph has led the organization admirably and I wish him much success as he transitions into a different phase of his life. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Ralph Hollmon, I am proud to call him a friend and thank him for all he has done. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District and the State of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of his ability and dedicated service working on their behalf for so many years. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Ralph E. Hollmon. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THERESA RANGEL 
HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Theresa Rangel. A beloved San Antonian, Theresa grew up on the West Side of the city where she attended Blessed Sacrament High School. She married her high school sweetheart, Er-nest A. Rangel, with whom she traveled the world, had two children, and enjoyed 48 years of marriage. Throughout her career, Theresa served the San Antonio community and strove to help the people of our city excel. She worked at the University of the Incarnate Word in career de-velopment, and later became a caseworker in the office of Congressman Albert G. Bustamante. She went on to work in the Small Business Administration before joining the of-fice of legendary Congressman Henry B. Gon-zalez where she was a caseworker. She re-mained in that position when Charles Gon-zalez won the congressional seat in 1999, and eventually retired in 2013 after 28 years of dignified civil service. After her retirement, Theresa remained ac-tive. She was a member of several Bible study groups, spent time scrapbooking, and was a devoted grandmother to five grandchildren whom she loved dearly. Theresa touched the lives of so many in our city, and I join her family and those whom she helped in mourning her loss. She was an ex-emplary civil servant and American whose contributions to our community and Nation will not be forgotten. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER CECILE FOCHA 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Cecile Focha, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Sonoma County in Cali-fornia’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our com-munity who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. A native of Oakland, California, Officer Focha received her B.A. in Integral Liberal Arts at St. Mary’s College and her K–12 Teaching Credential at California State Univer-sity, Hayward. Prior to her work in law en-forcement, Officer Focha was an elementary school teacher. Officer Focha joined the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Office in 1998. Over the past 18 years, she has served as the first female De-tective Sergeant in the history of the Office, the supervisor of the Domestic Violence/Sex-ual Assault Detective Unit, and the first Press Information Officer for the agency. Officer Focha was instrumental in the establishment of the Sonoma County Family Justice Center and is the President of the Board of Directors for Verity, Sonoma County’s only rape crisis center. In recognition of her tremendous serv-ice, the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Office awarded Officer Focha with the Bronze Medal of Merit, and the Sonoma County Board of Su-pervisors awarded her a Certificate of Com-mendation for her work with Alive at 25, a model teen driving program she helped estab-lish. Mr. Speaker, I thank Officer Focha for her dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor her here today. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2016 INDIANA MIDDLE SCHOOL PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR NATHAN BOYD 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Grissom Middle School Principal Nathan Boyd, who was recently named the 2016 Indiana Middle School Principal of the Year by the Indiana Association of School Principals. Principals from across Indiana selected Mr. Boyd for this great honor due to his commit-ment to excellence in education and his tire-less work to give all his students the oppor-tunity to achieve their full potential. Each year, the IASP recognizes outstanding leaders in education for their contributions to the profession and the difference they make in students’ lives. Since becoming principal of Grissom Middle School in 2013, Mr. Boyd has been an exemplary educator and adminis-trator. He has maintained the school’s record of academic achievement and its A rating from the Indiana Department of Education. He has introduced innovative programs and strategies to motivate and inspire students, including the ‘‘Grissom Drum Brigade’’ and the popular ‘‘Club Honors.’’ And he has fostered a culture of excellence among the school’s teachers to best prepare students for the future. As principal, Mr. Boyd works each day to create a shared vision and purpose that stays true to Grissom Middle School’s motto: ‘‘Good, Better, Best.’’ Under Mr. Boyd’s leadership, Grissom Middle School is providing students a positive, challenging, and academically-ori-ented learning environment with a focus on building knowledge, reinforcing values, and developing a strong sense of self-worth for every student. Having received the Indiana Principal of the Year Award, Mr. Boyd will represent the Hoo-sier State at the National Association of Sec-ondary School Principals Recognition Program in the Fall of 2017. Mr. Boyd’s energy and passion for serving his students and his ability to inspire enthusiasm in his team distinguish him as an exceptional leader. He exemplifies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.030 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1647 December 8, 2016 
the work ethic and humble leadership for which Hoosiers are known, and I am proud that a Hoosier from Indiana’s 2nd Congres-sional District will be representing our great state next year. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to Grissom Mid-dle School Principal Nathan Boyd for his boundless passion for working with parents, teachers, and staff to build a strong commu-nity and a bright future for students. I am hon-ored to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Nathan Boyd for his tireless dedi-cation and wishing him and everyone at Grissom Middle School all the best. 
f 
HONORING CHRISTINE M. WISEMAN ON HER RETIREMENT AS PRESIDENT OF SAINT XA-VIER UNIVERSITY IN CHICAGO 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Christine M. Wiseman, who is retir-ing from her position as president of Saint Xa-vier University in Chicago. She has served as Saint Xavier’s President since June 2010. Throughout her illustrious career, President Wiseman has demonstrated an outstanding commitment to students in higher education. Her career in higher education started at Mar-quette University, where she was a tenured member of the law faculty and earned the Marquette University Faculty Award for Teach-ing Excellence in 1991. She became Asso-ciate Dean for Academic Affairs at the Mar-quette University Law School and later the As-sociate Vice President for Academic Affairs, making her the first woman to serve in Marquette’s senior administration. After Mar-quette, she held the same position at Creighton University. President Wiseman arrived in Chicago in 2007 as professor of law and Provost of Loy-ola University Chicago. As Provost she oversaw the academic division of the largest Catholic research university in the country. Between her career in academics and her public service, President Wiseman has been awarded and honored on many occasions for her work. She was named the Wisconsin Civil Liberties Union Volunteer Attorney of the Year in 1989 and the Spirit of the Law School re-cipient in 2003 at Marquette for being a role model to the school’s students. In addition, she has been recognized as one of the ‘‘Most Powerful and Influential’’ women in Illinois by the National Diversity Council, and was ap-pointed by the Governor to the Illinois Board of Higher Education. Her long list of qualifications and achieve-ments led to her hiring as the 19th President of Saint Xavier University Chicago. Saint Xa-vier University is in the Mt. Greenwood neigh-borhood of Chicago and has just over 5,000 students studying in 43 undergraduate majors and 25 graduate programs. In 2016 the Online Graduate Nursing Program was ranked num-ber 3 in the country by US News and World Report. Saint Xavier University will surely miss the academic and administrative stewardship provided by President Wiseman. I ask you to join me in honoring President Christine Wiseman on her retirement as Presi-dent of Saint Xavier University, and congratu-late her on her outstanding work at the univer-sity. f 
RETIREMENT OF CIRCUIT JUDGE BERLIN JONES 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a fixture of the Arkansas Judiciary. The Honorable Berlin Jones of the Eleventh West Judicial Circuit in Pine Bluff was origi-nally appointed to the bench by then-Governor Bill Clinton on July 11, 1987, serving the re-mainder of a term that ended on December 31, 1988. Judge Jones ran for a full term four years later, taking office January 1, 1993. Since as-suming the bench more than 20 years ago, Judge Jones has heard a magnitude of crimi-nal, civil, and probate cases in the Delta. Among Judge Jones’ accomplishments since taking the bench has been the Jefferson County Drug Court, for which he has been the presiding judge since its formation in March 2004. In the time Judge Jones and his staff have been managing the drug court program, 106 citizens have graduated and started on the path to a new life free from drugs. In addition to being an advocate for those in recovery, Judge Jones has also served on the Arkansas Sentencing Commission and has been an active member of the Arkansas Bar Association, where he was admitted in 1976. Men like Berlin Jones are hard to find today. Not only did he serve his country in uniform during the Vietnam War, but he has devoted his life to the people of Jefferson and Lincoln Counties as an attorney and judge. I thank him for his decades of dedicated service to the Pine Bluff region, the state of Arkansas, and the United States. May God bless him. 
f 
HONORING TERESA DEPPNER OF HUNTINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Teresa Deppner, the clerk of the U.S. District Court Southern Dis-trict of West Virginia, who recently received this year’s U.S. Courts Director’s Award for Outstanding Leadership. In 1976, Ms. Deppner started her career as deputy clerk in Huntington. Her commitment to public service is exemplary, as she has spear-headed innovative initiatives to make her courts more efficient in the handling of law-suits, improving document accessibility, and tackling an always increasing case workload. Her appreciation and respect of the arts is noteworthy, and I commend her on her role in bringing the first-ever judiciary fine arts pro-gram to the courthouse in Charleston for law-yers, judges, jury members and constituents to enjoy. A staunch supporter and advocate for her hometown of Huntington, her vision, experi-ence, and strategy in her professional life have paved the way for a plethora of success-ful philanthropic projects for the tri-state area. I wish Ms. Deppner well and send my best to her husband, Greg, and their two huskies, Sapphire and Aurora. I offer her my apprecia-tion and gratitude for her commitment to her neighbors and our state. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE STAFF OF CONGRESSMAN JOHN L. MICA 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, this will be my final official submission as I complete my service in the U.S. House of Representatives. It has truly been an honor to represent the people of Flor-ida’s 7th Congressional District and to serve the nation in six Congressional leadership po-sitions, including being the first Florida Con-gressman to Chair the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. As you and our colleagues can attest, serv-ing in Congress requires the assistance and work of many. Today, as I reflect upon my years of service, the challenges we have faced and overcome as a nation and our work to make the federal government more respon-sive and efficient, I believe it is important to recognize the staff who have worked with me and dedicated outstanding service to our 7th Congressional District and our nation. They are: Tim Anderson, Agustina Andisco Pardal, Keith Appel, James Bailey, Zane Beard, Aaron Bivens, Collier Black, John Booker, Sue Bower, Patrick Bowl, Casey Brinck, Beth Ann Bryant, Elizabeth Buckles Deck, Gary Burns, Alan Byrd, Jean Carrero, John Ciccone, Jessie Cleveland, Mike Cosio, Barry Cotton, Marshall Critchfield, Stephanie D’Angelo, Greg Davis, John Day, Wiley Deck, Brian Dempsey, Laurel Edmondson, Ted Edwards, Jan Farnsworth, Andrew Florell, Joe Freeman, Josh Gaboton, Ashley Galloway, Al-lison Galovic, Andrew Giacini, Alan Gilbert, Stephen Goldie, Andrew Green, Matt Grimison, Dick Harkey, Susan Hast, Lou Hay-den, Cheyne Hicks, Julie Hogan, Jared Houghton, Kellie Huckeba, John Hudiberg, Krystal Hudson, Dan Hughes, V, Thane Hutcheson, Eric Jontz, Ashley Jordan, Randall Judt, Patrick Kelly, Cheryl Kimball, Mary Klappa, Barbara Koch, Thomas Larsen, Alex-andra Lovelace, Sally Lum, Lawrence Lyman, Gerry Lynam, Laura Mathews, Michael Matousek, Tara McBride, Sean McMaster, Katie McMichael, Alicia Melvin, Janet Mines, Dan Moll, Kiernan Moylan, Chelsey Neuhaus, Brian North, Sharon Pinkerton, Marshall Polston, Kristen Pugh, Gail Reese, Paul Rey-nolds, Joel Rivera, Rusty Roberts, James Rockas, Debby Roeder, Jason Scism, Talia Shabat, Kathleen Smoak, Caragh Stichter, Kevan Stone, Charlene Swartz, Tanice Tait, Chrissy Tellalian, Evonne Torres, Joseph Trovato, Patrick Tuohey, Toni Tury, Brian Waldrip, Lisa Wandler, Robert Wehagen, Nicholas West, Gregory Williams, Michael Wil-lis, Leslie Windram O’Shaughnessy, Jillian Wist and Sally Zarnowiec. I thank them for their public service and for the opportunity and privilege to work with each of them. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing these committed Congressional staff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.033 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1648 December 8, 2016 
members who have helped me, the House of Representatives and our nation. I am deeply appreciative of their work and hope that God continues to bless each of them and the United States of America. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ARNOLD CENTER PRESIDENT CHARLES MARKEY 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Charles Markey, the President of the Arnold Center, upon his retirement on December 31, 2016. Mr. Markey has made many contributions to Midland and the great state of Michigan. Mr. Markey attended Central Michigan Uni-versity, where he excelled as a member of the football team. After graduating in 1974 with a Bachelor of Science degree, Mr. Markey joined IBM. From 1974 to 2004 he held sev-eral different titles and went on to become the Vice President of Solution Sales before be-coming a partner at IM1 Capital Group, LLC. During this time he was inducted into the CMU Football Hall of Fame. In 2009, Mr. Markey became the president of the Arnold Center. The Center has since become a large employer in Midland and has aided in giving back to the community in a multitude of ways. Most importantly, it has en-hanced the quality of life for those with disabil-ities and donates thousands of hours of com-munity service. During his tenure, Mr. Markey has held fast to the mission and vision of the Arnold Center and has helped countless indi-viduals who have sought his guidance. I have seen firsthand the dedication and service Mr. Markey has given to our community. I thank him and wish him luck as he begins this new chapter of his life. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize Charles Markey for his dedication to the Midland community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEM-BERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBU-TIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEO-PLE OF THE 18TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Mem-bers of Congress we know well, perhaps bet-ter than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities, states, and the na-tion in the areas of business, education, gov-ernment, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military. We know this because we see them and benefit from their contributions every day. Many of them work for us in our offices as jun-ior staff members, congressional fellows, or in-terns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I ran for public of-fice. I was inspired to serve by President Ken-nedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve....  You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ By this measure, there are several other great young men and women who served as volunteers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constituents we serve are deeply appreciated. That is why today I rise to pay tribute to five extraordinary young persons for their service to my constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas and to the American people. They are: Katherine Jenkins from Texas Tech University; Michaelette Haywood from Georgia State University; Kai Scates from Wiley Col-lege; Keera Ingram from Howard University; and Lisa Oguike from the Madeira School. Mr. Speaker, the energy, intelligence, and idealism these wonderful young people brought to my office and those interning in the offices of my colleagues help keep our democ-racy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowl-edge of the governmental process they gain from their experiences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about making their mark in this world. Because of persons like them the future of our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them all well. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such thoughtful committed young men and women can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in America. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. f 
RECOGNIZING SHERIFF WENDELL HALL UPON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE SANTA ROSA COUNTY SHERIFF’S DEPARTMENT 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Sheriff Wendell Hall upon the oc-casion of his retirement from the Santa Rosa County Sheriff’s Department. Sheriff Hall has dedicated more than 35 years to serving his community through law enforcement. Sheriff Hall attended Ernest Ward High School in Walnut Hill, Florida. He continued his education at Pensacola State College and at Troy State University where he graduated Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice. Upon completion of college, his career began in 1981 as a Correction’s Officer with the Escambia County Sheriffs Office before he transferred to Law Enforcement in 1982; serv-ing as a Patrol Deputy, Narcotics Investigator/ Supervisor, and Administrative Supervisor. He was promoted during this time to the rank of Corporal and again to Sergeant, eventually becoming a Certified Hostage Negotiator, Fire-arms Instructor, and Field Training Officer. During his tenure at the Escambia Sheriff’s Of-fice, he received special award recognitions for ‘‘Outstanding Service to the Community,’’ in 1984; a Meritorious Service Award,’’ in 1992; as well as numerous other honors for his dedication to protecting our community. In 2000, Sheriff Hall began serving the peo-ple of Santa Rosa County when he was elect-ed Sheriff. He has received numerous recogni-tions for his service including, but not limited to, Elk Lodge Number 2787 ‘‘Law Enforcement Officer of the Year’’ for 2002 through 2003; Pace Rotary Club ‘‘Rotarian of the Year for Exceptional Dedication and Commitment’’ for 2003 through 2004 and 2006 through 2007; Florida Council on Crime and Delinquency ‘‘Law Enforcement Distinguished Service Award’’ 2003; and Pace Chamber of Com-merce 2015 ‘‘Man of the Year Award.’’ In addition to his career in law enforcement, he has been a shining role model in his com-munity. He currently serves on the Santa Rosa Kids House, as the Board of Directors Chairman, the Florida Sheriff’s Association District 1 Board of Directors, the Vets to VA Clinic Committee, and as a member of the First Judicial Circuit Law Enforcement Asso-ciation, along with other countless volunteer positions. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Sheriff Wendell Hall for his dedication and service to Northwest Florida. My wife Vicki and I wish him and his wife, Karen; his children, Lisa, Dana, Kayla, Brandon, Amanda, Kenneth, and Megan; and his fourteen grandchildren all the best as they embark on this next journey in their lives. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. BILL GORSKI 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Bill Gorski who is retiring from SwedishAmerican after serving for 16 years as its President and CEO. For decades, he has aided the public honorably by creating life-saving opportunities for communities in Illinois and Wisconsin. Under Dr. Gorski’s guidance, SwedishAmerican built a major acute care hospital, a freestanding outpatient cancer cen-ter in Rockford, a network of 30 primary care and multispecialty clinics, and the region’s largest home health care agency. He has worked to improve health services in the com-munity of Belvidere as well, by acquiring and renovating a medical center that now provides ambulatory services and 24-hour emergency care. Dr. Gorski has a demonstrated history of going above and beyond. Through its founda-tion, SwedishAmerican has helped rebuild the neighborhood surrounding its main campus. Twenty-six homes have been built and an ad-ditional 120 houses and two apartment build-ings have been renovated. SwedishAmerican has also cooperated with Rosecrance Health Network by investing more than $5 million a year in inpatient behavioral health services within the Rockford region. His inspiring work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.037 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1649 December 8, 2016 
has given our communities a healthier future where citizens can have reliable health serv-ices. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Dr. Gorski for his dedication to improving the quality of care our citizens receive when they need it most. I congratulate him again on his well- earned retirement and wish him luck in his fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
HONORING FORMER SENATE MAJORITY LEADER MIKE HEWITT 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate former Washington State Senate Majority Leader Mike Hewitt on his retirement. Senator Hewitt had a success-ful business career before dedicating his time and energies to advocating for the people of southeast Washington. He is an outstanding leader in the state leg-islature, and is respected by both sides of the aisle for his generous spirit and warmth. His business acumen meant he brought a valu-able insight to public policy, owe we have all come to appreciate. We have been so blessed to have Senator Hewitt doing everything he can to make sure the people of southeast Washington are his top priority, particularly veterans and the His-panic community. Congratulations again Mike. Enjoy your retirement—you deserve it. 
f 
HONORING JIM HARRIS OF WAUSAU, WI FOR HIS SERVICE TO OTHERS 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand before you today to recognize Mr. Jim Harris of Wausau, Wisconsin for his excep-tional service to others. Mr. Harris worked for more than 30 years in education. First, as a teacher in the Wisconsin Indian Teacher Corps, where he taught chil-dren of the Ho Chunk Tribe, and later as one of the first male kindergarten teachers in Wis-consin. Along his journey in education, Mr. Harris also spent two decades as a school ad-ministrator and an activist for public health. During his many years of service in edu-cation, Mr. Harris got to know the children of Hmong Refugees who fled war in their home country to seek a better life in Wisconsin. Our state has a vibrant Hmong community that Mr. Harris has grown close to. He founded We Help War Victims, a nonprofit organization, with his wife, Marty, also a public school edu-cator. Founded over 30 years ago, We Help War Victims has been working with refugee families in the Wausau, Wisconsin area, pro-viding dozens of Lao schools with their first li-braries, and helping families receive access to medical care. Since 2006, the Harris’ organization has been working with villagers in Laos to destroy land mines, bombs, rockets, mortars, and other unexploded ordnance. Mr. and Mrs. Har-ris’s example directly inspired me to fight for this cause in Congress and their advice has directly affected the focus of my efforts. Countless farmers and families across Laos live in safer communities because of Mr. Har-ris’s work and my community in Wisconsin has been strengthened by the work he and his wife do through We Help War Victims. Mr. Speaker, please join me today to con-gratulate Mr. Harris on his accomplishments and work on behalf of others. His selfless de-meanor in which he answers the call to serve in our district is truly valued. f 
JEFF MILLER AND RICHARD BULMENTHAL VETERANS HEALTH CARE AND BENEFITS IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 6, 2016 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6416, the Jeff Miller and Richard Blumenthal Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act of 2016. I commend Chairman M
ILLER ’s and Congressman R
OE’s work on this important legislation. I’m pleased to say that language from one of my bills, the Protecting Veterans’ Edu-cational Choice Act, is included in this bill as section 415. This section will require the VA to inform student-veterans—on the front-end, be-fore they spend a dime of their Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits—about agreements between schools regarding the transfer of credits. Despite having access to Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits, many veterans still end up having to take out student loans to cover the full cost of their education. In many cases, this is due to situations where veterans aren’t aware that credits earned at one institution will not trans-fer to another school until after they have al-ready expended a significant portion of their benefits. By requiring that the VA provide veterans with this information on the front-end of the process, this legislation will address flaws in the system where veterans—many of whom are first-generation college students—are sur-prised by this feature of higher education. Ultimately, decisions regarding how and where to use these benefits are rightfully left to those who served our country. Our veterans earned their benefits, and this bill will em-power our veterans by arming them with the information and resources that they need to make the best decisions for themselves and their families. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 6416. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE MOTHER M
CAULEY VOLLEYBALL TEAM ON THEIR NATIONAL CHAMPION-SHIP 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Mother McAuley Liberal Arts High School volleyball team—the Mighty Macs—on being the first team ever to be named National Champions by USA Today, Max Preps, and Prep Volleyball. Their history-making season included fin-ishing strong with a 32 game winning streak that took them all the way through the Class 4A State Championship Tournament. After de-feating Minooka in the final game, they se-cured their program’s record 15th state cham-pionship, their first since 2013. In compiling their near-perfect 40–1 record, Head Coach Jen DeJarld’s team was taken to three sets just seven times. Four of Mother McAuley’s athletes were named to the Daily Southtown’s 2016 All Area Team, a list that in-cludes just 12 players. Mother McAuley’s volleyball team has won at least one state championship in each of the past five dec-ades, a long tradition of excellence. I would like to wish the best of luck in the next season to the returning players and coaches, and continued success to the depart-ing seniors, several of whom will play their next season at colleges including Notre Dame, Appalachian State, Ferris State, and Lipscomb. I ask you to join me in congratulating the Mother McAuley Volleyball team on their ex-cellent season and their historic success on the national stage. f 
HONORING AND REMEMBERING TIMOTHY HOY 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, as both this Congress and the year come to a close, it is with heavy heart that I rise to honor, and re-member, a kind and exemplary citizen whom we recently lost. Timothy Hoy, of Denton County, Texas, passed away the week of Oc-tober 31st at the age of 55. Hoy was known to many for being extraordinarily active in Re-publican Party politics in Denton County, as well as at the state and national level. He was, as the Denton County Republican Party pub-licly remembered, ‘‘truly a legend in political circles;’’ but, more importantly, he was also ‘‘always kind, gentle and gracious to all.’’ His profound friendliness was present to anyone he met, and it was a pleasure to get to know him over the years as someone who loved and served his community. Originally from upstate New York, and hav-ing received his college education at the Uni-versity of Dayton in Ohio, Hoy made Texas his home. In the late 1980s he began to become active in Republican politics in Denton County and became a precinct chairman, a role for which he would eventually be named Precinct Chair of the Year in 2001. He steadfastly served as an elections judge from the 1990s into the 2010s. His service also extended to being on the State Republican Executive Committee for eight years, from 2002 to 2010, and he received an award for his achieve-ments in that role. His zeal for civic engage-ment for the betterment of his community was unparalleled. Hoy’s dedication and love for his fellow citi-zens in Texas, and desire to improve the lives of those around him, led him to work excep-tionally hard and rigorously for the causes and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.041 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1650 December 8, 2016 
candidates in which he believed. The Denton County Republican Party recalls that ‘‘He was there for everything Republican. Every phone bank, every meeting, and countless cam-paigns, if there was a need, there was Tim to fill it. He was the first to come and the last to leave.’’ For these reasons, they named him Volunteer of the Year 1998. He was even known to the former majority leader of the U.S. House of Representatives, Dick Armey of Texas, who has said that ‘‘Tim Hoy was the constant guy for me. Whenever I came back to town, I would count on Tim to bring me up to speed on things here in Denton County.’’ His work for individuals seeking an elected public service role included serving as cam-paign manager for County Commissioner Ron Marchant during his first run for the city coun-cil of Carrollton, Texas. Senator T
EDCRUZ was a favorite official of Hoy, who loyally cam-paigned for him in Iowa during the 2016 presi-dential primary election. During all of this tireless service and excep-tional labor, Hoy continued to perform his daily job. He embodied his love for service to the public as he worked as a mail clerk for the Denton County Sheriffs Office for 23 years. A man who worked for his strong conserv-ative ideals, with a spirit of public service and true friendliness to all in the community, Hoy will be missed and remembered in Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in remembering and honoring Timothy Hoy. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BILL CARNAHAN 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to southern Cali-fornia are exceptional. Mr. Bill Carnahan, who, for more than 16 years, has served with dis-tinction as Executive Director of the Southern California Public Power Authority (SCPPA) will be retiring after 50 years of dedicated service to public utility. Since he became Executive Director in 2000, Mr. Carnahan has succeeded in making SCPPA one of the largest and most active joint action agencies in the country, with a di-verse energy resource portfolio. SCPPA rep-resents 11 community-owned utilities and one irrigation district that provide electricity to 4.8 million people, over 7,000 square miles in Southern California. Mr. Carnahan has worked with Members of Congress throughout the West, from both sides of the aisle, to advance the interests of community-owned utilities. He is well known for his vision, his ability to bring stakeholders together, and his forthrightness. Bill has played a pivotal role in advocating on behalf of non-profit, publicly-accountable utili-ties that serve consumers in small and large communities alike. Under Mr. Carnahan’s leadership, SCPPA has grown immensely—evolving from six gen-eration and transmission projects in its early days, to 32 generation and three transmission projects bringing power from Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Washington, Oregon, California and Nevada to Southern California today. Mr. Carnahan helped enact legislation to extend federal contracts which will ensure that South-ern California consumers continue to enjoy emissions-free hydropower from Hoover Dam for another 50 years. Hoover power is a low- cost, reliable energy resource, and is critical to helping keep Southern California’s energy costs as low as possible. The bill, the ‘‘Hoover Power Allocation Act,’’ was signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 10, 2011. My personal and professional respect and admiration for Mr. Carnahan runs deep, and I wish him happiness and good health in his re-tirement. The wise counsel, determination, and good Scotch-Irish sense-of-humor, which he has provided to me and others in Congress for many years on behalf of public power—will be fondly remembered. f 
TRIBUTE TO CURRENT AND FORMER STAFF MEMBERS 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a very special group of people from Florida’s 13th Congressional District. I rise to recognize the current and former staff mem-bers of our congressional office, both at home in Pinellas County and here in the halls of Congress. And importantly, I do so not just on my behalf, but truly on behalf of a most grate-ful community that for nearly three years has been blessed to have a team of dedicated and selfless individuals serving Pinellas County residents by giving voice to the interests and concerns of everyone, regardless of political party; fighting for those in need of assistance at their most challenging times; and working ceaselessly to improve the lives of every indi-vidual they encountered. Mr. Speaker, each one of us who have the privilege to serve in this body, the People’s House, understand the honor that has been bestowed upon us by our community. But to fulfill our responsibilities, both constitutional and sacred, we are only as good as the team around us. Mr. Speaker, I have been blessed to work with a remarkable team of individuals, and I stand here today proud of each one of them and grateful for their willingness to serve our community and our country. It’s a unique role to serve on a congres-sional staff. You have to bring a servant’s heart, a commitment to your community, and a willingness to listen to the criticisms brought on not by your own actions, but by the actions of the institution for which you work—the ac-tions that you and I as colleagues take in making decisions of policy and of politics. And in doing so, the staff members of this body serve their nation just as faithfully and honor-ably as you and I attempt to do so each day. It is their work, as much as ours, that leads our nation forward, and leads our communities and our neighbors through some of our most challenging times. It is for this reason that I recognize with a grateful heart, and on behalf of a grateful com-munity, the work of the following individuals who have served Florida’s 13th Congressional District during my time in office: Mr. John David White, Chief of Staff; Mr. Preston Rudie, Communications Director; Ms. Nicole Smith, Constituent Services; Ms. Stephani Lavely, Constituent Services; Ms. Brenda Frantz, Constituent Services; Ms. Sandy Hutton, Constituent Services; Mr. Nick Golden, Constituent Services; Mr. Paul Mat-thews, Constituent Services & Legislative Staff; Ms. Katie Heffernan, Constituent Serv-ices; Ms. Rochelle Colburn, Constituent Serv-ices; Ms. Sharon Ghezzi, Constituent Serv-ices; Ms. Natalee Campagnola, Constituent Services; Mr. Adam Boggs, Constituent Serv-ices; Ms. Jenifer Nawrocki, Legislative Direc-tor; Mr. Ian Manzano, Senior Policy Advisor; Mr. Tim Medeiros, Legislative Staff; Mr. Reggie Paros, Legislative Staff; Mr. Doug DeWysocki, Jr., Legislative Staff; Mr. Joshua Perez, Legislative Staff; Mr. Nicholas Catroppo, Deputy Chief of Staff; Ms. Alex Goodman, Legislative Staff; Mr. L.J. Govoni, Legislative Staff; Ms. Brittany Roberts, Legisla-tive Staff; Mr. Joshua Nawrocki, Legislative Staff; and, Ms. Blake Churchman, Legislative Staff. Mr. Speaker, I’d ask that the House join me in recognizing the service of each of these in-dividuals. This body has been well served, and indeed is better today, because of the service of these men and women; and the people of Pinellas County, Florida can be proud of their faithful work over these last three years. I consider each to be a friend, and I thank them today for joining me on this remarkable journey of representing Florida’s 13th Congressional District. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent December 2nd due to a medical appointment. Had I been present, I would have voted no on Roll Call Vote 600, agreeing to the conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. This year’s NDAA passed by the House of Representatives continues to contain spending for wars that were never authorized by Con-gress, mandates restrictions on closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay, and supplements Pentagon spending with $67.8 billion in Over-seas Contingency Operation funds. For these reasons, I oppose the Fiscal Year 2017 NDAA. However, the NDAA did include a lot of meritorious provisions that I support including a 2.1 percent pay increase for our military men and women. Those who serve in uniform have already made extraordinary sacrifices for our country, and have earned and deserve a pay raise. I also strongly support the provi-sions that address the growing problem of sexual assault in the military by updating the Uniform Code of Military Justice and providing public access to court documents and pro-ceedings. Additionally, I support the addition of lan-guage to direct the DOD to complete a review of all California Guard members who were im-pacted by the California National Guard Bonus Recoupment scandal and alleviate financial hardship for California Guardsmen who were erroneously paid bonuses. I am appalled that the Pentagon punished service members for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.046 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1651 December 8, 2016 
mismanagement by National Guard officials, and previously signed a letter to the Secretary of Defense demanding that the DOD halt recoupment efforts. Despite progress on these issues, I have serious concerns with the bill. I have always advocated for maintaining Congress’s constitu-tionally-confirmed prerogative to declare war under the War Powers Act and limiting the President’s authority to engage in armed con-flict without the consent of Congress. I strong-ly oppose the NDAA’s authorization of spend-ing for wars that are not congressionally ap-proved. The President has sent troops to Iraq, Syria and elsewhere without seeking an Au-thorization of Use of Military Force (AUMF), a violation of the War Powers Act. Additionally, the NDAA continues to bar the use of funds from transferring detainees from the Guantanamo Bay prison and prevents the President’s plan to permanently close this fa-cility. The prison at Guantanamo Bay has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded relationships with our allies, under-mined U.S. missions, and put our troops at risk of retaliation. Most importantly, this bill fails to rein in the only federal agency that is not fully auditable and continues to authorize wasteful spending without implementing proper oversight of the Pentagon’s budget. I am outraged by a recent report revealing $125 billion dollars in largely administrative, bureaucratic spending at the Pentagon was covered up. I have fought for fiscal responsibility and accountability at the Pentagon so that scarce funds can better be spent on the basic needs of our troops, obliga-tions to veterans of past wars and other do-mestic priorities throughout my time in Con-gress. Although this year’s NDAA contained signifi-cant bipartisan compromises it also failed to address some of my longtime concerns. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATALIE RAMOS AS AN OUTSTANDING PUBLIC SERV-ANT 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Natalie Ramos for her tireless work as Constituent Advocate for Florida’s Ninth Congressional District in Central Florida. Beginning as an intern in 2015, Natalie showed great promise from the start. She ex-celled and went on to become a Constituent Advocate where she played a vital role as part of the casework team. With her help, the office was able to assist members of the community, namely immigrants, veterans, and those seek-ing urgent assistance. She has a bright future ahead of her as a public servant. I am honored to recognize Natalie Ramos for her service to my office and the constitu-ents of Florida’s Ninth Congressional District. TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH K. AWADJIE HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to honor Mr. Joseph K. Awadjie for his years of compassionate advocacy and tire-less work to improve the lives of our students. Born and raised in Ghana, Mr. Awadjie is fluent in the languages of Twi, Fanti and Ga. Emigrating from Ghana, Mr. Awadjie was drawn to CUNY because of its rich diversity and broad service to New Yorkers of all back-grounds. Mr. Awadjie is dedicated to ensuring that students have an active role in university governance, and is committed to improving the quality of public higher education through advocacy efforts at the university, city, and state levels. Mr. Awadjie earned his Master of Science Degree at Brooklyn College, specializing in Natural and Behavioral Sciences, in June of 2016. Prior to his graduate studies, Mr. Awadjie earned his B.S in Exercise Science from Brooklyn College. In 2014, Mr. Awadjie was elected the thirtieth Chairperson of the University Student Senate (USS) and just completed his second term as the USS Chair-person and CUNY Trustee. Mr. Awadjie has a long record of service at CUNY. While at Brooklyn College, he has served as Senator of Student Government, President of the Forensics Debate team and the Academic Club Association, and Captain of the men’s soccer team. Shortly upon return-ing to Brooklyn College for his Master’s de-gree, Mr. Awadjie was elected President of the Graduate Student Organization. During his tenure at USS, Mr. Awadjie was an integral part of the grassroots campaign that restored a Merit Based Scholarship within the New York City Council Budget. With strong support from the City Council Com-mittee on Higher Education, Mr. Awadjie helped secure $11.1 million in the FY2015 Budget and $17 million in the FY2016 budget for a Merit Based Scholarship for CUNY stu-dents. In 2016, Mr. Awadjie led a successful student campaign to halt tuition increases at CUNY, while helping acquire increased fund-ing for essential university programming. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Mr. Joseph K. Awadjie for his con-sistently remarkable dedication to education and longstanding commitment to improving our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PRESIDENT OF THE CADILLAC AREA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, BILL TENCZA 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Bill Tencza, upon his retire-ment as the President of the Cadillac Area Chamber of Commerce. Bill became the President of the Cadillac Area Chamber of Commerce in 2000. Over the years Mr. Tencza has been a champion in furthering industry and education in Cadillac. He has played a vital role in the formation of the Business Expo and the LEAD meetings, along with fostering relationships between those in business and education. Mr. Tencza remains very active in the com-munity and has served as a judge for the Con-gressional App Challenge from our district. He also works with the Northern Michigan Cham-ber Alliance, Cadillac Industrial Fund and the Cadillac Area Industrial Group. After 16 years as the President of the Cad-illac Area Chamber of Commerce, Bill has left a legacy of hard work and dedication to the community of Cadillac. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan, I am honored today to extend my gratitude to Bill Tencza for his many years of hard work and service in the Cadillac Area Chamber of Commerce, and wish him a happy and healthful retirement. f 
RECOGNIZING 50 YEARS OF THE BI-STATE REGIONAL COMMISSION 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Bi-State Regional Commis-sion on 50 years of collaboration to promote important changes to transportation, commu-nication, technology, and the environment in the Quad-Cities area. Through intergovernmental and regional co-operation, this commission has brought local governments from Illinois and Iowa together to address important economic issues and col-laborate on projects for the benefit of the re-gion. Some notable projects include devel-oping our interstate system, the expansion of the 1–74 bridge and improvements to pas-senger rail service and transit systems in the region. I applaud the efforts of this commis-sion for their commitment to excellence in the Quad Cities. Mr. Speaker, I again want to congratulate the Bi-State Regional Commission for this re-markable achievement and I thank them for their 50 years of service to our community. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO NANCY O’KEEFE 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nancy O’Keefe who is retiring from the Historic Third Ward Association, HTWA, on January 3, 2017. The HTWA was orga-nized 41 years ago and Nancy has served the organization for 21 of those years. She began since 1996 and for 20 of those 21 years of service has been the Executive Director of the HTWA. During her tenure as Executive Direc-tor, the agency has grown tremendously; she has gone from supervising 2 employees to over 50. In the 20 years since Nancy O’Keefe took charge as executive director, she has helped HTWA act as a catalyst to develop the district 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.049 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1652 December 8, 2016 
as an innovative, livable and exciting mixed use neighborhood while preserving its historic and creative character. The neighborhood has emerged with vibrant agencies, businesses, restaurants and entertainment venues includ-ing: The Broadway Theatre Center with its spectacular Cabot Theatre draws audiences into the ward at night, many fine restaurants bringing a contemporary vibe and flair to the neighborhood, a Congressional District Office, and the annual Third Ward Art Festival has joined the roster of Milwaukee’s outdoor events. However, the construction of the Mil-waukee Public Market has been the pivotal point in guaranteeing the Third Ward’s sus-tained viability, as well as, a new hotel, the Journeyman. However, the HTWA does not want to rest on its laurels, Nancy would like to see more public space, more people getting off the streetcar and shopping and dining in restaurants, as well as, a grocery store and a drug store in the Third Ward. Nancy O’Keefe is responsible for the many social events which are staples of the down-town culture and brought many visitors to the Third Ward including: Summer Sizzles, Christ-mas in the Third Ward, Gallery Nights, World’s Largest Coffee Break, Shortest & Smallest St. Patrick’s Day Parades, Sculptures on Ice Competitions, and Small Business Saturdays. She has also served on numerous boards in-cluding: Architectural Review Board, Friends of Lakeshore State Park, and Downtown Neighborhood Association. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know and work with Nancy O’Keefe. In fact my Congressional District Office is sited in the Third Ward. I have had the privilege of joining with Nancy and other dignitaries to promote Small Business Saturday and other events in the Third Ward. I join with friends in congratu-lating her on her retirement. I wish her much success as she transitions into a different phase of her life. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Nancy O’Keefe and celebrate her outstanding leader-ship. Nancy O’Keefe has overseen the Third Ward’s transformation from a district with growing potential into an urban success story. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict and the State of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of her ability and dedicated service working on their behalf for so many years. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Nancy O’Keefe. 
f 
COMMEMORATING FRANK ABDNOUR, OWNER OF THE SPOT-TED COW 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Frank Abdnour of Peoria, Illinois on his retirement as owner of The Spotted Cow, an iconic restaurant in my hometown. Mr. Abdnour first opened the Spotted Cow in the early 1980’s as an ice cream push-cart on the Bradley University campus. During this time, Frank became a fixture of campus life and a favorite of students in need of a frozen treat in between classes. In 1987, fueled by the American entrepreneurial spirit, Frank suc-cessfully opened a brick-and-mortar ice cream store in Peoria Heights. Nineteen years later, Frank pursued his dream of turning the Spot-ted Cow into a full service restaurant at the corner of Sheridan and Glen, where it has be-come an institution in the Peoria community, serving the most delicious food and of course, ice cream. The Spotted Cow is a landmark throughout Central Illinois, known for its Italian beef, burg-ers, salads, and, most importantly, ice cream. Frank’s famous, one of a kind ice cream is made in-store with flavors that can only be found at the Spotted Cow. I extend my sincere congratulations to Frank on a successful career as a Peoria icon, and I look forward to seeing his legacy carry on as The Spotted Cow continues to serve as a cor-nerstone of Peoria culture for years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING BELLA RUBIO FOR HER 20 YEARS OF DEDICATED PUBLIC SERVICE TO REAL COUN-TY AND THE STATE OF TEXAS 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Bella Rubio for 20 years of dedicated public service to Real County and the State of Texas. Bella currently serves as county and district clerk for Real County, the western-most coun-ty that I represent. She is retiring but her leg-acy will live on for years to come in the towns of Leakey and Camp Wood in Real County. Bella has been a dear friend to me and my staff for two decades. She is well-respected in her community and has helped me greatly in serving Real County at the federal level. For anyone in Real County needing assistance with the government, Bella has been there for them. She is dedicated, persistent, and con-scientious. Apparently, Bella has inspired a spirit of public service in her son, Lucus, who is now interning in my San Antonio district office. Congratulations to Bella Rubio on her retire-ment. Everyone who knows her appreciates her many contributions to Real County. She is a patriot, a leader, and a friend to all. And for all that she deserves our heartfelt thanks. 
f 
HONORING SHERIFF BRIAN MARTIN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sheriff Brian Martin, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Lake County in Califor-nia’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our commu-nity who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. A native of Lakeport, California, Sheriff Mar-tin enlisted in the United States Army Military Police in 1992. While in the Army, Sheriff Mar-tin was a paratrooper and was assigned to the Fort Bragg Military Police Special Reaction Team as a team leader and sniper. Sheriff Martin then attended Modesto Junior College Police Academy in 1997 and joined the Pismo Beach Police Department where he was rec-ognized by Mothers Against Drunk Driving and as an Officer of the Year. Sheriff Martin has since served as Deputy Sheriff, Sergeant and Lieutenant in the Lake County Sheriff’s Office. Sheriff Martin has served as Sheriff for Lake County and provided valuable leadership dur-ing times of crisis. During the devastating fire season of 2015, Sheriff Martin led the evacu-ation of 20,000 people in response to the his-toric Valley Fire, which burned over 70,000 acres and destroyed nearly 2,000 structures. His actions saved countless lives in Lake County. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff Martin for his dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor him here today. f 
TYBEE ISLAND VETERANS CIRCLE OF FREEDOM MEMORIAL MONU-MENT 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Tybee Island Veterans Circle of Freedom Memorial Monument. This monument is a tribute to all branches of the military: Army, Navy, Air Force, Ma-rines, Merchant Marines, and Coast Guard. It was built for all veterans that have pre-viously served in the United States Armed Forces as well as those currently serving. The Veterans Circle of Freedom Memorial Monument took several years to complete, with a committee dedicated to this project be-ginning their work in October 2006. Tybee Is-land donated a piece of property in Memorial Park, and the groundbreaking was done two years later, on December 7, 2009. I am proud to represent a district whose citi-zens came together to build this memorial monument. Generous donations poured in from community members, fundraisers, and even brick sales. This speaks to the proud military tradition present on Tybee Island, and Georgia’s First Congressional District, more broadly. The monument is a beautiful tribute to our servicemen, and I thank the city of Tybee Island for making it happen. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ANNA MARIE SMITH 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Anna Marie Smith, a woman of strength, character and commitment to her community. Ms. Smith has been a friend, mentor and volunteer to many individuals and for organizations throughout the City of Gloucester City and the surrounding commu-nity in southern New Jersey, including myself, and it only seems fitting that we honor some-one on the floor of the House of Representa-tives who has dedicated herself to helping oth-ers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.054 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1653 December 8, 2016 
Ms. Smith has lived in the City of Glouces-ter City since 1963. Throughout the time since then, she has proven to be a tireless advocate for veterans, children, those less fortunate and animals. For the past twenty-eight years, Ms. Smith has been the Secretary to the Gloucester City Board of Health. She worked for a decade at the Camden County, New Jersey Clerk’s Of-fice until she retired at the age of 82. She formed the Heroes to Hero Run and Memorial Scholarship Event in honor of our fallen soldiers, and remains actively involved in that yearly event. She is an active member of the local Democratic Committee’s Executive Board and attends monthly meetings and vol-unteer activities. Ms. Smith works actively with the City of Gloucester City’s Rabies Clinic, and volun-teers to help staff the events in the City and she regularly volunteers her time for the City’s Red Cross Blood Drive. She volunteers at the local Ronald McDonald House, at the Larc School for disabled children, and helps to col-lect school supplies and winter clothing items for local school children. With all of her volunteer efforts, Ms. Smith remains a proud Grandmother to Velann Tomlin and is fixture in the lives of her Great Grandchildren, Luke and Mersadie. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Smith continues to en-courage and inspire everyone who knows her and those she continues to meet. I hope that you will all join me in thanking her for all she has done and will continue to do for her friends, family and neighbors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONORABLE A. WALLACE CATO 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an excep-tional public servant and outstanding leader, Chief Judge Anthony Wallace Cato, on the oc-casion of his retirement from the South Geor-gia Judicial Circuit in Bainbridge, Georgia. A. Wallace Cato was born on February 6, 1938 in Decatur County, Georgia to the late John Ebb Cato and Edna Stegall Cato. A Georgia man through and through, he has lived in Bainbridge his entire life. He attended the University of Georgia and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in 1960 and a law degree in 1964. In 1966, he was elected to the Georgia House of Representatives but he resigned in November 1969 to take office as District Attor-ney for the South Georgia Judicial Circuit. He served as District Attorney, prosecuting crimes in Southwest Georgia, until 1978. Judge Cato resigned as District Attorney in 1978 and was appointed as Superior Court Judge for the South Georgia Judicial Circuit in a newly added seat. He served as Judge under Chief Judge Robert Culpepper, Jr. until December 15, 1982 when Judge Culpepper retired. At that time, Judge Cato became Chief Judge and he has maintained that position since. Chief Judge Cato was a member of the Council of Superior Court Judges and served as Secretary and Treasurer in 1983–1984 under President Judge Emory Findley. Chief Judge Cato succeeded Judge Findley as the President of the Council in 1984–1985. Chief Judge Cato also served as an Admin-istrative Judge of the Second Judicial Adminis-trative District for two terms: 1986 through 1988 and 2002 through 2006. As Administra-tive Judge, he served on the Executive Com-mittee of the Council during these time peri-ods. Throughout his career, Chief Judge Cato has been recognized for his commitment and leadership on the bench. This year, he re-ceived the 5th Annual Emory Findley Award for Outstanding Judicial Service from the Council of Superior Court Judges. Always a mentor to those around him, Chief Judge Cato possesses the rare quality of humble leader-ship. After retirement, Chief Judge Cato will enjoy spending time with his wife, Sadie; their three children, Karen, Wally, and Nancy; and six grandchildren. Chief Judge Cato has accom-plished much in his life, but none of it would be possible without the love and support of the family he cherishes so dearly. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to the Honorable A. Wallace Cato upon the occasion of his retirement from an outstanding career spanning 38 years as a Judge for the South Georgia Judicial Circuit. f 
DAN EVANS OLYMPIC WILDERNESS ACT 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, my home state of Washington and the region I represent are known for their breathtaking natural treas-ures. Visitors from around the world come to take in the view of Mt. Rainier and hike the beau-tiful trails in the North Cascades. But we cannot talk about Washington’s nat-ural treasures without thanking the man who’s been instrumental in maintaining and pro-tecting them for future generations. Former Washington governor and U.S. Sen-ator, Dan Evans, had an unwavering commit-ment to preserving our state’s national parks and forests throughout his distinguished 50 years as a public servant. From the 1984 Washington Wilderness Act to the Washington Park Wilderness Act of 1988, Senator Evans’ initiatives have had a lasting impact on every person who had or will get the opportunity to experience Mother Na-ture’s gifts. It is only fitting that the name of the Olympic National Park Wilderness recognizes the ef-forts of the man who fought so hard to pre-serve it. As someone who remembers the excite-ment of exploring our national forests as a kid, it has been one of my greatest pleasures as a father—and now as a grandfather—to pass the experience on to new generations. Senator Evans understood this. He under-stood that even man’s greatest feats of archi-tecture could not compare to the magnificence Mt. Rainer’s over 14,000 foot summit or the hidden pristine lakes in the North Cascades. He understood we only have one chance to protect these gifts. And as a Republican from Washington State, he showed us that conservation did not have to be a partisan issue. It is a duty that falls on all of us, regardless of party or region. Senator Evans deserves to be recognized for the contributions he made to my home state and to our country. I ask my colleagues in the House to please join me in supporting the Daniel J. Evans Olympic National Park Wilderness Act. f 
TRIBUTE TO SCOTT AUWATER 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to honor Mr. Scott Auwater for his many years of selfless and compassionate service to the African community, and all of our community’s residents. Scott Auwater became BronxWorks’ Assist-ant Executive Director for Case Management Programs in 2002 after serving as a depart-ment director for seven years. He is an alum-nus of the State University of New York at Cortland and has a Master’s degree from the Hunter College School of Social Work. After graduating from college, he served for two years in the Peace Corps in Sierra Leone. Scott first joined BronxWorks as a student in-tern in 1986 and has been a full-time staff member since 1988. His portfolio includes BronxWorks’ street homeless services, family shelters, HIV/AIDS services, and foster care prevention programs. Scott established the BronxWorks Homeless Outreach Team, led BronxWorks’ expansion into the homeless services programs, and he is widely recognized as an expert on home-lessness. He oversaw BronxWorks’ role in dramatically reducing street homelessness in the borough and has done innovative work in addressing the health needs of chronically homeless individuals. Scott has served on a number of not-for- profit boards over the years including The Bronx Borough President’s African Advisory Board and Throup Family Residence, a Bronx faith-based organization that shelters families and provides permanent supportive housing. Scott is married to Luz Real and has four chil-dren. In the years since his Peace Corps serv-ices ended, Scott has kept in close contact with his network of friends in Sierra Leone and returned to the country twice. Scott and Luz’s youngest son, Hassan, was born in Sierra Leone during the country’s brutal civil war and Hassan was adopted after his birth parents were killed during the war. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Mr. Scott Auwater for his consistently remarkable dedication to public service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.059 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1654 December 8, 2016 
REP. CORRINE BROWN, RANKING MEMBER COMMITTEE ON VET-ERANS AFFAIRS NOTABLE AC-COMPLISHMENTS OF 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, U.S. Representative C
ORRINE BROWN , has been a member of the House Veterans Committee for 23 years becoming its Ranking Member at the beginning of the 114th Congress. Because of my long tenure my work in key policy areas bridges from one Congress to the next. With that said, here are a few highlights of my ac-complishments in the 114th Congress: 
RESTRUCTURING THE VA BUDGET  I sponsored the Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act, H.R. 216, which restructures the VA’s budget based on how much it costs to deliver serv-ices to veterans. It sets down the require-ments for knowing what their needs are and then draws up a budget that will meet those needs. In its present form, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs budget process does not provide sufficient information on not only current resource requirements, but also future fund-ing needs. To improve the budget formula-tion process and by extension, the Commit-tee’s understanding of the Departments goals and the resources needed to meet those goals H.R. 216 reforms the manner in which the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) de-termines, plans for, and delivers health care, benefits and services, by requiring the VA to periodically review and assess veterans’ needs, identify a plan of action to meet these changing needs, and align its resource re-quirements with its current, and future, op-erations. H.R. 216 passed the House on March 24, 2016 by a vote of 420–0, and awaits action in the Senate. 
CLEARING LOGJAMS IN HOSPITAL CONSTRUCTION  Funding caps, contractor lawsuits and de-sign changes have delayed and even threat-ened the opening of new VA medical facili-ties. By consistently concentrating on getting hospitals open I helped the Veterans Com-mittee bypass the partisan infighting and legislative stalemates that threatened to shutter new construction projects. I led the effort to garner support among the Demo-cratic Caucus for down-to-the-wire emer-gency funding necessary to finish new con-struction projects, while at the same time, working in close coordination with VA Sec-retary McDonald and the Chairman of the House Veterans Committee to provide nec-essary assurances that those at the VA re-sponsible for malfeasance in new hospital construction would be held accountable. The funding passed the House September 30, 2015 as part of an omnibus bill to continue to fund the government after a previous con-tinuing resolution expired. 
CHOICE PROGRAM  Veterans cite access to health care, both physical and mental care, as their most im-portant benefit. The Veterans Choice pro-gram was enacted by the 113th Congress as a temporary program in the wake of the wait time scandal that was endemic across the VA in 2014. In the first full year after enact-ment, VA made 1.6 million more appoint-ments than it did the year before. Though she was not the Ranking Member of the Vet-erans Committee at the time of enactment, she was a conferee and participated fully in the negotiations that led to the program’s inception. Since I became the Ranking Member, VA has proposed following the current Choice program with a more permanent program and has presented the Committee with a long-term strategy for consolidation of com-munity care programs. One of the essential elements is that the plan streamlines eligibility requirements for veterans to receive increased access to care in their communities from non-VA providers. The goals of the new Choice program include making access to community care easier to understand, improving the veterans’ experi-ence, clarifying the program for VA staff, and make it easier for community providers to partner with VA, provide seamless con-nections between VA and community pro-viders and apply best practices from the pri-vate sector. I have taken a leadership role in three key areas to help in the implementation of the new program: 1. Encouraging veterans to sign up for care. In opening statements before Full Com-mittees hearings and repeatedly in public fo-rums at home and in Washington, I have ex-pressed frustration that too many veterans don’t sign up for the VA care they are enti-tled to. In order to overcome any doubts about the quality of care veterans may have after the drumbeat of negative news about the VA after the wait time scandals in 2013, I counter the negative images summarizing survey figures indicating that once they are in the system and receiving care, veterans are extremely satisfied with the quality of that care. 2. Recognizing that there were implemen-tation problems and that unusually close co-ordination between Congress and the VA would cut through them faster, I called meetings with Democratic House Members and VA Secretary Robert McDonald to allow members to air concerns, prioritize changes that needed to be made, and determine whether legislation would be needed to fix the problems. 3. The absence of a workable provider agreement proved to be a major logjam in the delivery of Choice Program care. Upon discovering this, I led an effort among House Committee members to put in place a simple two-page provider agreement so more pri-vate care doctors could begin delivering services to veterans and be paid in a timely manner. OPIOIDS  Opioid abuse is a rampant problem which cuts across all socioeconomic classes. Recog-nizing that wounded veterans are at risk for the over prescription of opioids for pain treatment. I advocated for VA to initiate a program of ensuring alternative treatment techniques. In May, 2016, the House passed a bipartisan package of bills to battle Amer-ica’s growing epidemic of painkiller abuse and heroin addiction focusing on opioid ad-diction, treatment and prevention. An im-portant element was the PROMISE Act, which will help improve VA opioid safety, and provide Veterans with safe, personalized care to deal with their physical and invisible wounds including using alternative treat-ment techniques. From the beginning, the PROMISE Act is a bipartisan bill. It is cur-rently being conferenced with similar legis-lation which passed the Senate. 
WOMEN VETERANS  I introduced H.R. 1575, which makes per-manent a highly successful pilot program to provide counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from serv-ice in the Armed Forces. Women veterans transitioning from active duty experience re-adjustment issues such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), military sexual trau-ma, substance abuse, and homelessness simi-lar to their male counterparts, yet there are indications that military service may affect women differently than men. Research has shown that women exposed to stressful situ-ations like combat or military sexual trau-ma react differently than their male coun-terparts, and female veterans commit sui-cide at nearly six times the rate of other women. Ensuring that VA is properly addressing the unique needs of women veterans is an es-sential component of the Committee’s over-sight efforts. During the 111th Congress, the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (P.L. 111–163, 124 Stat. 1130) required VA to conduct, through the Readjustment Counseling Service Vet Center Program (RCS), a pilot program to evaluate the feasibility and advisability of providing reintegration and readjustment services in group retreat settings to women veterans re-cently separated from service in the Armed Forces after a prolonged deployment. The pilot program ran for two years. Evaluation data was gathered pre-retreat, immediately post-retreat, and 2-month post-retreat. Writ-ten feedback from the veteran participants immediately after the retreats was unani-mously positive for both years and RCS re-ceived several letters from participants ex-pressing their gratitude for the opportunity. More importantly, the majority of the women veterans who participated in the re-treats showed improvements in their psycho-logical well-being, decreased stress symp-toms, improved stress coping skills, and a re-duction in the severity of their PTSD symp-toms immediately both following the retreat and 2-months post retreat. H.R. 1575 was re-ported to the House by the Veterans Com-mittee on November 2, 2015, and awaits con-sideration on the House Floor. I cosponsored H.R. 1948, the Veterans’ Ac-cess to Child Care Act, sponsored by Rep. Julia Brownley, Ranking Member of the Health Subcommittee. It expands and makes permanent a successful pilot which provides drop off child care services for veterans with appointments at a VA medical center. Stud-ies of the four original sites in the pilot showed that the program is extremely pop-ular with veterans, particularly veterans who are grandparents. The program also proved to have been effective in reducing ‘‘no show’’ appointments at VA. HOMELESS VETERANS  I sponsored H.R. 5407, the Homeless Vet-erans with Children Reintegration Act. It di-rects the Secretary of Labor to put homeless veterans with dependent children at the top of the list to receive services through the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program (HVRP). This program provides grants to local workforce boards, non-profits, and community and faith-based organizations to help homeless veterans find jobs. HVRP is one of the few nationwide federal programs focusing exclusively on helping homeless veterans reintegrate into the work-force. By making veterans with children the priority to receive the temporary housing and the wrap-around services necessary to support a single working parent with chil-dren, it is my hope that vulnerable families will stabilize, move on to permanent housing and employment, and one-by-one, never be forced to spend another night in an unsafe environment. The bill would also require DOL to study access to shelter, safety and other relevant services for homeless veterans with dependent children. This information would help us understand the problem and identify opportunities to resolve issues fac-ing homeless veterans with children. A hear-ing was held on June 23 in the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.063 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1655 December 8, 2016 
Veterans Affairs. Testimony in support of its passage was received from the American Le-gion Veterans of Foreign Wars, Disabled American Veterans, Paralyzed Veterans of America and the Vietnam Veterans of Amer-ica. 
DISABLED VETERANS  IT Accessibility for Visually Impaired Vet-erans—In February, 2015, i pushed the VA Secretary to ensure the agency is compliant with laws requiring VA website accessibility for disabled veterans, particularly for vis-ually impaired veterans, and received the George ‘‘Buck’’ Gillispie Award from the Blinded American Veterans Foundation in June, 2016. Caregivers—In 2010, the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act (P.L. 111–163) was enacted to provide comprehen-sive caregiver support to caregivers of vet-erans severely injured or disabled after Sep-tember 11, 2001. I strongly advocated for the enactment of the original program. In the six years since, I have spoken with many caregivers in my district who have benefited from the program, but also heard from care-givers who have given up careers to provide unpaid care for veterans suffering from ill-ness rather than injuries, or who were in-jured or became ill before 9/11. I strongly favor expanding this highly successful pro-gram to provide support for them by cospon-soring H.R. 1969, the Military and Veteran Caregiver Services Improvement Act. The bill has been referred to the Veterans Com-mittee and several other committees con-tinues to push for hearings and has advo-cated about the need to find the necessary funding by closing tax loopholes and not cut-ting other VA programs. 
HONORING AND MEMORIALIZING VETERANS AND  
SURVIVING SPOUSES  I sponsored H.R. 3715, the Final Farewell Act of 2016. It provides for Saturday burials for any eligible veteran or spouse at any of the nation’s 134 National Veterans’ Ceme-teries in light of the preference in certain communities and cultures in the US who, by tradition, hold burial services on Saturdays. This makes it possible for family members to be comforted when they need it most. H.R. 3715 passed the House by voice vote on May 23, 2016. Introduced H.R. 5059 the Love Lives On Act of 2016, April 26, 2016, which allows spouses to continue to receive survival benefits should they remarry, which has been, referred to Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs. I am working with Vet-eran Service Organizations such as the Gold Star Wives of America and Tragedy Assist-ance Program for Survivors (TAPS) to gar-ner the support and find the funding offsets needed to make this bill a priority and move it forward. I took the lead in the effort by Members of Congress on the House side for the inclusion in H.R. 4909, the 2017 National Defense Au-thorization Act (NDAA) and H.R. 4974, the 2017 Military Construction Appropriations and Veterans Affairs Act of $5 Million (through the Department of Defense) to sup-port the Women in Military Service to America Memorial (WIMSA) at Arlington Cemetery. WIMSA recognizes and honors the service of women in the military throughout the country’s history. The 2017 funding is primarily for maintenance and renovation of the Memorial’s building, which is in serious disrepair. Funding for the WIMSA’s edu-cational programs and exhibitions come from private fundraising. These efforts were successful. H.R. 4909 passed the House on May 26 and is awaiting action in the Senate. H.R. 4974, passed the House on May 19 and the House-Senate Conference Report passed the House June 22. COMMENDING THE WASHINGTON REGIONAL ALCOHOL PROGRAM AND THE KICKOFF OF SOBERRIDE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Washington Regional Alcohol Program (WRAP) and to congratulate the re-cipients of the Law Enforcement Awards for Excellence. Founded in 1982, WRAP is an award-win-ning, public-private coalition formed to fight drunk driving, drugged driving, and underage drinking in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan region. Through educational and innovative public outreach programs, WRAP is credited with keeping local alcohol-related death rates consistently below the national average. Its programs educate students and the general public on the dangers of alcohol and drugs, particularly driving while under the influence. Through the WRAP Holiday SoberRide pro-gram, individuals who are impaired can re-quest a free cab ride home. Since SoberRide was launched in 1993, 65,385 free cab rides have been provided in the Washington Metro-politan area, preventing potential accidents and deaths. In 1982, the year that WRAP was founded, 26,173 people in the United States lost their lives in alcohol-related car accidents, and 60 percent of all traffic fatalities involved drunk driving. Due to the tireless efforts of WRAP, other organizations such as MADD and SADD, local and state police, and enforce-ment of more stringent anti-drunk driving laws, considerable progress has been made in de-creasing the number of alcohol-related traffic fatalities, yet more still must be done. In 2015, 10,265 people died in the United States in al-cohol-related crashes which represents 29 percent of all traffic fatalities. Sadly, this is a 3.2 percent increase over the 2014 fatalities which totaled 9,967. Since 1997, WRAP has sponsored an an-nual Law Enforcement Awards Ceremony to honor local law enforcement professionals who have gone above and beyond the call of duty in the fight against drunk driving. It is my honor to include the following names of the Law Enforcement Awards of Excellence for Impaired Driving Prevention recipients: Officer Wesley Vitale, City of Alexandria Po-lice Department; Officer John Clark, Arlington County Police Department; PFC Kevin Hedden, City of Falls Church Police Department; Second Lieutenant Jason Long, Fairfax County Police Department; Private First Class Eliezer Calo, Herndon Police Department; Deputy Jason Totaro, Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office; Trooper First Class Anthony Wallace, Mary-land State Police; Officer David Naples, Metropolitan Police Department; Police Officer III John P. Romack, Mont-gomery County Department of Police; Police Officer III Alex Latifov, Montgomery County Department of Police; Corporal Sage Saliba, Prince George’s County Police Department; Officer Jeremy A. Schenck, Prince William County Police Department; Officer Benjamin Tomasiello, United States Park Police; Trooper Zachary Koon, Virginia State Po-lice. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the recipients of the Law Enforcement Awards of Excellence and in rec-ognizing WRAP for its 34 years of public serv-ice. I commend the staff of WRAP under the leadership of President Kurt Erickson for their tireless dedication to eradicating underage drinking and drunk or drugged driving. Their efforts combined with the support of partner organizations and law enforcement agencies have truly saved lives and are deserving of our highest praise and gratitude. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ISRAEL’S 68TH INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Israel’s 68th Independence Day commemorating the day before the expiration of the British Mandate in 1948, when Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion declared the establishment of Israel as the sovereign state of the Jewish people. I am pleased to celebrate that defining moment, as well as Israel’s remarkable growth and suc-cess. When the United Nations issued Resolution 181 on November 29, 1947, approving the Special Committee on Palestine’s partition plan establishing a Jewish and an Arab state, it seemed to be the culmination of decades of hard work and bold dreams. On May 14, 1948 (5 Iyar), as the British Mandate was coming to an end, David Ben-Gurion held a special cere-mony at the Tel Aviv Museum and read the Declaration of Independence (Megilat HaAtzma’ut), announcing the establishment of a Jewish nation to be known as Israel. The members of the Provisional State Council joined him in signing the document. America recognized Israel just after midnight on May 15, moments after the new nation was pro-claimed. Since that day the relationship between the United States and Israel has strengthened and flourished. Israel remains a beacon of hope and justice in an otherwise tumultuous region. Democracy, freedom of expression, an inde-pendent judiciary and government by the rule of law are among the ideals shared by our two nations. As a result of our common outlook, the bonds of friendship between our two na-tions are strong and unbreakable. Like the United States, Israel is a nation of immigrants and draws its strength from the di-versity and tenacity of its people. Israel has been a haven for Jews from every part of the globe, particularly those fleeing discrimination and expulsion. Israel has succeeded in inte-grating diverse populations and making them part of Israeli culture. By investing in its citizens, Israel has proven that a creative and resourceful population can overcome a lack of natural resources. Lacking potable water, Israel is at the forefront of de-salination efforts. Lacking arable land, it has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.063 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1656 December 8, 2016 
developed innovative ways to grow produce in the desert. Lacking energy, it has pioneered advances in solar and wind energy. Lacking security, it has built some of the most effective defensive systems to ensure the safety and welfare of its people. Given its record of innovation, it makes sense that Israel has more high tech start ups than any other country in the world other than the United States and is a global leader in medicine. Israeli inventions have revolution-ized communication, agriculture, imaging and other industries. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the 68th Israeli Independ-ence Day. Today we rejoice in Israel’s suc-cess, embrace its people, and renew our na-tion’s commitment to standing alongside Israel in defense of its right to safety and prosperity. 
f 
TRIBUTE FOR CAL AND SANDY RUNYON’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th wedding anniversary of a beloved couple in Eastern Kentucky, my dear friends, Cal and Sandy Runyon of Pikeville. Cal and Sandy’s commitment and love for one another is equally as strong as their devo-tion and loyal service to the people of Eastern Kentucky. I say that with confidence due to their combined decades of service in multiple capacities to our nation, our commonwealth and our region. Sandy faithfully served as my Field Rep-resentative for nearly a decade. In fact, she still tries to keep me in line, advising and pro-viding guidance about projects and politics in the Big Sandy region. She is a friend to many and has mentored countless young people and rising leaders by taking them under her wing. Sandy started in public service at a young age, landing her first job with former Pike County Commonwealth’s Attorney Thom-as Ratliff, and continuing on with the State Highway Department in Pikeville, serving as a former representative for the Southern Labor Union, and finally earning a gubernatorial ap-pointment as former Pike County Circuit Court Clerk. Today, her heart of service reaches Floyd, Johnson, Magoffin, Martin and Pike Counties as Executive Director of the Big Sandy Area Development District. She has diligently sought out economic development opportunities and infrastructure enhancements to expand clean water and sewer service to people living in some of our most rural com-munities. She’s known for getting things done in a no-nonsense approach and doesn’t ac-cept excuses. Sandy is tenacious and fights for projects that will improve the lives of East-ern Kentuckians. For those reasons, former Governor Louie B. Nunn designated Sandy as a bonafide Kentucky Colonel. While Sandy has worked tirelessly for project funding, Cal has spent a lifetime serv-ing and protecting our way of life. As a Cor-poral in the U.S. Marines, Cal served in Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba and a number of other posts around the world. He later served as a member of the United States Army Security Agency (USASA) in Kushiro, Japan, working in cryptography communications. When Cal returned to U.S. soil, he continued to serve through the Pike County Sheriff’s Department, Pikeville City Police Department, and as a Deputy U.S. Marshal Court Security Officer. He is also a Shriner and 32nd Degree Mason in Pikeville. As individuals, they have helped transform Kentucky’s Appalachian region. As a couple, they have conquered the obstacles of life, upheld their wedding vows for 50 years and shared a love that so many people spend a lifetime searching for. As a result, they have one son, Eddie, a daughter-in-law, Yvette, and two wonderful grandchildren, Triniti Shae and Jonah Brock Runyon. My wife, Cynthia, and I wish Cal and Sandy a happy 50th Anniversary and many more years of marital bliss. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF SACRAMENTO CHILDREN’S HOME 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th anniversary of the Sac-ramento Children’s Home. As the staff, volun-teers, and community supporters gather to cel-ebrate this momentous occasion and the beautiful renovations on their historic home, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing this outstanding organization. I know firsthand the incredible impact the Children’s home has on our community. I have long been a supporter of the Sacramento Chil-dren’s Home and I formerly served as a mem-ber of their board. I will continue to offer my support in any way that I can because I be-lieve in their mission to serve our community’s most vulnerable families. By supporting both children and parents, to create happier, more stable families, the Sacramento Children’s Home is making an invaluable investment in our community. Founded on February 14th, 1867, the Sac-ramento Children’s home began as an orphan-age for abandoned children during the time of the Gold Rush. Since then, the Sacramento Children’s home has continued to serve the most urgent needs of children with unwavering dedication. Today, the Sacramento Children’s Home provides a variety of services to chil-dren and families, including counseling, emer-gency childcare, and programs promoting healthy parenting. These wraparound pro-grams and resources, many of which are pro-vided at no cost to the family, fight and protect against child abuse and neglect in our com-munity. Mr. Speaker, as the Sacramento Children’s Home gathers to celebrate their renovated home on their 150th anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring 150 years of service to Sacramento’s children and families. ASSAULTING PROPERTY RIGHTS TO ONE’S INVENTIONS HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to the attention of my colleagues an analysis of our recent government actions to-ward intellectual property rights titled ‘‘Assault-ing Property Rights to One’s Inventions,’’ which shows how we are undermining our po-sition as the world leader in innovation and preventing the creation of new wealth. For a country with a momentous beginning, whose intellectual-property-rights approach produced the most iconic inventors and inven-tions in the world, recent changes to Amer-ica’s patent system should be alarming. Mark Twain wrote, ‘‘[A] country without a patent office and good patent laws was just a crab and couldn’t travel any way but sideways or backwards.’’ America made writing ‘‘good patent laws’’ that secure intellectual property rights a high priority. The Founders enumerated the Patent Clause in Article I, Section 8 of our Constitu-tion—the only individual right named in the Constitution itself. The Founders moved quickly to implement this property right. The Patent Act of 1790 was the third law enacted by the first Congress. What did the Founders regard as ‘‘good pat-ent law?’’ Deeding newly created property to its creator. One that democratized the property right to one’s inventions. The 1790 law achieved this by awarding a patent to the ‘‘first and true inventor.’’ But lately, Congress, the courts and the ad-ministrative branch have diverted America to-ward the way of the crab. Our own govern-ment has whittled away at our patent system, degraded patent rights, devalued patents and IP and diminished inherent property rights. What would inventors like Thomas Edison, the Wright Brothers and Alexander Graham Bell think about this new direction? Or Found-ers such as James Madison? In recent years, Congress has shifted patent terms to 20 years from when a patent is ap-plied for, though the average patent applica-tion pendency is 36 months—far longer for so-phisticated inventions. Congress changed the law to require vir-tually all patent applications to be published 18 months after filing, even if no patent has issued. That’s a problem because it gives IP thieves a head start by providing them an in-vention’s blueprints early. If a patent doesn’t issue, disclosure makes the invention ‘‘prior art’’ and unpatentable. Congress enacted the antiproperty-rights ‘‘America Invents Act.’’ AIA denies inventors de novo judicial review if the patent office in-validates a patent. AIA also lets patent infring-ers off the hook if they used someone’s pat-ented invention for a year before a patent was filed. It seriously disrupts the one-year grace period, when inventors could discuss their ideas with investors and partners, improve their details and make a stronger patent appli-cation. The AIA allows third parties to anonymously submit ‘‘prior art’’ while a patent application is being considered. Use of an invention any-where in the world now makes an invention subject to being invalidated here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.065 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1657 December 8, 2016 
AIA changed from a first-to-invent to a first- to-file basis for winning the patent. This runs counter to the American principle of a property right to one’s ideas AIA also put the post-grant challenge proc-ess, started in 1999, on steroids. Now anyone, with or without standing, may ask the Patent Trial and Appeal Board to invalidate an issued patent, with a low burden of proof. Infringers, hedge fund sharks or anyone can bring patent holders into double-jeopardy-like patent reex-amination in this quasi-judicial administrative setting. Judge Randal Rader has called the PTAB a ‘‘patent death squad’’ because it re-vokes patents 80 percent of the time. Courts are making it harder to secure a pat-ent, in rulings like KSR v. Teleflex, Bilski v. Kappos and Mayo v. Prometheus. Judicial rul-ings have also raised the bar for patent own-ers to win infringement, in such cases as Global-Tech Appliances v. SEB, Abbott Labs v. Sandoz and Quanta Computer v. LG. Even if an inventor gets a patent, then proves someone is infringing the patent, courts have put permanent injunction against infringers out of reach under eBay v. MercExchange. A patent is supposed to en-sure exclusive rights, but if you can’t stop in-fringers from making, using or selling your in-vention even when you’ve proven IP theft, where is the private property right to exclu-sivity? Agencies like the Federal Trade Commis-sion, myopically fixated on antitrust and unproven theories of patent litigation abuse, miss the core constitutional goal of patents, namely to vest in individual inventors enforce-able property rights, which include the right to sell or license that intellectual property. The FTC’s recent ‘‘study’’ of certain patent asser-tion entities, or PAEs, paints with such a broad brush; it sheds little light on this area of patent litigation. The FTC lacks sufficient data to draw con-clusions, especially with an unrepresentative sample of 22 firms and no data on the poten-tially abusive practices of large infringers. Making sweeping policy recommendations on such a thin foundation only picks sides in a manner that hurts inventors who have no in-terest in setting up manufacturing plants and threatens property rights, including the right to buy or license IP. Meanwhile, countries like China, South Korea and Taiwan take advantage of the FTC’s and U.S. Justice Department’s efforts to weaken the rights and remedies of American patent owners. These foreign governments enable their countries’ businesses’ theft of U.S. IP. How? By depriving American firms of due process, equating exclusive patent rights with ‘‘anticompetitiveness,’’ and running judicial proceedings based on predetermined out-comes favoring domestic players, rather than the rule of law. In Federalist 43, Madison explained that the right to inventions belongs to their inventors, and ‘‘the claims of individuals’’ to their IP rights ‘‘fully [coincide]’’ with the ‘‘public good.’’ The exclusive property right benefits society while inventors enjoy the fruits of their cre-ativity. It worked exceptionally well for about 200 years. But today, our property rights-centered pat-ent regime is shifting. These changes to America’s once-world-class patent system must be reversed and our course righted if we are to continue as the world leader in inven-tion and creation of new wealth. 
f 
HONORING MARCUS FAUMUI 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Marcus Faumui, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Contra Costa County in California’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our community who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. A native of Richmond, California, Mr. Faumui attended Contra Costa College and Los Medanos College, where he earned his A.S. in Fire Technology. He then graduated from the top of his academy class and joined the Rodeo-Hercules Fire Department, where he has made a tremendous impact in a short time. Mr. Faumui is one of the youngest fire-fighters at the department, but has quickly gained the respect of his peers and commu-nity with his positive attitude and willingness to contribute in any way possible. At the depart-ment, Mr. Faumui serves as the incident pho-tographer and collects evidence used in the peer review process. He also shares his expe-rience as a volunteer trainer at the Los Medanos College Fire Academy and oversees the school education programs for Rodeo and Hercules students. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Faumui for his dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor him here today. 
f 
HONORING HUGH EVANS 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Hugh Evans, whose body will soon be interred at Arlington National Cemetery. Hugh was a decorated veteran for his cour-age during the Vietnam War, receiving three Purple Hearts, a Bronze Star, and a Silver Star. After hearing his remarkable story, it’s clear why. In 1968 he led a platoon through gunfire and across a mine-filled road to pro-vide reinforcements to his fellow troops. Later that year, he was shot in each arm while di-recting artillery fire at a hidden enemy base camp amid gunfire and grenades. Hugh showed bravery in the face of danger, and a gentle, humble spirit around all who knew him. After the war, Hugh had a fulfilling career as an attorney in Spokane, finding joy in his free time outdoors and with his family and his con-stantly growing list of friends. Hugh passed away in March, and his presence is sorely missed. INTRODUCING THE STOP ARMING TERRORISTS ACT OF 2016 HON. TULSI GABBARD 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, under U.S. law it is illegal for any American to provide money or assistance to al Qaeda, ISIS or other terrorist groups. If you or I gave money, weapons or support to al-Qaeda or ISIS, we would be thrown in jail. Yet the U.S. government has been violating this law for years, quietly supporting allies and partners of al Qaeda, ISIL, Jabhat Fateh al Sham and other terrorist groups with money, weapons, and intelligence support, in their fight to overthrow the Syrian government. The CIA has also been funneling weapons and money through Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Qatar and others who provide direct and indi-rect support to groups like ISIS and al-Qaeda. This support has allowed al-Qaeda and their fellow terrorist organizations to establish strongholds throughout Syria, including in Aleppo. A recent New York Times article confirmed that ‘‘rebel groups’’ supported by the U.S. ‘‘have entered into battlefield alliances with the affiliate of al-Qaeda in Syria, formerly known as Al Nusra.’’ This alliance has rendered the phrase ‘‘moderate rebels’’ meaningless. Reports confirm that ‘‘every armed anti- Assad organization unit in those provinces [of Idlib and Aleppo] is engaged in a military structure controlled by [al-Qaeda’s] Nusra mili-tants.’’ A recent Wall Street Journal article reported that many rebel groups are ‘‘doubling down on their alliance’’ with al Nusrah. Some rebel groups are renewing their alliance, while oth-ers, like Nour al-Din al-Zinki, a former CIA- backed group and one of the largest factions in Aleppo, are joining for the first time. ‘‘The Syria Conquest Front—formerly known as the al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front—is deeply intermingled with armed opposition groups of all stripes across Syria’s battlefields.’’ The CIA has long been supporting a group called Fursan al Haqq, providing them with salaries, weapons and support, including sur-face to air missiles. This group is cooperating with and fighting alongside an al-Qaeda affili-ated group trying to overthrow the Syrian gov-ernment. The Levant Front is another so-called mod-erate umbrella group of Syrian opposition fighters. Over the past year, the United States has been working with Turkey to give this group intelligence support and other forms of military assistance. This group has joined forces with al-Qaeda’s offshoot group in Syria. This madness must end. We must stop arm-ing terrorists. The Government must end this hypocrisy and abide by the same laws that apply to its’ citizens. That is why I’ve introduced the Stop Arming Terrorists bill—legislation based on congres-sional action during the Iran-Contra affair to stop the CIA’s illegal arming of rebels in Nica-ragua. It will prohibit any Federal agency from using taxpayer dollars to provide weapons, cash, intelligence, or any support to al Qaeda, ISIS and other terrorist groups, and it will pro-hibit the government from funneling money 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.068 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1658 December 8, 2016 
and weapons through other countries who are directly or indirectly supporting terrorists. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HENRY WIRZ 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Henry Wirz as he retires after thirty- six years of service to SAFE Credit Union. As his family, friends and colleagues gather to celebrate his long list of accomplishments, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this great individual who has served and contrib-uted so much to the Sacramento Region. Graduating from the MBA program at UC Berkeley, Mr. Wirz started his career at a CPA firm before joining SAFE Credit Union, a not- for-profit, community-chartered credit union with membership open to businesses and indi-viduals. Upon joining SAFE, he quickly moved up the ranks and after five years took over the reigns as CEO, staying in that role for the last thirty-one years. Under his leadership, SAFE Credit Union has grown and flourished. Em-bracing new ideas and technologies, SAFE Credit Union is now the second largest credit union in the Sacramento Region. It started with four branches, but has since grown to twenty-one service centers across twelve Northern California counties. SAFE’s work-force has grown from 130 employees to close to 600. Over his entire career, Mr. Wirz has worked tirelessly for the more than 190,000 members of SAFE, and his efforts are a major reason why the credit union is such a pillar in our region. In addition to his work at SAFE Credit Union, Mr. Wirz is involved in many philan-thropic efforts to benefit our community. He is a champion to end homelessness, a supporter of educational programs, and an innovator of the first degree. He has inspired SAFE Credit Union members and employees to volunteer endless time to our community. Mr. Wirz is a Past Chairman of KVIE Channel 6; a Trustee of the University of California, Davis Founda-tion; a Trustee of the RCA Fund of the Sac-ramento Regional Foundation; and Chairman of the Board of Sacramento Community Foun-dation. He has served on the Twin Rivers Uni-fied School District Advisor Board, the NextEd Board, and the City Year Sacramento Board. Although he will be greatly missed from the day-to-day operations at SAFE Credit Union, Mr. Wirz will remain involved in our commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. Wirz and his family, friends and colleagues gather to celebrate his retirement, I am pleased to honor and recog-nize him for his hard work and dedication to making Sacramento a better place for all to live. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing him the best in retirement and thanking him for his contributions to the Sacramento Re-gion. IN HONOR OF THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE EAST SIXTIES NEIGHBORHOOD ASSOCIATION HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 25th anniversary of the East Sixties Neighborhood Association (ESNA). For the last quarter cen-tury, ESNA has had an extraordinary impact on the quality of life of residents of the East 60s. ESNA was founded in the summer of 1991 to ensure that residents had a say in decisions that were being made in their neighborhood. The idea for ESNA came about because of a proposal to turn a vacant lot on the corner of 63rd Street and Second Avenue owned by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to a parking lot. A parking lot would have attracted more traffic to one of New York City’s busiest intersections. Instead, the founders, Barry and Judy Schneider and Neil and Judy McLennan, were able to persuade the owner to lease the property to an alternative tenant that was more acceptable to the community. Over the last 25 years, ESNA has grown into an influential organization with a com-mitted group of community volunteers. ESNA’s catchment area includes the area from East 60th to East 69th Street from the East Side of Third Avenue to the East River, and is home to more than 35,000 New Yorkers. Today, ESNA’s many committees all work together to make the community a better place to live. ESNA volunteers help prune street trees, pro-mote recycling, remove graffiti from city prop-erty, and monitor neighborhood conditions on the streets, alerting the city to sanitation condi-tions, traffic and noise. ESNA also encourages community spirit through a number of social events and caroling during Christmas. One of ESNA’s current concerns has been the East Side Access project (ESA), which will bring the Long Island Rail Road into Grand Central Terminal. Some of the construction work related to ESA is in ESNA’s catchment area. ESNA worked with the MTA to minimize the impact on local businesses and residents. Similarly, one of the stations for the Second Avenue Subway is being built in the ESNA area, and ESNA helped alleviate construction impact while continuing to support the devel-opment of a subway that will provide much needed transportation alternatives to the area. New York is a city of neighborhoods. Local groups like ESNA make it possible for resi-dents to come together as a community and have a profound impact on the quality of life in their neighborhood. I applaud ESNA for helping to create a real feeling of community in one of New York’s most dense urban neigh-borhoods and for ensuring that community concerns are considered when decisions are being made. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 25th anniversary of ESNA and its immeasurable contributions to the East 60s and New York City at large. TRIBUTE TO BRONX LEBANON HOSPITAL—MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. DIASPORA CLINIC HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to honor the Bronx Lebanon Hos-pital—Martin Luther King, Jr. Center for their years of tireless work to improve the lives of our community, especially the African Dias-pora. Prior to the Diaspora Clinic being opened June 12, 2012, the primary care staff at the Bronx Lebanon Hospital Center and the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Health Centers found that many patients who speak minority lan-guages ended up in emergency rooms. The Diaspora Clinic at the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Health Center on 1265 Franklin Avenue, Bronx, New York was first conceptualized to break down the myriad barriers between doc-tors and immigrant patients, and it was opened specifically for the growing African im-migrant population in the Bronx. The Diaspora clinic focuses on providing culturally sensitive services, including health education, preven-tion, maternal/child health care, chronic dis-ease, dental care, and HIV counseling. Thus far, the Diaspora clinic has had more than 15,000 visits to date. The Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Health Cen-ter has staff members who speak several of the African languages and dialects and very often they act as cultural ambassadors who help bridge the trust between the Diaspora pa-tients and the medical system. The Clinic has reached out to the West African population by way of direct visits to mosques and churches; participated in their radio programs; and also organized and participated in numerous health fairs and community events because they wanted to emphasize the need for primary health care to this community. As recently as October 15, 2016, the Center hosted several Imams from Togo, Senegal, Ghana, Guinea and Gambia communities; a leading Ghanian pastor, Mr. Benjamin Boakye, the Gambian Ambassador to the United Nations, Dr. Mamadou Tangara, and more than two hun-dred and fifty adults and kids from the West African community participate in the second Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Diaspora Health Fair, and they were treated to giveaways, free screenings for blood pressure and diabetes. During the Diaspora clinic hours, the clinic has a social work assistant who is responsible for ensuring that the concrete services needs of these patients are met, and the social work assistant and the registrars also make sure that the unemployed, undocumented or tem-porary residents benefit from paying little or no cost via Charity Care. Many ‘‘Diaspora’’ pa-tients now visit the clinic regularly for appoint-ments with our Internists, but many of these patients have also been incorporated into the clinic’s regular operating hours. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring the Bronx Lebanon—Martin Luther King, Jr. Health Center for their consistently remarkable dedication to the health and wellness of our community, especially for the African community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.071 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1659 December 8, 2016 
RECOGNIZING CHARLES DUBBERLEY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Charles Stanley Dubberley, Sr. who passed away on November 27th at the age of 82. Mr. Dubberley was raised on a farm in Ala-bama, with his parents and two siblings, Ben and Beth. When he was 22 years old, he married Ju-dith Russell. Together, they raised five chil-dren, and passed on the hardworking, small town values they learned from their parents. Mr. Dubberley demonstrated these values in his commitment to civil service. Beginning in 1955, he dedicated 37 years of his life to the United States Postal Service. He moved up the ranks in the Postal Serv-ice until his hard work landed him the impor-tant position of Postmaster of Savannah. Further, Mr. Dubberley served as the Chair-man of Savannah’s Postal Credit Union. I am proud to recognize Mr. Dubberley’s life today and his dediction to our community. He will certainly be missed. 
f 
HONORING CESAR LOPEZ 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Cesar Lopez, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Napa County in California’s 5th Con-gressional District. This award is given to ex-ceptional members of our community who per-form beyond their duty as a public servant. A firefighter, paramedic and apparatus spe-cialist with the City of Napa Fire Department, Mr. Lopez was born in Mexico and became a citizen of the United States in 1988. A grad-uate of Vintage High School, Mr. Lopez con-tinued his education at Napa and Sonoma Colleges to receive his Firefighter 1 and 2 cer-tification and Emergency Medical Technician 1A certification. Mr. Lopez then received his Paramedic training at the University of Cali-fornia, Davis. In his job with the City of Napa, Mr. Lopez is known for his personal sacrifice, generosity and kindness. In addition to his service as a first responder, Mr. Lopez is active in his com-munity as an athletic coach, mentor and First Aid and CPR instructor. His willingness to put himself in danger for the safety of others and his contagious humor make Mr. Lopez a val-ued team member at the City of Napa Fire Department. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Lopez for his dedi-cation to our community’s safety. For this rea-son, it is fitting and proper that I honor him here today. HONORING RON BREWER HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of ‘‘Young’’ Ron Brewer and congratulate him on his well deserved retirement. A veteran of the airwaves for more than 40 years, Brewer’s 26-year partnership with Paul Castronovo made him one of South Florida’s most popular radio personalities. Their part-nership is ending next week after Ron starts what he is calling an ‘‘extended vacation.’’ Ron Brewer started in radio as a teenager in his hometown of Annapolis, Maryland. After a stop in Virginia, he came to South Florida and made this area his home. Paul and Young Ron’s first meeting was over dinner. Ron’s program director asked him to have dinner with Castronovo who was look-ing for a job. Pretty soon into their meal they had the entire room laughing. A partnership was born. I was fortunate enough to join them live in studio many times to discuss the news of the day or an event in my Congressional district. One of my happiest birthday memories is when the guys had Steven Van Zandt from the E-Street band call into the show to sing me Happy Birthday. While listeners got to hear Ron Brewer on the air every morning many don’t know the ul-timate family man he is off the air. Ron and his wife raised their two sons in South Florida and he spends all his free time with his family. Ron’s also been involved with many char-ities. For years he and Castronovo held a holi-day food driye that’s delivered more than 15 million pounds of food to those who needed it most. Other charities that Ron donates his time to are kids in Distress, Women in Distress, Joe Dimaggio Children’s Hospital, St. Jude’s Hos-pital and the Sylvester Cancer Center at the University of Miami. Ron Brewer will be missed by the millions who listened to him on the radio and morning radio in South Florida won’t be quite the same. Congratulations to Ron on his successful career and I wish him the best extended vaca-tion ever. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DR. JOHN C. LECHLEITER ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM ELI LILLY AND COMPANY 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. John C. Lechleiter on the occasion of his retirement. Through his te-nacious and determined leadership at Lilly’s helm and through his compassionate engage-ment with our community, Dr. Lechleiter has brought about positive growth to our Hoosier home. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congres-sional District are forever grateful for Dr. Lechleiter’s dedication to our Hoosier commu-nity. Although born in Louisville, Kentucky, Dr. Lechleiter has lived and worked in Indiana for decades. He joined Eli Lilly in 1979 as a sen-ior organic chemist in process research and development after earning his bachelor’s de-gree in chemistry from Xavier University and his master’s and doctoral degrees in organic chemistry from Harvard University. He became head of the process research and develop-ment department in 1982, and in 1984, he began serving as director of pharmaceutical product development for the Lilly Research Centre Limited in Windlesham, England. He later held roles in project management, regu-latory affairs, product development, and pharma operations. Dr. Lechleiter was named President and COO of Eli Lilly in 2005, was named CEO in 2008 and was subsequently appointed Chairman of the board in 2009. In his eight years as CEO, Dr. Lechleiter has demonstrated key strategic leadership abilities and tireless efforts to ensure the growth and success of one of Indiana’s largest employers. His outstanding leadership was not only good for Lilly and Indiana’s economy but also for the economic well-being of so many families in our community. His unwavering commitment to Lilly’s mission to make medicines that help people live longer, healthier, and lead more active lives, as well as the commitment to make significant contributions to humanity by improving global health in the 21st century, has supported the flourishing biosciences in-dustry and Indiana STEM jobs. Under Dr. Lechleiter’s leadership, Lilly has helped make Indiana a leading state, number two in the na-tion, in the life sciences exports. Since the company’s inception more than 140 years ago, Lilly has been devoted to dis-covering, developing, and improving new and better pharmaceuticals. Under Dr. Lechleiter’s leadership, Lilly continued to achieve its vision of contributing to humanity and improving modern healthcare. Headquartered in Indian-apolis, Eli Lilly and Company has had a posi-tive impact throughout the state of Indiana. The Eli Lilly and Company Foundation, cre-ated in 1968, is dedicated to improving the lives of those lacking the resources to obtain quality healthcare and strengthening education in math and science for underserved students. The Lilly Foundation has given more than $15.7 million to Indiana organizations, and Lilly employees have given more than $19.6 million to charitable organizations. Lilly does $819 million in business with over 700 Indiana vendors. Lilly employees work to create an im-pact on the world by discovering and creating life-changing medicines; improving-the under-standing and management of disease, and giving back to communities through philan-thropy and volunteerism. This philosophy of giving and commitment to the community has been canied down through management from Colonel Eli Lilly to Dr. Lechleiter. And Dr. Lechleiter’s own personal dedication to chari-table work and emphasis on sustainable giving has greatly improved our community’s long term growth and development. Under his leadership, Eli Lilly has shown progress year after year in diversity initiatives and through his insistence to make diversity of his scientific workforce a priority, Lilly climbed Diversitylnc’s Top 50 list. Lilly’s corporate phi-losophy rests on the belief that the employees are the company’s most valuable assets. In-deed Dr. Lechleiter’s dedication to this prin-ciple has made an impact through the Lilly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.075 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1660 December 8, 2016 
community, he is known for his enthusiasm to take on any problem none too small for his at-tention. His friends, his colleagues, and our community have benefited from his sincere re-gard for his employees, his hands on ap-proach to sustainable giving, and dedicated community involvement. Dr. Lechleiter’s passion for, and dedication to, the biosciences industry clearly shows in his award winning work throughout the years. In 2014, he was named as the August M. Watanabe Life Sciences Champion of the Year for his vital support as one of the original organizers of the Indiana Biosciences Re-search Institute. BioCrossroads presents the Watanabe Award annually to an individual or organization that has facilitated the develop-ment and promotion of Indiana’s life sciences. Dr. Lechleiter stated the importance of bring-ing together industry and research universities in a new, industry-led research institute that would bring entrepreneurial success as well as world-class talent to Indiana. His efforts to en-gage all sectors across the broader commu-nity have pushed Indiana forward to become a national leader in the biosciences industry. Additionally, he was awarded the inaugural Global Health Partner Award from Project HOPE in 2012, and he received the 2015 International Citizen of the Year Award from the International Center of Indianapolis, Indi-ana. John and his wife Sarah have just re-cently been named as the winner of the Great-er Indianapolis Progress Committee’s 2016 Charles L. Whistler Award. This annual award recognizes individuals who, outside the regular duties of their chosen professions have brought together the public and private sectors for civic improvement in Indianapolis. This award recognizes the great commitment John and Sarah have made to early childhood edu-cation and their dedication to helping the ad-vancement of our young people through early education. He has received Honorary Doctor-ates from Marian University, the University of Indianapolis, the National University of Ireland, Indiana University, Franklin College, and Pur-due University. In addition to his work at Lilly, Dr. Lechleiter is also a member of multiple boards and coun-cils. Dr. Lechleiter is a member of the Amer-ican Chemical Society and Business Round-table. He is chairman of the U.S.—Japan Business Council, United Way Worldwide, and the United Way of Central Indiana, the Central Indiana Community Foundation, the Indianap-olis Symphony Orchestra, and the Indiana Repertory Theater. He also serves on the boards of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, PhRMA, the Chem-ical Heritage Foundation, the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership, Nike, Inc., and Ford Motor Company. During his time at Lilly, Dr. Lechleiter upheld and expanded Lilly’s devotion to producing high-quality pharmaceuticals and giving back to the community. Lilly employs more than 11,000 people in the state of Indiana and more than 42,000 people across the globe. Lilly medicines serve countless doctors and more importantly patients around the world. Through Dr Lechleiter’s guidance and resolute leadership, great good has been done for the people of Indiana and the larger world. On be-half of the citizens of Indiana’s Fifth Congres-sional District, I would like to congratulate Dr. Lechleiter on his outstanding career at Eli Lilly and Company and wish all the best to him and his wife Sarah and their children Andrew, Dan-iel and Elizabeth and their families as they start the next exciting chapter their lives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BEN VEREEN’S FIRST ANNUAL WELLNESS THROUGH THE ARTS SACRAMENTO ESSAY AWARDS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Ben Vereen’s First Annual Wellness through the Arts Sacramento Essay Awards at California State University, Sac-ramento on April 30th, 2016. The evening gathering is the inaugural event for Ben Vereen’s new Sacramento chapter of Wellness through the Arts. Mr. Vereen created Wellness through the Arts for young people who are struggling with B.O.L.D. (Bullying, Obesity, Low Self-Esteem, and Diabetes), in-viting them to embrace the performing arts as a means to a healthier lifestyle. It is a great pleasure to welcome Ben Vereen and his program, Wellness through the Arts, to Sacramento. Ben Vereen is not only a legend and idol for many in the performing arts world, but he continues to use his plat-form to give back to communities in big ways. Bringing Wellness through the Arts to Sac-ramento will empower our region’s students through art and positively impact them for the rest of their lives, no matter what they choose to do in life. Art enriches our lives in so many ways and Ben Vereen is making sure that stu-dents in Sacramento have greater access to those incredible benefits that art can have on our overall health and wellbeing. As part of Wellness through the Arts, stu-dents from local high schools have taken part in an essay competition titled ‘‘My Best Day,’’ about how the arts have helped them address health issues. I am excited about the accom-plishments of each of the finalists of this com-petition: Alanna Serrato and Dylan Curry from C.K. McClatchy High School, Brendan Orellana, Danniel Urena, Darius Wilson, Dylan Achermann, Joseph Weldon, and Kate Brugger from Natomas Charter School, and Brian Thao and Joseph Gonsolis from Luther Burbank High School. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate the students on their success in the competi-tion and to welcome Ben Vereen’s outstanding organization to our community. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring the hard work of these students and Ben Vereen and his program that promotes healthier lifestyles for students by empowering them through per-formance and art. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LEONARD MAR-TIN ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE CITY OF CARROLLTON, TEXAS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Leonard Martin, City Manager of the City of Carrollton, on his upcoming re-tirement after 15 years of outstanding service. Leonard Martin has worked in city manage-ment for over four decades, serving in six cit-ies, across four states. He began his career as a management analyst in Wichita Falls, be-fore moving on to positions in Arkansas, Mis-souri, and Oklahoma. Over time, he has earned a reputation among his peers and council members as a leader and an innovator with a sincere commitment to good govern-ment. Leonard was appointed City Manager of Carrollton in August 2001. From the begin-ning, he fostered a culture of managed com-petition. Dedicated to improving the quality of life for residents, he worked with local leaders and community members to set ambitious goals and cut waste, challenging city depart-ments to find more efficient ways to serve the people of Carrollton. His sustained commitment to high quality and affordable services led to incredible growth in the city over the past 15 years, in-cluding the expansion of the Dallas Area Rapid Transport system in Carrollton and the establishment of a multi-jurisdictional Public Safety radio system and regional dispatch center. These projects have had a tremendous impact on the lives of residents, transforming the downtown area and providing quicker emergency response times. Under Leonard’s tenure, the City of Carrollton has also developed a state-wide reputation for government transparency. Ear-lier this year, Carrollton became the first Texas municipality to receive commendation from the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts as part of the new Transparency Star pro-gram. As a direct result of Leonard’s efforts to increase accountability and openness, Carrollton has earned Transparency Stars in the areas of Traditional Finances, Economic Development, Debt Obligations, and Public Pensions—the most of any municipality in the state. Among his many achievements, Leonard has been recognized as City Manager of the Year in both Oklahoma and Missouri, and in 2014 he was awarded the William J. Pitstick Regional Excellence Award from the North Central Texas Council of Governments. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize Leonard and his many years of exceptional service to the City of Carrollton. His leadership will be greatly missed. I ask all of my distin-guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Leonard Martin on his retirement. f 
HONORING THE DELBERT DAY CANCER INSTITUTE 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the opening of the Delbert Day Cancer Institute at Phelps County Re-gional Medical Center. The nationally accredited Delbert Day Can-cer Institute will provide comprehensive cancer treatment care to residents of south central Missouri and its surrounding areas. The center will directly improve access to life saving and live extending services. I am proud to know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.078 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1661 December 8, 2016 
Missouri’s Eighth Congressional District will be home to one of the finest cancer treatment centers in the country. Doctor Delbert Day serves as a leader in biomedical research in his role as the Cura-tor’s Professor Emeritus of Ceramic Engineer-ing at the Missouri University of Science and Technology. Over the course of his impressive career, Dr. Day founded MO–Sci Corp in 1985, and introduced the glass microsphere components used for inoperable liver cancer treatments. As a leader in the advancement of radiation therapy, Dr. Day earned dozens of awards and high honors for his achievements as an incredibly successful forward thinking engineer. The Delbert Day Cancer Institute will use state of the art medical technologies, in-cluding some of the breakthroughs he devel-oped, to treat the citizens of south central Mis-souri. This week the United States Congress sent a bill to the President’s desk that will support the principles of incentivizing research to cre-ate new treatments and one day cures for rare diseases, including cancers. I was proud to support the 21st Century Cures Act because we need to unleash the ingenuity of future in-ventors so they can continue to develop pio-neering technologies so that centers like these will be able to better treat and one day cure cancer. For improving access to cancer treatments in rural Missouri it is my pleasure to recognize the Delbert Day Cancer Institute before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NELL PAYNE 
HON. SAM JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Nell Payne for her more than 16 years of service to our nation as the Director of Government Relations at the Smithsonian Institution. The Smithsonian Insti-tution that we all love and admire just wouldn’t be the same had it not been for all of the hard work that Nell has put in. Nell began her formal education with a Bachelor of Art in French Language and Lit-erature from the University of Iowa and grad-uated in 1978. After finishing her Bachelor De-gree, she went on to pursue a Doctor of Law (J.D.) from George Washington University, which she finished in 1982. Nell began her professional career working as the Staff Attorney, Counsel, and then Chief Counsel for the U.S. Senate Budget Com-mittee from May 1982—September 1987. Nell then spent October 1987—January 1990 as the Director of Government Affairs for Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. As Nell continued in her career she went on to become a Spe-cial Assistant to the President, Legislative Af-fairs for the White House from February 1990 through December 1991. After Nell had served alongside the President, she was able to move to Paris, France and serve as a Cor-porate Relations Manager for the American University of Paris. From 1994–2000 Nell served as Counsel for Verner Liipfert Bernhard McPherson & Hand. Furthermore, Nell went on to serve as Director, Office of Government Relations for the Smithsonian Institution from August 2000–present. There are three kinds of people in this world: those who make things happen; those who sit around and watch things happen; and finally those who sit and wonder what just happened. Time and time again Nell has prov-en that she is of the first category of people who go out and strive to make the world a better place and I am honored to be able to recognize her for that greatness here today. As I previously mentioned, throughout Nell’s career she has continued to shine and serve the American people graciously. I cannot ex-press my gratitude enough for all that Nell has accomplished for the Smithsonian Institution over the past 16 years or how grateful the American people should be for her diligence and excellence as the Director of Government Relations at the Smithsonian Institution. Once again, I would like to sincerely thank Nell for her vigor in service to the American people as the Director of Government Relations at the Smithsonian Institution. God bless you Nell. I salute you. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SAC-RAMENTO’S BUSINESS LEADERS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the many outstanding Sacramento business leaders who are tonight’s honorees at the Sacramento Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce’s 121st annual dinner and busi-ness awards ceremony. Those being honored at tonight’s event are dedicated to the success of the Sacramento region and have worked tirelessly to advance its economic vitality. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring these fine Sacramentans. Martha Clark Lofgren, Partner and Co- founder of Brewer Lofgren, LLP, is Sacramentan of the Year. A distinguished at-torney, Ms. Lofgren specializes in public policy matters with an emphasis on government rela-tions, transportation, and land entitlement. She continually contributes her expertise and hard work to the well-being of the Sacramento re-gion. Donna Bland, President and CEO of Golden 1 Credit Union, is Businesswoman of the Year. Under Donna’s guidance, Golden 1 con-tinues to grow, to the benefit of its members and of the regional economy. Golden 1 is a large part of the Sacramento community, and we all look forward to the opening of the Gold-en 1 Center in Sacramento later this year. Bill Yee, President and CEO of Western Contract, is Businessman of the Year. Mr. Yee has led the employee-owned Western Con-tract for over three decades. Under his leader-ship, Western Contract has maintained its focus on outstanding customer service, while —finding innovative ways to adapt to the changing demands of the furniture industry. Aerojet Rocketdyne, a company that has been advancing technologies in rockets for over seventy years, is being inducted into the Centennial Business Hall of Fame. Aerojet Rocketdyne has long been a valued member of Sacramento’s regional economy, providing many high-quality jobs to my constituents and advancing our national security. Julius Clothing Company, a top-tier fashion specialty store serving the Sacramento region for over eighty years, and Frank M. Booth, Inc., which has provided contracting services in California and Nevada for over a century, are being inducted into the Business Hall of Fame. These two enterprises are certainly worthy of tonight’s honor, and have played major roles in the development of Sac-ramento’s economy over their numerous dec-ades of operation. Crocker & Crocker is one of ’Sacramento’s most successful public and consumer engage-ment firms. Its services have helped clients for over 20 years, and tonight it receives the well- deserved Small Business of the Year award. Tre Borden is this year’s Young Profes-sional of the Year. Tre has his hands in a diz-zying number of local art and place-making projects, including curating Warehouse Artist Lofts and founding a business incubator for Sacramento’s creative talent. This year’s Al Geiger Memorial Award is going to Kelly Bennett-Wofford of Sacramento Covered and Darrell Teat from Nehemiah Cor-poration of America. These two individuals carry on Mr. Geiger’s legacy by serving as role models who help inspire others to serve our community. Sacramento is a better place because of their tireless efforts. For his many philanthropic endeavors and close involvement in Sacramento’s midtown renaissance, Patrick Mulvaney, Owner and Chef of the renowned Mulvaney’s B & L res-taurant, is a most deserving recipient of to-night’s Volunteer of the Year award. Scott Hanson receives the Peter McCuen Award for Civic Entrepreneurs. Scott is senior partner and founding principal of Hanson McClain Investment Advisors, and has helped people plan for retirement for over 20 years. He is a nationally recognized investment advi-sor, author, and radio host. Finally, Sedrick Ghoston is Ambassador of the Year. A highly successful financial serv-ices representative at Mass Mutual Northern California, Sedrick’s persistent efforts help his clients reach their financial goals. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize these individuals and businesses for their con-tributions to the Sacramento region that I love. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their unwavering commitment to Sac-ramento. 
f 
HONORING THE FOUNDATON FOR SICKLE CELL RESEARCH 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Foundation for Sickle Cell Research, a comprehensive non-profit or-ganization in my district that provides a plat-form for researchers, healthcare providers, and those living with sickle cell disease. The Foundation for Sickle Cell Disease Re-search was founded by Dr. Lanetta Bronte in 2012, and on October 20, 2016, the Founda-tion held a ribbon cutting ceremony for the opening of its facility in the city of Hollywood, Florida. Currently, Florida has the highest number of individuals with Sickle Cell Disease. This dis-ease is unique in that acute treatment options rarely suffice. Instead, Sickle Cell requires a lifetime of care management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.081 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1662 December 8, 2016 
I could not be prouder of Dr. Bronte and the rest of the team at the Foundation for Sickle Cell Disease Research for taking up this im-portant work. I am proud to be an advocate for those affected by Sickle Cell Disease and I stand in solidarity with this community to edu-cate, advocate, and ultimately eliminate Sickle Cell. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ABDUL KARIM KABIA, SR. 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Abdul Karim Kabia, Sr., who was born in August of 1952 in Bo Sierra Leone, West Africa to the late Mohamed Ishmin and Fatmata Yailey Kabia. Mr. Kabia graduated from Saint Andrews secondary school in Bo Sierra Leone and at 18, his parents sent him to Europe to learn dif-ferent languages and have new, exciting life experiences. Mr. Kabia studied under a Mas-ter Chef while in Spain and became a wonder-ful cook. He could speak Italian, German, Spanish and several African dialects. After moving to the United States of Amer-ica, he received a degree in Human Services through Camden County College and began a thirty-four year career as a social worker at the Camden County Board of Social Services before he retired in 2014. During his time with the Board of Social Services, he was an active member of the Communication Workers of America Local 1084 and became a passionate political campaigner. Upon moving to the United States of Amer-ica in 1975, Mr. Kabia met Dorleen Chism and they were married on Valentine’s Day in 1976. Throughout their forty-year marriage, they had two children, Fatinata Yailey Kabia and Abdul Karim Kabia, II. He was a proud grandfather to Fyar Ishmirr Kabia. In addition to his family, he was a mentor, surrogate father and uncle to many individuals who he encountered throughout his life’s jour-ney, providing them advice and support and showing them kindness and love. Mr. Kabia was a devoted family man who will be remembered fondly and deeply missed by all who had the pleasure to have known him. His always present smile and his soulful laughter will be impossible to forget. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Kabia was an inspiration to his family and truly exemplifies the Amer-ican Dream. I hope that you will all join me in honoring his memory here today. 
f 
A CELEBRATION OF LIFE ANNIE GRAY HICKS 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I would like to include the following: 
Annie Mae Hicks was born August 18, 1935 in Culpeper, Virginia to the late William Festus Gray, Sr. and Laura Mae (Scott) Gray. She was the eldest of 6 children, Wil-liam Jr. Regina, Claudine, Hattie and Lil-lian. Ann, as she preferred to be called, spent her formative years on her parents’ farm where they raised livestock and grew vegeta-bles, The Gray family was a loving family and her father believed in working hard. The Gray children all had chores, but Ann had a deep love for learning and would often be found doing homework or reading a book. Her siblings said she loved school so much that if she missed a day she would cry. At the young age of 16 she graduated from George Washington Carver High School and was offered a scholarship to Virginia Union College. Ann decided to attend college in Rochester, NY where she had a cousin named Regina Alexander. She was accepted at Brockport State College and worked as an el-evator operator at a local department store while she attended college. Her bus ride to Brockport and back was an hour each way. Soon after arriving in Rochester she joined Mt. Olivet Baptist Church and she became active in the young adult fellowship pro-gram. It is there that she met a young man named Harry A.D. Hicks. At the time, Harry had already served in the Air Force and was working on his Bachelor’s Degree at Roch-ester Institute of Technology. During this period, Harry learned about Ann’s gift of gab and her ability to do homework at the same time. After graduating from Brockport State with a degree in Elementary Education, Ann became a teacher. But, she found that teach-ing was not her calling. She later became a Social Worker and worked for 28 years at Monroe County Department of Social Serv-ices, retiring in 1987. Ann worked hard and took her job seriously. She knew that there were individuals and families that needed to be connected to critical resources in the community. As a Social Worker, she traveled all over Monroe County meeting with families. In November 1975 she was one of the initial 19 members of a class action law suit against Monroe County Social Services for not hir-ing and promoting minorities in supervisory positions. Ann and countless others paved the way for those that followed them to be promoted into senior level positions. After retiring, Ann and Doug, as she affec-tionately called him, were able to travel to Italy, France, and England They also en-joyed traveling to Washington, DC and Flor-ida to spend the winter with their daughter and family. Ann and Doug enjoyed a mar-riage 491⁄2years. Ann, surrounded by family left to be with her beloved Doug on November 14, 2016, She is survived by her sons Kevin and Keith Hicks, Rochester, NY; her daughter Santhea Hicks Brown; (Honorable Alvin Brown), Flor-ida two grandsons, Joshua Andrew and Jor-dan Latham Brown, her siblings William Gray, jr. (Alice), Regina Grayson (Ed), Claudine Cottom (Jim), Hattie Hicks (Don), and Lillian Jones (Irving); nieces, nephews and extended family, church family and many friends. Ann will be remembered as a loving wife, mother, grandmother and a child of God. f 
HONORING USAID AND THE RE-CONSTRUCTION OF HAITI’S NA-TIONAL CAMPUS OF HEALTH AND SCIENCES 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, from the 24th District of the great state of Florida, I rise to recognize the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and the design-build team for their efforts to recon-struct the National Campus of Health and Sciences of Haiti. As the proud Congressional Representative for one of the largest populations of Haitian Americans in the United States, I am deeply concerned about the quality of life for Haitians here and in Haiti. I am beaming with pride and honored to commemorate the great works that are being undertaken by USAID and others to improve living conditions in Haiti. The National Campus of Health and Sciences of Haiti was developed by USAID as a part of Haiti’s recovery following the dev-astating 2010 earthquake. The catastrophic earthquake caused widespread death and de-struction, and destroyed the original National Medical University and National School of Nursing where the majority of Haiti’s doctors and nurses were trained. The National Campus of Health and Sciences was originally built in 1862. The loss of the two important learning institutions had a major impact on the delivery of medical care in Haiti and their replacement was critical to the country’s recovery. The new facility is set to produce approximately 1,500 doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and other health practi-tioners over the next 10 years. The collaboration, of the design-build team was remarkable and worthy of recognition. The team was led by Tseng Consulting Group, under the leadership of George S. Tseng, PhD, PE, and included Mr. Eric Accime, Mr. Jene C. Thomas, Mission Director of USAID- Haiti, Mr. Manish Kumar, PE, of USAID, Dr. Jean-Claude Cadet, Dean of the National Campus of Health and Sciences, and many other USAID key personnel. The reconstruction of the National Campus of Health and Sciences was based upon the best practices of design-build and delivery techniques as developed and promoted by the Design-Build Institute of America (DBIA). Jane H. Hsiao, PhD, Dr. Tseng, and Mr. Accime also provided significant financial contributions to the National Campus for Health and Sciences to ensure its long term maintenance and sustainability. Haiti has provided the world with learned scholars, renowned and acclaimed artists, and some of the most delectable cuisine. I am ex-cited about the new contributions that Haitians will be able to make to the world through the reconstructed National Campus of Health and Sciences. Mr. Speaker, I urge you, my colleagues in Congress, and all Americans to please join me in recognizing USAID and the design-build team for their commitment, dedication, and ex-cellence in the reconstruction of the National Campus of Health and Sciences of Haiti. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, December 5, 2016, I was unable to vote due to prior commitments. Had I been present on the House floor, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 601, final passage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.084 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1663 December 8, 2016 
of H.R. 5015, the Combat-Injured Veterans Tax Fairness Act. I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 602, H.R. 6427, the Creating Fi-nancial Prosperity for Businesses and Inves-tors Act, and ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 603, S. 1635, Department of State Authorities Act, Fis-cal Year 2017. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT BRENTON GARRICK 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant Brenton Garrick, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Solano County in California’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our community who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. Sergeant Garrick is a 25 year Veteran of the Vallejo Police Department, and was appointed to be the community engagement officer last year. His work is instrumental to the Vallejo Police Department’s successful community po-licing efforts, demonstrating extreme care and decisive leadership when appropriate. As a community engagement officer, Ser-geant Garrick has made communication with the residents of Vallejo a top priority for the department. He regularly meets with students and parents at schools, staffs events such as Late Night Basketball, and hosts Coffee with the Cops and the annual Department open house. His work helps Vallejo Police officers connect with the people they work for and builds trust between law enforcement and citi-zens in our community. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sergeant Garrick for his dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor him here today. 
f 
THWARTING GOVERNMENT WASTE AND REPRIORITIZING AMERICAN TAXPAYER DOLLARS 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the concerning $125 billion in bu-reaucratic waste brought to light by the Wash-ington Post this week. This article came on the heels of two major votes last week in the House of Representa-tives: an additional $4.8 billion in funding to the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and the authorization of $611.2 billion for the Depart-ment of Defense. Considering these measures back-to-back leads me to put them in context with each other. On the one hand, Congress has allocated hundreds of billions of dollars to fund a military that is larger than the next seven country’s combined, including China, Saudi Arabia, Rus-sia, the United Kingdom, India, France, and Japan. On the other hand, we are providing a helpful, but relatively minute, sum of money to increase lifesaving medical research, educate our nation’s youth, and support our first re-sponders. To then discover that the Pentagon has identified at least $125 billion in waste further underscores our nation’s misguided priorities. If just ten percent of the self-identified waste were redirected to the NIH, new cures could be found and lives could be saved. In this year’s Defense Authorization, $1.5 billion is spent to upgrade an aircraft carrier that the U.S. Navy had asked to retire. Why not reprioritize that money to improve veterans’ healthcare or expand access to education? This gratuitous spending must stop. The American taxpayer deserves to know that their hard-earned dollars are going toward pro-moting American values and being reinvested in their wellbeing. It’s not just the programs that I highlight that deserve a higher priority— it’s Medicare and Medicaid, it’s Social Secu-rity, it’s social safety net programs—the list goes on and on. Until we press the Pentagon to undergo a rigorous audit, I cannot and will not support bloated spending at the Defense Department. The American people deserve more transparency and accountability. Dwight D. Eisenhower shared my fears and concerns. Our 34th President, a five-star gen-eral in the United States Army during World War II, and Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Forces in Europe once said, ‘‘[i]n the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO GALEN ZUMBACH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Galen Zumbach of Creston, Iowa, for being inducted into the Creston High School Hall of Fame. Galen came to Creston High School in 1977 as the agriculture education instructor and Fu-ture Farmers of America advisor. He taught at Creston High School for 33 years. Under his direction, Creston FFA students participated in more than 100 activities each year. The local FFA chapter has been considered one of the nation’s best throughout Galen’s teaching ca-reer and has been named Iowa Supreme Chapter 13 times. During his tenure, Creston High School FFA was the only chapter in the nation to win five National Chapter Award competitions. Over his 33 year career at Creston High School, Galen stood on the stage as 209 stu-dents received their State FFA degrees, with 56 earning American FFA degrees. Under his leadership, 22 members held offices at the state or national level of FFA. Even with such success, Galen’s dedication to his students didn’t stop at FFA—he also coached high school football during a majority of his time at the school. Mr. Speaker, I commend Galen for this out-standing achievements and his unwavering commitment to improving the lives of his stu-dents. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Galen and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO LINDA M
CMAHON 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on Wednesday, President-elect Donald Trump selected Linda McMahon of Greenwich, Connecticut, to head the Small Business Ad-ministration where she will continue to make a difference with vision to create opportunities and jobs. President-elect Trump announced, ‘‘Linda has a tremendous background and is widely recognized as one of the country’s top female executives advising businesses around the world . . . Linda is going to be a phenomenal leader and champion for small businesses and unleash America’s entrepreneurial spirit across the country.’’ The Hartford Courant reported, ‘‘The mother of two and grandmother of six, McMahon is a fiscally conservative Republican who em-braces the party’s small-government ethos. In her two runs for Senate, she campaigned on a promise to bring fresh energy, a business-woman’s savvy and an outsider’s common- sense approach to Washington.’’ I believe that Linda McMahon will be a pas-sionate advocate for small businesses and fur-ther facilitate a climate of job creation in this country. I look forward to working with Ms. McMahon to create jobs and expand oppor-tunity for all Americans. The citizens of Con-necticut are being recognized for their entre-preneurial expertise. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER LUIS PANIAGUA 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Luis Paniagua, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Napa County in Califor-nia’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our commu-nity who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. A native of Santa Rosa, California, Officer Paniagua graduated from Santa Rosa Junior College with an Associate’s Degree in Admin-istrative Justice before joining the Calistoga Police Department. Additionally, Officer Paniagua works with third grade students through the Read Aloud Partners program. Officer Paniagua showed outstanding lead-ership and bravery during a robbery incident this year. Despite his relatively short tenure, Officer Paniagua reacted quickly and bravely to stop two armed suspects from fleeing the robbery of an armored car. He even managed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.088 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1664 December 8, 2016 
to arrest one of the men without drawing his weapon, and the other suspect was appre-hended shortly thereafter. Officer Paniagua’s quick thinking under pressure helped the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Office arrest the two suspects, and his example of bravery and de-cisiveness should inspire all of our public serv-ants. Mr. Speaker, I thank Officer Paniagua for his dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor him here today. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately I missed a vote during a vote series on September 28, 2016. Had my vote been recorded for Roll Call 572, final passage on H.R. 5303, the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, I would have voted Yes. TRIBUTE TO THE MOUNT HOPE MOSQUE—ISLAMIC SUNNA WAI JAMAA HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to honor the Mt. Hope Mosque for their many years of selfless and compas-sionate service to all of our community’s resi-dents. The masjid was founded by a group of Guy-anese Muslims led by Imam Shameem Ali on the Grand Concourse in the early part of the 1980s. It was the second such institution in the whole of the Bronx. Due to the need for a larger space in 1985 it was moved to its present location, 24 Mount Hope Place. Once at its present location, a residential area, it drew the attention of Muslims in the neighbor-hood who had no place to go for prayers. In the spirit of the unity of Islam, the doors of the masjid were opened to all, including non-Mus-lims. In doing so, the ethnicity of the members became so diverse that it was dubbed—The United Nations Mosque. The Ameer or leader of the masjid, Mr. Abdallah Cromwell is a Trinidadian, who runs the ‘‘His People Halal Restaurant’’ down the block from the masjid. The first imam of the masjid is Imam Shameem Ali from Guyana, who recently retired and passed his mantle to his young and energetic deputy, Imam Issah Lamin Yusif, who is from Ghana. Imam lssah Lamin Yusif’s deputy is Imam Hameed Fofana from the Gambia. Imam lssah and his depu-ties lead the congregants in their daily prayers and also run a daily after-school and weekend programs to educate children of the congrega-tion in religious knowledge. The mosque has a Boys’ and Cubs’ Scout Troop, who have been invited to many places in the city and the state. Recently, they were invited to recite the Pledge of Allegiance and the Scouts’ Creed at the last general meeting of the New York State leadership committee. There are programs to educate the congregants on good citizenship and civic re-sponsibilities. Every Friday after congrega-tional prayers there is enough food for all. During the holy month of Ramadan there is enough food for everyone who comes to break their fast. From 1989 until 2000 the mosque ran a food pantry for the neighborhood’s needy. Another uniqueness of this masjid is its plu-rality of ethnicities. Its congregants are from-— Asia, Europe, Africa, and the Americas. Mount Hope Masjid was founded to serve the reli-gious and social needs of some Guyanese, but it grew to serve a diverse group of people with the same needs. It still serves the same purpose and it will continue to do so for a long time, lnsha-Allah. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring the Mt. Hope Mosque for their con-sistently remarkable dedication to public serv-ice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.093 E08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1113 Thursday, December 8, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6849–S6929 Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills were intro-duced, as follows: S. 3520–3536.
              Pages S6922–23 
Measures Reported: S. 2852, to expand the Government’s use and ad-ministration of data to facilitate transparency, effec-tive governance, and innovation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–396) 
                                                                                            Page S6922 
Conference Reports: National Defense Authorization Act: By 92 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. 159), Senate agreed to the con-ference report to accompany S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                      Pages S6862–73 
House Messages: Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2028, mak-ing appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S6882 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                                                                                   Page S6882 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 5139, to change the enactment date.
                                  Page S6882 McConnell Amendment No. 5140 (to Amend-ment No. 5139), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S6882 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropria-tions, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 5141, to change the enactment date.
              Page S6882 
McConnell Amendment No. 5142 (the instruc-tions (Amendment No. 5141) of the motion to refer), of a perfecting nature.
                               Page S6882 
McConnell Amendment No. 5143 (to Amend-ment No. 5142), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S6882 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Saturday, December 10, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S6882 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the message of the House to accompany the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Friday, December 9, 2016.
                Page S6929 
George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the amendment of the House to S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S6882–83 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill.
                                              Page S6882 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 5144, to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                    Pages S6882–83 
McConnell Amendment No. 5145 (to Amend-ment No. 5144), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S6883 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08DE6.REC D08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1114 December 8, 2016 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 5146, to change the enactment date.
                                                                                  Page S6883 
McConnell Amendment No. 5147 (the instruc-tions (Amendment No. 5146) of the motion to refer), of a perfecting nature.
                               Page S6883 
McConnell Amendment No. 5148 (to Amend-ment No. 5147), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S6883 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the message of the House on S. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.
                                                                       Page S6882 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a social security totalization agreement with Brazil, titled ‘‘Agree-ment on Social Security between the United States of America and the Federative Republic of Brazil,’’ and a related agreement titled ‘‘Administrative Ar-rangement between the Competent Authorities of the United States of America between the Com-petent Authorities of the United States of America and the Federative Republic of Brazil for the Imple-mentation of the Agreement on Social Security’’; which was referred to the Committee on Finance. (PM–58)
                                                                 Pages S6919–20 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S6920–21 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6921 Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6921 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6921–22 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6923–24 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6924–27 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6916–19 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6927–28 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6928 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6928 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—159)
                                                        Pages S6872–73 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:41 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Friday, De-cember 9, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6929.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
STATE DEPARTMENT AND USAID MANAGEMENT Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Management, International Operations, and Bilateral International Development concluded a hearing to examine State Department and United States Agency for International Develop-ment management challenges and opportunities for the next administration, after receiving testimony from Steve A. Linick, Inspector General for the De-partment of State and the Broadcasting Board of Governors; and Ann Calvaresi Barr, Inspector Gen-eral, United States Agency for International Develop-ment. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 50 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6476–6525; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 183; and H. Res. 951–955, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H7567–69 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H7571 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5253, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve visa security, visa applicant vetting, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–850, Part 1); H.R. 3094, to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act to transfer to States the authority to manage red snapper fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–851); H.R. 5003, to reauthorize child nutrition pro-grams, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–852, Part 1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08DE6.REC D08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1115 December 8, 2016 
H.R. 5033, to improve the Governmentwide management of unnecessarily duplicative Govern-ment programs and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–853); H.R. 1738, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to modernize and implement the national integrated public alert and warning system to disseminate homeland security information and other informa-tion, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–854, Part 1); H.R. 4383, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to enhance Department of Homeland Secu-rity coordination on how to identify and record in-formation regarding individuals suspected or con-victed of human trafficking, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–855, Part 1); H.R. 3062, to prohibit the use of eminent domain in carrying out certain projects (H. Rept. 114–856, Part 1); H.R. 4579, to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–857, Part 1); H.R. 5714, to restore the financial solvency and improve the governance of the United States Postal Service in order to ensure the efficient and affordable nationwide delivery of mail, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–858, Part 1); H.R. 5707, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for certain index fund investments from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–859, Part 1); H.R. 6008, to provide transit benefits to Federal employees who use the services of transportation net-work companies within the national capital region, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–860, Part 1); H.R. 5204, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–861, Part 1); H.R. 4220, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–862); and H.R. 5879, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from ad-vanced nuclear power facilities, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–863).
                                        Pages H7566–67 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H7401, H7527 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Wednesday, Decem-ber 7th: Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016: H.R. 4919, amended, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering charac-teristics of some children with autism, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 346 yeas to 66 nays, Roll No. 619. 
                                                                                            Page H7412 
Ensuring funding for the National Human Traf-ficking Hotline: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 2974, to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline. 
                                                                                            Page H7412 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to recommit on S. 612 may be subject to post-ponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                    Pages H7412–13 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: Pursuant to H. Res. 949, the House concurred in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–70, modified by the amend-ment printed in H. Rept. 114–849, by a yea-and- nay vote of 326 yeas to 96 nays, Roll No. 620. 
                                                                             Pages H7498–H7526 
H. Res. 949, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2028) and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 612) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 618, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 617.
                                Pages H7403–11 
Designating the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Fed-eral Building and United States Courthouse’’: The House passed S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08DE6.REC D08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1116 December 8, 2016 
‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, by a recorded vote of 360 ayes to 61 noes, Roll No. 622.
         Pages H7413–98, H7526–27 
Rejected the Doyle motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 184 yeas to 236 nays, Roll No. 621. 
                                                                      Pages H7497–98, H7526 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–69 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H7413 
H. Res. 949, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2028) and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 612) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 618, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 617.
                                Pages H7403–11 
Directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of S. 612: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 183, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of S. 612.
                                                                       Page H7527 
Inspector General Empowerment Act of 2016: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6450, as amended by Representative Chaffetz, to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspec-tors General.
                                                         Pages H7527–31 
Federal Property Management Reform Act of 2016: The House agreed to discharge from com-mittee and pass H.R. 6451, to improve the Govern-ment-wide management of Federal property. 
                                                                                    Pages H7531–33 
Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6452, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fish-eries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, and to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean.
                                        Pages H7533–40 
Authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Intel-ligence Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6480, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Intelligence Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System.                                                                                     Pages H7540–50 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Monday, December 12th.
         Page H7551 
Commission on International Religious Free-dom—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom for a term ending May 14, 2018: Dr. Tenzin Dorjee, Fullerton, CA, to suc-ceed Ms. Hannah Rosenthal.
                               Page H7551 
National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment, upon rec-ommendation of the Majority Leader, of the fol-lowing individual on the part of the House to the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Qual-ity and Integrity to fill the existing vacancy thereon: Mr. Brian Jones, Washington, DC.
                 Page H7551 
Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Commission: Ms. Stacey Plaskett, United States Virgin Islands. 
                                                                                            Page H7551 
Amending chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sov-ereignty immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass H.R. 6477, to amend chap-ter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereignty immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title.
           Pages H7551–52 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted an Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and Brazil—referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–186). 
                                                                                            Page H7564 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H7561. Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7410–11, H7411, H7412, H7525–26, H7526, and H7527. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 4:40 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08DE6.REC D08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1117 December 8, 2016 
Committee Meetings 
OVERSIGHT REVIEW OF THE U.S. NAVY’S LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Review of the U.S. Navy’s Littoral Com-bat Ship (LCS) Program’’. Testimony was heard from Sean Stackley, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition, Depart-ment of the Navy; Vice Admiral Thomas Rowden, U.S. Navy, Commander, Naval Surface Forces; J. Mi-chael Gilmore, Director, Operational Test and Eval-uation, Department of Defense; Michele Mackin, Di-rector, Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Gov-ernment Accountability Office; and Ron O’Rourke, Specialist in Naval Affairs, Congressional Research Service. MIXED MARTIAL ARTS: ISSUES AND PERSPECTIVES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Mixed Martial Arts: Issues and Perspec-tives’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Denham and public witnesses. THE IMPACT OF REGULATIONS ON SHORT- TERM FINANCING Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets and Government-Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Regulations on Short-Term Financing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. DATA ACT IMPLEMENTATION CHECK-IN Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘DATA Act Implementation Check-In’’. Testimony was heard from Paula Rascona, Director, Financial Management and Assurance, Government Accountability Office; David Mader, Controller, Of-fice of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget; David A. Lebryk, Fiscal Assistant Secretary, Department of the Treasury; Courtney Timberlake, Deputy Chief Financial Offi-cer, Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment; and Timothy E. Gribben, Chief Financial Of-ficer and Associate Administrator for Performance Management, Small Business Administration. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08DE6.REC D08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1118 December 8, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Friday, December 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will continue consideration of the message of the House to accompany H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act (the legislative vehicle for the con-tinuing resolution). Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 3 p.m., Monday, December 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 3 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E1642 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1653 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1664 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1659 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E1654, E1662 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1638 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1648, E1651 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1650 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1645, E1652, E1659 Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E1646 Chabot, Steve, Ohio, E1643 Chu, Judy, Calif, E1662 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1645 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1641 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1644, E1655 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1637 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1639 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1641, E1650 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1663 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1649 Gabbard, Tulsi, Hawaii, E1657 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1638, E1638 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E1639, E1645, E1651 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E1637 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E1649 Hill, J. French, Ark., E1636 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1636 Hurt, Robert, Va., E1638 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1648 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E1647 Johnson, Sam, Tex., E1661 Jolly, David W., Fla., E1650 Jordan, Jim, Ohio, E1644 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1641 Katko, John, N.Y., E1637 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1652 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1644 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1647, E1649 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1655, E1658 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1649, E1660 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1640, E1656, E1658, E1660, E1661 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1649, E1657 Mica, John L., Fla., E1647 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1648 Moolenaar, John R., Mich., E1644, E1648, E1651 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1646, E1651 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E1652, E1662 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1635 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1653 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1656 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E1656 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1642, E1642 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E1635 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1637 Scott, Austin, Ga., E1644 Serrano, Jose´E., N.Y., E1640, E1651, E1653, E1658, E1664 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1639, E1639 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1637 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1638 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1660 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E1652 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1642, E1646, E1652, E1657, E1659, E1663, E1663 Titus, Dina, Nev., E1636 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E1640 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1641 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1635 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1643, E1646 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E1659, E1661 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1636 Welch, Peter, Vt., E1638 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E1647 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E1662 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1639, E1643, E1663 Young, David, Iowa, E1663 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 09, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08DE6.REC D08DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST