Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1119 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2016 No. 35 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, thank You for giving us another day. Give us the resolve to bring an end to hunger in our world. Quicken our spirits so that we will know the blessings of living together in unity and peace. We all have our per-sonal aspirations and ideas of what is best. Grant that we might know the satisfaction of sharing our common concerns and experience the joy of mu-tual accomplishment. Bless the Members of the people’s House with success in bringing fruition to all efforts to work toward common solutions to the issues facing our Na-tion, solutions which often seem so dis-tant. During the days of the coming week, may the American people be able to communicate their hopes for the ef-forts of their Congressmen and -women. May they understand as well that a unified Nation is equally the work of each of us where we live. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WELCH led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
KLAMATH DAM REMOVAL SECRET MEETINGS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, a gov-ernment for, by, and of the people can-not hold its most basic deliberations in secret. I am not talking about matters of national security, but basic, every-day government deliberations. Yet the Department of the Interior, the State of California, and the State of Oregon are meeting with select groups in private in places like Port-land, Sacramento, and even proposed San Francisco, to make public policy decisions affecting my district in the north end of California and south Or-egon without public or legislative input. In order to be invited to join these meetings, individuals are re-quired to sign confidentiality agree-ments and agree to a predetermined outcome. The issues involving the Klamath River water and possible removal of the hydroelectric dams are indeed of concern to the public. The decisions re-garding whether these dams should be removed and what water and environ-mental policy should govern the region are fundamentally a public policy deci-sion. The deliberations should be made in public and free for all to be involved, yet long-distance locations an hour or a full day’s drive away don’t make that possible, especially when they are held in secret. These secret meetings have been hap-pening for years, and they are wrong. The agencies of the government are meeting in secret to create a 501(c)(3) dam removal entity called the Klam-ath River Renewal Corporation. This new corporation will be the recipient of taxpayer and utility rate dollars. These meetings need to be held in public where the people can meet and hear what they are planning to do. f 
TRUTH IN LABELING (Mr. WELCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, this is pure Vermont maple syrup made at a family farm, Maverick Farm, by friends and neighbors Arthur and Anne Berndt. People love it. Sugar makers from Maine to Michigan, it is a labor of love and real additional income in small farm economies. Big companies have figured that out. They know that consumers love maple syrup. But instead of buying maple syrup from those farmers, they provide fake labels to mislead consumers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.000 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1120 March 3, 2016 
These are some of the biggest compa-nies in the world. Take a look at some of these compa-nies and the products that they claim have maple in them. Quaker, Kellogg’s, Hood, Bakery on Main. They say they have maple, but there is not a trace of maple in it. The ingredients include rice syrup, artificial flavor, caramel color, gelatin, molasses. That is not maple syrup. We who represent farmers producing maple syrup are writing the FDA tell-ing them to have truth in labeling. Let’s have real syrup, not fake labels. 
f 
VERA HOUSE WHITE RIBBON CAMPAIGN (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about an important issue that faces our society: domestic violence and sexual abuse. Violence against women is a worldwide but underexamined problem. Sadly, we are still far from a world where women are free from the threat of harassment, battering, and sexual assault. Consider some of these statistics: ac-cording to the FBI, a woman is bat-tered every 15 seconds; 2 to 4 million American women are abused each year; up to 50 percent of homeless women and children in this country are fleeing domestic violence. Our country has a moral obligation to stand up against those who exploit their power to commit violence against women and children. In an effort to raise awareness and put an end to domestic violence and sexual abuse, the Vera House in Syra-cuse will be kicking off the White Rib-bon Campaign. This campaign is one of the largest efforts in the world to pre-vent and end domestic violence and sexual assault. The campaign will begin Friday, March 4, and run through March 31. During this month, thousands of my constituents in central New York will be wearing a white ribbon or white wristband to raise awareness about do-mestic violence and sexual abuse. Wearing the white ribbon demonstrates a personal pledge to never commit, condone, or remain silent about vio-lence against women or children. I encourage my colleagues to join me in this effort. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RIVERSIDE CITY COLLEGE ON THEIR CEN-TENNIAL (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of Riverside City College, one of the old-est and most respected community col-leges in California. Since 1916, RCC has provided thousands of students with an engaging and affordable educational experience that prepares them for suc-cessful careers. The college boasts of many great alumni who have gone on to lead re-markable lives, but the one I admire most is my father. He attended RCC to build up credits for a degree in business administration, and with that degree he was able to earn a good-paying job that secured my family’s place in the middle class. I was honored to serve on RCC’s board of trustees for 22 years, and I take pride in what the school continues to do for thousands of students every year. Congratulations to Riverside City College on your centennial. Thank you for the incredible impact you have had on our community. f 
SPECIAL OLYMPICS STATE FLOOR HOCKEY TOURNAMENT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the 10th anniversary of the Pennsyl-vania State Floor Hockey Tournament at Bald Eagle High School, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. This Special Olympics tour-nament is scheduled for this Saturday and Sunday. Each year more than 300 Special Olympians and more than 100 coaches from across Pennsylvania compete in this event, which includes teams from a large number of the Commonwealth’s counties. I congratulate the athletes partici-pating in this week’s tournament in advance for their hard work and perse-verance, rising above the challenges to excel in athletics. I look forward to seeing them in person at Bald Eagle High School this weekend. I also commend Special Olympics of Pennsylvania for its work in planning this annual event. Mr. Speaker, the Thompson family has a special connection to these games. My younger son, Kale, who is now a music teacher, was the first stu-dent director when the floor hockey tournament moved to the Bald Eagle Area site. Along with the annual floor hockey tournament, Special Olympics holds its summer games each year at Penn State University in State College. This is a great organization which helps so many people across Pennsylvania and our Nation. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF ISABELLA GREENWAY (Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as part of Women’s History Month to recognize and celebrate the life of Isabella Greenway, the first fe-male Member of Congress from Ari-zona. Congresswoman Greenway was a trailblazer, social activist, and dedi-cated public servant. She worked tire-lessly to serve the people of Arizona and the Nation through the Great De-pression and many years after. Congresswoman Greenway was par-ticularly committed to ensuring that those who served the Nation in World War I were taken care of after they re-turned home. Following the war, she opened Arizona Hut, a furniture manu-facturer focused on employing disabled veterans and their families. During her time in Congress, she was known for her willingness to fight for the rights of veterans, including acting as a vocal defender of veterans’ pen-sions and introducing legislation to ex-pand the VA in Arizona. Congresswoman Greenway was an in-spiration for women in our State and throughout our country. She refused to be limited or defined by her gender, in-stead devoting her life to serving and protecting the most vulnerable mem-bers of our society. I hope my colleagues will join with me in honoring the lasting legacy of Isabella Greenway. f 
TEXAS LAWMAN—OFFICER DAVID HOFER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, he was a son, a brother, and a soon-to-be groom. David Hofer’s life was ripped from this world on March 1, 2 days ago, leaving behind his family and his fiancee. Officer Hofer was 29. He was from Fort Worth, Texas. He was shot and coldly murdered after a gunfire ex-change with an outlaw in a nearby park. The criminal who gunned him down was a 22-year-old drug addict who had been released from prison that very day. Officer Hofer served with the Euless, Texas, Police Department. He had been serving there for 2 years. He had pre-viously served with the NYPD for 5 years. He dedicated his life to pro-tecting the rest of us. Mr. Speaker, hundreds of blue lights from patrol cars lit the way as Officer Hofer’s body was transported from the hospital. Mr. Speaker, this is the 16th police officer killed this year. In fact, two of-ficers now have been murdered in 2 days. Mr. Speaker, we must always honor and respect and mourn the life of such valiant men and women. The thin blue line stands strong in the face of evildoers that live among us. The men and women who wear the badge are America’s best—men such as Officer David Hofer. They sacrifice their lives to keep the homefront safe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.002 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1121 March 3, 2016 
from the dregs of society, misfits, and bandits who wish to do the rest of us harm. Back the blue, Mr. Speaker. Back the blue. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
IT IS TIME TO ACT ON IMMIGRATION (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to give a little history about the efforts of the Democratic Party to secure our Southern border. We had an immigration bill last ses-sion. In that bill that passed the Sen-ate with bipartisan support—not only every Democrat, but also many Repub-licans, like J
OHN MCCAINand M ARCO  R
UBIO—we had $40 billion to secure our Southern border. Talk about a secure wall—security, making sure that ille-gal products and illegal people do not cross across that border—we had that. Thanks to the Republicans’ failure to take action in this body, the House of Representatives, and simply pass the Senate bill, there is still no security on the Southern border. There are people, illegal drugs, and illegal products sneaking across every day because this body hasn’t acted. Now, it is pie in the sky to think that some other country is going to pay for a wall to protect America. It isn’t going to happen. What we did is we actually had fines for people who were here illegally. So people who are here illegally were ac-tually the very ones who contributed money back into our coffers to help se-cure our Southern border, not to men-tion the additional economic benefit and taxes that they would pay going forward. It is time to act on immigration and secure our border. 
f 
b0915 TRIBUTE TO COACH JIM BELDEN (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a beloved member of the Hamilton County, Indi-ana, community, Jim Belden. Jim was a dedicated public servant and a devoted husband, father, and grandfather. Sadly, he passed away after a battle with cancer. He will be dearly missed by the Hoosier commu-nity, but what a legacy he left. Jim left his mark as a family man, a teacher, a U.S. Navy veteran, and a 23- year member of the Hamilton County Council, but he is best known for being one of the best football coaches in Indi-ana, an Indiana Football Hall of Fame coach. I am the daughter of a high school football coach as well. For more than 30 years, Jim coached and mentored young men in Westfield, Noblesville, and Carmel High Schools. He led Carmel High School to four State championship titles and is the 12th winningest coach in Indiana State history. I attended his memorial service just last weekend. There were hundreds of players there. I heard from those whose lives had been touched. There were those he coached who were now not quite so young, because he coached in the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, and the 2000s. I also heard from the students he taught, the assistant coaches, the fac-ulty he worked with, the community he served, and, most importantly, his family, who loved him so dearly. I offer my deepest condolences to his family, especially his wife Bev. They had just celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary. We all mourn his loss and cherish his memory. What a legacy lives on in Jim Belden. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4557, BLOCKING REGU-LATORY INTERFERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT OF 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 4, 2016, THROUGH MARCH 11, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 635 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 635 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4557) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollut-ants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recom-mit. S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from March 4, 2016, through March 11, 2016— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi). The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 635 provides for consideration of H.R. 4557, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2016. The resolution provides for a closed rule. No amendments are made in order, as none were filed with the Rules Committee. Additionally, the rule also provides for standard adjourn-ment authority. H.R. 4557 is an important piece of leg-islation. It is a bipartisan bill that ad-dresses an unfortunate recurring theme: overreach by the EPA that takes jobs away from hardworking Americans. Last September the EPA finalized the National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Brick and Structural Clay Products and Clay Ce-ramics, commonly known as Brick MACT. Only in the Federal Govern-ment would we string that many words together and think it makes sense. In that rule, the EPA set stringent standards for brick industry emissions of mercury and nonmercury pollutants as well as health-based standards for acid gases. EPA previously promulgated Brick MACT standards in 2003. That rule was vacated by a Federal court in 2007, but, by that time, many brick manufactur-ers had already spent millions of dol-lars in irreversible compliance costs. Now, let’s be clear. Those aren’t just costs that are borne by those busi-nesses. Those get passed along to the American consumers, raising the price of brick to each and every one of us. The brick industry faces again the uncertainty of having to spend millions of dollars to comply with revised Brick MACT while the fate of the rule makes its way through the court system. Mr. Speaker, the brick industry em-ploys thousands of Americans at more than 70 brick plant and supporting fa-cilities nationwide. These facilities are located in 38 States. Alabama, my home State, is one of the top five States for brick manufacturing capac-ity and faces some of the largest job losses. Unlike other industries targeted by EPA’s overreach, the brick industry is dominated by small, family-owned businesses that have been struggling in our current economy. EPA estimates industry-wide annual compliance in Brick MACT will cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.003 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1122 March 3, 2016 
$25 million annually. The industry esti-mates that the costs may be as much as $100 million per year. For a facility with two kilns, which is the industry average, costs are estimated to be $4.4 million. Remember, those costs get passed along to us consumers in the cost of bricks. These costs will likely cause many of these small facilities to shut their doors and are, of course, over and above the millions of dollars already spent by the industry to comply with the earlier rule that was vacated by the D.C. Circuit. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4557 ensures that the brick industry will not again have to make millions of dollars in expendi-tures before Brick MACT works its way through the courts. H.R. 4557 would implement a legisla-tive stay to Brick MACT and block the rule until all related court challenges have been resolved by the Federal courts. Opponents of this bill argue that a legislative stay is unnecessary because the brick industry can request a judi-cial stay in Federal court; however, as an attorney, I can tell you that the standard to receive such a stay is in-credibly high and such stays are rarely granted. The recent case of Michigan v. EPA provides a great example of why this legislation is necessary. In that case, the Supreme Court found the EPA’s Utility MACT rule to be legally flawed and remanded the case; however, by that time, utility companies had al-ready been forced to spend billions of dollars to comply with Utility MACT. Remember, that gets passed along to the consumers in our utility bills. EPA Acting Administrator Janet McCabe stated that, although EPA lost, the Supreme Court’s decision was of limited practical effect because the majority of power plants were already in compliance or well on their way to compliance. Thus, the EPA was, in practicality, able to evade any mean-ingful judicial review, which makes a mockery of this process. The EPA should not get to do the same again to the brick industry while Brick MACT makes its way through the court system. Thousands of Amer-ican jobs should not be put at risk due to a rule which has already been va-cated once. Again, the consumers of America should not be penalized for the same reason. I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 635 and the under-lying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to the rule and the underlying bill. The Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act—certainly, a mouthful to say—is yet another of the endless list of attempts by this body— and it will not become law—to block implementation of an administrative rule or regulation that some people don’t like, rather than tackling the issues that this country cares about and that I hear from voters back home when I have townhall meetings or I am at the grocery store. I hear about fixing our broken immi-gration system and securing our bor-der. I hear about balancing the budget deficit. I hear about making sure that Medicare and Social Security are sol-vent and there for the next generation. I hear about making sure we create jobs, that housing is affordable, and that our roads and bridges are safe so traffic can flow safely and quickly. Yet, here we are again, spending an entire legislative day debating a bill that won’t become law, which you will certainly hear about over the next cou-ple of hours, regarding a series of regu-lations around brick kilns. Once again the Republicans are ap-proaching a complex rulemaking proc-ess with a knee-jerk reaction in a non-transparent process with a closed rule, not even allowing a debate for a single amendment. Not only is this bill not transparent and not necessary, in this particular case, it sets a bad precedent because the courts already have the authority to issue a stay of compliance on a final rule. As we saw through the recent delay of the Clean Power Plan, our judicial and legislative systems are separate for a reason. Let the courts do their work and let us do ours. Let us not preempt the courts from their normal process. Our judicial and legislative systems are separate. Individuals, organizations, and companies have plenty of recourse and options through the court system to address this matter. The floor of the House is not the place to be requesting a stay. If there was something done that was illegal or wrong, the place to request a stay is the courtroom. But time and time again legislation like this has come to this floor, dis-posing of the judicial process and shortcutting the justice system that we have to delay a rule until all legal challenges are completed, which effec-tively means that frivolous lawsuits can jam up the rule indefinitely and forever. Over the past 45 years, it is proven that clean air regulations are impor-tant to protect the public health and consistent with growing a strong econ-omy. Of course, I understand the pressure requirements placed on brick and clay ceramic makers. They have legitimate reasons to provide input to question or contest the rule. The judicial avenue is and will be available to them. That is the appro-priate venue to request a stay, not the floor of the House of Representatives. There are several brick and clay com-panies in my State of Colorado, such as the Summit Brick & Tile Company in Pueblo, Colorado. I know these compa-nies updated and changed their indus-try after the 2004 rule. But, unfortunately, like so many rules under the administration of George Bush, the rule is written so poorly that it was vacated by the courts in 2007, which means there is no rule under the authority of the Clean Air Act, which this Congress has made the law of the land, that sets standards for eliminating air pollution in this in-dustry. Not only is that unacceptable, but, of course, it needs to be rectified urgently. There is nothing special about brick kilns. Like anything else, of course, they affect air quality. I have a picture of what we are talking about here. Of course, like any other economic activity that creates issues regarding air quality, we need a nuanced and thoughtful rule that ensures that the economic activity continues, subject to maintaining the public health. In fact, the EPA has a responsibility under section 112 of the Clean Air Act to control pollution from stationary sources of pollution, like brick kilns. Let me repeat that. The EPA was ac-tually required by Congress to imple-ment a rule that covers this industry because, according to the judiciary, President Bush enacted the rule incor-rectly. If Congress wants to get at the under-lying statutes, let’s have that debate. Let’s talk about what the EPA should and shouldn’t do. I believe that we should close down loopholes that exempt fracking from regulation under the Clean Air Act. We have a series of bills that would do that—the BREATHE Act and the FRESHER Act—to ensure that the small site exemption does not occur, does not exist with regard to fracking activities that, in the aggregate, can have a considerable impact on air qual-ity. We have seen areas of our State and our neighboring State of Wyoming have worse air quality than downtown Los Angeles because of the extraction and fracking-related activity, which is largely exempt from the clean air law. That is the debate I would be happy to have. Let’s debate the appropriate jurisdiction of the EPA. If there is something we got wrong in that with regard to brick kilns and their author-ity or responsibility, that is the place to have the debate. b0930 It is not to give an indefinite stay to simply implement what is the law of the land and the will of Congress, which is the EPA’s responsibility. Congress has told the EPA, through the Clean Air Act, that they have the responsibility under section 112 to con-trol pollution from stationary sources of pollution. They tried to do it under President Bush. It was tossed out by the courts because it was improperly constructed, and they are doing their job. Yet, Congress is trying to use some-thing that is normally a judicial proce-dure, a stay, to get around the very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.006 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1123 March 3, 2016 
mandate that Congress gave the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. So it is simply the wrong way to go about it. Brick and clay plants, if left unregu-lated, which is why they are covered under the Clean Air Act, can be major sources of toxic air pollutants, like hy-drogen fluoride, hydrogen chloride, and hazardous metal, heavy metal pollut-ants that can endanger people with ev-erything from asthma to cancer. Now, I don’t know about you, but I would rather have my children running around a playground of a town where plants that put out hazardous pollut-ants are regulated in a thoughtful and responsible way, which is what this rule attempts to do. That is why opponents of this legisla-tion include the Center for Biological Diversity, League of Conservation Vot-ers, League of Women Voters, National Resource Development Council, the Si-erra Club, and the Union of Concerned Scientists. All of these experts understand that, for 15 years, Congress has expected air pollution from these facilities to be covered by the Clean Air Act stand-ards, and that delaying the process fur-ther is irresponsible, prevents the EPA from doing their mandate that Con-gress has given them, sets a dangerous public health precedent, and will en-danger lives of American citizens. Not only is this a treacherous pat-tern but, again, it is a waste of time. This bill won’t become law. It came out of committee on a party-line vote. The majority knows that, even in the off chance that the Senate were to con-sider this legislation, which I highly doubt, the President would veto the bill. It was indicated in the Statement of Administration Policy that I will in-clude in the R
ECORD , Mr. Speaker, which reads, in part, H.R. 4557 would create ‘‘an incentive for parties to liti-gate this rulemaking and the related corrections notice for as long as pos-sible in order to delay air pollution re-ductions.’’ 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 4557—BLOCKING REGULATORY INTER -
FERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT OF 2016 — 
REP. BILL JOHNSON , R–OH, AND SEVEN CO -
SPONSORS  The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 4557, which could extend indefinitely dead-lines for the brick and structural clay indus-try to limit mercury and other hazardous air pollution. Specifically, H.R. 4557 would ex-tend compliance deadlines for the Brick and Structural Clay National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants until all litigation on the final rule is complete, thereby creating an incentive for parties to litigate the rulemaking and the related cor-rections notice for as long as possible in order to delay air pollution reductions. In the meantime, H.R. 4557 would undermine the public health protections of the Clean Air Act (CAA) by allowing further emissions of approximately 30 tons per month of toxic air pollution from brick and clay products production facilities. These toxic emissions include mercury, gases, and other hazardous metals which are associated with a variety of acute and chronic health effects, including cancers. The CAA required the Environmental Pro-tection Agency to finalize pollution stand-ards for toxic air pollution from all indus-trial sectors by 2000. Since then, sources in many other sectors have been complying with standards that limit their emissions of cancer-causing toxic air pollutants. The sub-ject rule reflects CAA requirements while providing flexible compliance options and the maximum time allowed by law for com-pliance. It also makes distinctions between requirements for small and large kilns in order to reduce the impacts on small busi-nesses. Since its enactment in 1970, and subse-quent amendment in 1977 and 1990—each time with strong bipartisan support—the CAA has improved the Nation’s air quality and protected public health. Over that same period of time, the economy has grown over 200 percent while emissions of key pollutants have decreased nearly 70 percent. Forty-five years of clean air regulation have shown that a strong economy and strong environ-mental and public health protection go hand- in-hand. Because H.R. 4557 threatens the health of Americans by allowing more toxic air pollu-tion, if the President were presented with H.R. 4557, his senior advisors would rec-ommend that he veto the bill. Mr. POLIS. Again, so long as even there are the most frivolous lawsuits and anybody could continually file a lawsuit, and so long as any one of them is pending, the rule does not take ef-fect. It is indefinitely stayed. So, yet again, we are debating some-thing on the floor going nowhere. We are not debating improving our roads and bridges. We are not debating secur-ing our southern border. We are not de-bating balancing our Federal budget deficit. We are not debating making America more competitive and bring-ing jobs from overseas and China back home here and creating a growing mid-dle class. Instead, we are wasting time on legislation that won’t become law, that shouldn’t even become law be-cause it is the inappropriate role of this body. There are so many things that we could be talking about even within the energy realm and the EPA realm that would be productive discussions. I will give you an example. I have had the opportunity in hear-ings in the Natural Resources Com-mittee to bring up a bipartisan bill that I have with Mr. G
OSAR twice this week, and this is the third time. It is a bill that would create jobs and create renewable energy. It is called the Pub-lic Lands Renewable Energy Develop-ment Act. Why don’t we have a rule on that bill or bring it up on suspension? Mr. G
OSAR and my bill would incentivize renewable energy develop-ment by streamlining the permitting process on public lands for renewable energy projects. Isn’t that something we can come to-gether about, making sure that we can find a way to expedite siting for renew-able energy products on public land, creating jobs and creating clean en-ergy? Or we could be discussing the need for a permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, something that just last week was of-fered as a bipartisan amendment by myself and Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. S AN-
FORD of South Carolina. But, of course, that amendment was not given an hour of debate, 2 hours of debate, like this. We have the rule, we have the bill. The entire legislative day is discussing a stay on brick kilns. It should be in a courtroom, not in the U.S. House. We weren’t even given 10 minutes. We weren’t even given 1 minute to discuss that bipartisan amendment from Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. S ANFORD and myself. Look, the list goes on and on of what we could be doing. It has been said that politics is the art of the possible. When the American people look at our proceedings on the floor and what the Republican majority is doing with Congress, is it any wonder that the ap-proval rating of Congress is 8 percent? The people look at Congress and say, look, you are spending an entire day debating a stay on kiln rules. First of all, why are you talking about it? It should be in a courtroom. Second of all, aren’t there critical national priorities that you need to be debating right now to create jobs, make America more competitive over-seas, improve our schools, make col-lege more affordable, balance our def-icit, fix our broken immigration sys-tem, improve our roads and bridges, make America more competitive and grow the middle class? Aren’t there? That is what 92 percent of the Amer-ican people are crying out. There is still time for this Congress to listen. I hope that we begin. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama for his important work on this issue, and also the gentleman from Ohio. I rise today in support of H.R. 4557, the BRICK Act. This legislation delays an unnecessary EPA rule that imposes overly strict emission standards on American brick kilns. Manufacturers shouldn’t have to deal with the hassles of an overzealous reg-ulator in the first place, but they should at least get to have their day in court fighting this unreasonable regu-lation before incurring millions of dol-lars of expense to comply. Since 2003, brick manufacturers have reduced emissions from kilns by 95 per-cent. However, EPA decided to impose another Washington mandate on small businesses, which they may not even be able to meet. Shuttering U.S. brick factories will lead to higher costs for American con-sumers, making it even more expensive to open a business or raise a family. Additionally, manufacturers will shed good-paying jobs in places like Malvern, Arkansas. And, once again, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.008 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1124 March 3, 2016 
our manufacturing needs will move off-shore to a place that pollutes much worse than we do here. Not only is the EPA out of touch with reality on this issue, they exhibit no common sense when they regulate jobs away from America and send them to countries that pay sub-par wages and have sub-par pollution control technology. They have a lose-lose prop-osition. Mr. Speaker, this is the same EPA that negligently released millions of gallons of toxic mine water into the Animas River, tried to cover up and minimize their actions, refused to take responsibility, and resisted being held accountable. If anyone needs more regulation, it is this out-of-control Federal agency, not hard-working Americans. Mr. Speaker, for the sake of our envi-ronment and economy, I urge the House to pass the BRICK Act to keep the air cleaner and to save good-paying jobs here at home. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to talk a little bit more about when we say this bill will never become law what exactly we mean and I mean when I indicate that. There have been an enormous num-ber of bills that have passed the House of Representatives. As an example, re-pealing the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, taking health care away from tens of millions of Americans— that has passed this House in one form or another 64 times. So 64 times the House of Representatives has voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That is clearly what people who have been elected to the House have decided to do. The House of Representatives alone, however, doesn’t get to make the law. We have the United States Senate and we have a President. The United States Senate usually requires, as a proce-dural matter, 60 votes to move legisla-tion forward. And of course, even after a bill in the same form passes the House and the Senate, for it to become law, the President needs to sign it. If the President vetoes it, it immediately comes back and will require two-thirds to override the veto. So what we are talking about with this bill around kilns, like this one here, we are talking about a bill that probably will pass the House. I expect that that is what we are spending a whole day on. I don’t think the Repub-licans would want to spend a whole day on it if it was going to fail. So let’s as-sume it passes. I have heard no indication whatso-ever that the Senate is going to take this up in any way, shape, or form. In the unlikely event that the Senate takes it up, they have the challenge of getting 60 votes. The bill had no bipartisan support in committee. It is hard to see how they would get enough Democratic support in the Senate to get the 60 votes to pass the bill. Even if they somehow did, President Obama and the administra-tion is, of course, against providing a stay against their own rule that they promulgated. Therefore, we are spend-ing an entire day doing nothing, talk-ing about brick kilns, fiddling while Rome burns. The American people are upset, Mr. Speaker. The American people want this Congress to tackle the issues that affect them and their family around their kitchen table: rising rents and mortgage prices; maybe the mom or the dad or the kids lost their job and need to get back to work; making sure that they have a way to commute to work every day, and that our roads and bridges are strong, and they spend a minimal amount of time in traffic so they can spend more time with their family or at work earning money; bal-ancing our budget deficit to secure a strong financial future for our country; making sure that Medicare and Social Security are there and safe, not only for today’s retirees, but for the next generation and the next generation of American retirees; securing our south-ern border and replacing our broken and nonsensical and costly immigra-tion system with one that works for America to make us more competitive, generate more revenues, unites fami-lies, and reflects our values as a Nation of immigrants. We could be doing any of those things. We could be debating any of those things. No one says they are easy. It starts with time to debate here on the floor of the House. What a great way to spend a day, a Thursday. By the way, Speaker R
YAN and the Republicans don’t even have us work-ing Friday, tomorrow. They are send-ing us all home on Thursday, after spending a day debating brick kilns. We are not even debating anything to-morrow, Friday, or Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday or Friday of next week. I mean, look, the American people would love this kind of job which the Republican majority has given them-selves with the congressional calendar where we have worked 3
1⁄2days this week, get Friday off, all of next week off, and spend a whole day debating brick kilns, rather than the issues that the American people care about. That is what is going on here. That is why Congress has such a low approval rating. Well, look, let’s begin by debating the issues that people care about. They are hard. I get that. Fixing our broken immigration system, balancing our budget deficit, securing Medicare and Social Security, are not easy issues. But why don’t we spend a day doing that, today, all day, having ideas from both sides of the aisle, having Members speak about their plans to make Amer-ica better and stronger, rather than de-bating a court procedure, a stay on brick kilns, all day, and then reward-ing ourselves with a day off tomorrow. Job well done, Congress. We did a court procedure on brick kilns as our work product and, for that, we deserve a week and a half off. That is the job that Congress has de-fined for itself, and it is why the Amer-ican people are so outraged. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule that would require the Republicans to stop their partisan games and hold hearings on the budget proposal, the President’s budget. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the RECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, if we pass this previous question motion that I am making, we can actually begin the important discussion of how we can bring our budget into balance and re-store fiscal responsibility. Let’s have hearings on the Presi-dent’s budget proposal. Let’s talk about the tradeoffs around investments and savings. Let’s have those meaning-ful discussions, rather than to spend an entire day on brick kilns, and then giv-ing ourselves a week and a half off. We can still salvage this Congress for the American people. We can restore trust in the integrity and the desire of the American Government to do good and tackle the big issues we face. I am confident we can. That can begin by passing my pre-vious question motion and getting to debate about the budget and balancing our budget and the tradeoffs and in-vestments in our future, rather than debating kilns and giving ourselves a week and a half off. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b0945 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I was very interested to hear my col-league talk about what makes the American people frustrated and angry right now. I have just come through a primary campaign for my seat in Ala-bama. I spent a lot of time with the citizens of the United States in my dis-trict. They are indeed frustrated and angry, and let me tell you why. They are frustrated and angry because we have a government in the Federal sphere that is out of control, and it is taking away their jobs. This regulation will take away jobs from people in Alabama. It will take away jobs from people in 38 States. That is what makes them angry: a Fed-eral Government that cares so little about them that they would put out a regulation like this that kills jobs, that raises the price of bricks on those of us who buy them to build our homes, and the Federal Government thinks that is necessary. But we have to do this today because we have a Federal Government that doesn’t understand that its role is not to do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.009 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1125 March 3, 2016 
So let’s get back to what this really means. This is not a partisan issue. Two of the sponsors of this bill are from the other party. My colleague from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) is a spon-sor of this bill and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ) is a sponsor of this bill because they understand it is going to hurt their constituents. It is going to hurt the average working per-son in this country. My colleagues on the other side don’t get that, and because they don’t get that, there is no job too small for them, in their minds, to kill. There is no business too small for them to put out of business. There is no amount of money that they are going to increase what we consumers have to pay that is too much for them. They would kill every job, and they would hold back every consumer’s ability to get a home at a decent price to get some little, small, almost nothing benefit. There were no amendments offered as part of this debate today because none were offered in committee and none were offered to the Rules Committee. So this is not a closed debate because we are trying to close off amendments. There aren’t any amendments. Now, I heard a lot about a judicial stay. I said this in my initial remarks: saying that there is a ‘‘possibility’’ for a judicial stay says nothing about the practicality of it. I addressed that in my opening remarks. Let me just tell you, as a practical way, it is almost impossible to get this stay. Yet, when they got a stay several years ago, it was so late in the game that the brick industry had to go ahead and make all the changes, which cost jobs and in-creased the price of bricks for the rest of us. Here is the truth. My colleague said that there is an obligation to have a rule here. There is already a rule on particulate matter, and most of the benefits in the rule that has been pro-posed here are to particulate matter. It is already regulated. And, oh, by the way, when that prior regulation that was turned back by the Supreme Court was put out there and the industry had to go ahead and com-ply with it, they had already reduced emissions by over 90 percent. So what we are talking about in this regulation is another effort to get at some small, little, almost imperceiv-able benefit at the cost of hundreds, if not thousands, of American jobs. I am astonished that this administration is so insensitive to that. The people of America are angry and frustrated be-cause of that. Now, I know that we are going to be having debates about some of the issues that my colleague talked about, and I am looking forward to those de-bates. But to the people who work in the industry, this is an important issue. It may not be important to other people in this House, but it is impor-tant to people that work for these brick businesses. It is important to me as a consumer looking at what it is going to cost me for buying new bricks. So I would hope that there would be greater sensitivity from this adminis-tration for my colleagues in this House to people who are being hurt by this rule, and I hope that we will all take this very seriously as the important issue that it is. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to, first of all, congratulate the gentleman from Ala-bama. He had a recent election and tri-umphed, and, of course, we will be ex-cited to continue to serve with him. When we run, it is difficult. We have our ear to the ground, and we hear peo-ple. The gentleman mentioned that people were angry back home. I think there are a lot of people in my district that are angry, too. But again, I want to ask the gentleman: Is what they were angry about this brick kiln rule, or were they angry about the failure of Congress to secure our borders and the failure of Congress to balance our budget, all those things? I want to ask whether what you heard about in that anger was about brick kilns, or was it about other issues. I yield to the gentleman from Ala-bama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, they are angry about a Federal Government that is overreaching and hurting them. That is what they are angry about. Mr. POLIS. Did anybody who was angry bring up brick kilns as some-thing they were angry about? I yield to the gentleman from Ala-bama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, they brought up the EPA over and over again. I hear about the EPA every-where I go. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, as I indicated, it would be an appropriate discussion for us to talk about the statutory obligations of EPA. We might have differing opinions. I think they should have the authority, we should remove the small site ex-emption, and they should look at emis-sions from the fracking industry and the extraction. But that is a valid dis-cussion to have. Instead of that, we are saying you are doing what we told you to do, but we want to grant a stay. So Congress, under the EPA in section 112, directed the EPA under the Clean Air Act to promulgate these regulations. Presi-dent George Bush did so. They were tossed out, and now there is a new set of regulations going forward to imple-ment what Congress wanted the EPA to do. Now, if the gentleman from Alabama doesn’t want the EPA to do that, let’s have that discussion about EPA’s au-thority. I am happy to do it. I have ideas. Maybe there are some areas the EPA shouldn’t have that mandate au-thority. There are other areas, like making sure we look at emissions from fracking where we need enhanced au-thority because there is something called the small site exemption in the Clean Air Act, where, even though each particular fracking pad has a very small contribution to air quality, when you start having thousands of them in a limited area—which we do—it starts looking a lot less like a couple auto-mobiles and a lot more like a large in-dustrial factory. So they shouldn’t be exempt just by nature of being small, because when you have a lot of small things, it equals not only one big thing, it equals 10 big things and 100 big things. We have over 40,000 active wells in the greater Weld-Larimer County area alone, and there is an enormous impact on our air quality, which is exempt under the small site exemption. So again, section 112 directs the EPA to promulgate these rules. If we want to open up the mandate that Congress has given the EPA, let’s have that dis-cussion. As an individual legislator, I might trade you this brick kiln authority if we can close the small site exemption. I would say, fine; my constituents care more about closing that small site ex-emption than they do if there are two brick kilns in our entire State. So I think, in general, my constituents and Coloradans care more about making sure our air quality is good and pro-tected with regard to the emissions from the fracking activity than from the two brick kilns. So I would be open to that as a legislative compromise. That is how legislation is made. But we are not allowed to have that debate. The gentleman mentioned, oh, no amendments were brought forward. Guess what? We did a motion in the Rules Committee—I am sure the gen-tleman from Alabama remembers—yes-terday to do an open rule on this. If that had passed—and it failed on a par-tisan vote. Not a single Republican voted to allow an open rule on this bill. If that had succeeded, if that had passed, that open rule the Democrats wanted, we could then introduce amendments like the ones that I men-tioned to talk about the authority of the EPA or other issues that we have to improve the statutory requirements in charge of the EPA. Right on the floor, we would have the opportunity to do that. Instead, we have an entire day on brick kilns without even being allowed to introduce amendments that affect our clean air and water in any way, shape, or form. I think we can do better. The gentleman also asked what the impact of the brick kilns on this is. The EPA estimates that the brick and clay rule would reduce national air toxins by approximately 375 tons in 2018. Again, that is what Congress has told the EPA to do under the Clean Air Act. If Congress wants the EPA to do something different, let’s have that discussion, section 112, other sections of the Clean Air Act, of the mandate that Congress has given the EPA. Let’s not use a court procedure, a stay, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.011 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1126 March 3, 2016 
won’t become law to short-circuit something that Congress has told the EPA to do. It is positively schizo-phrenic for Congress to require an agency to do something and then say we are not going to allow you to do what we told you to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, if I heard the gentleman correctly, he wants an open rule. Let me restate: we had no amendments offered at the committee of jurisdiction and no amendments of-fered before the Rules Committee, so that would fly in the face of our desire here to have regular order. What he has proposed is not regular order. He is proposing chaos, and I don’t think the American people want us to be in chaos around here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Illi-nois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), a great conserv-ative leader. (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time to speak on the rule. Our process for a bill to get to the floor is it has to go through the Rules Committee. This was a very, very im-portant bill. It was interesting in the debate, listening to the sides, because there is an argument by constituents of having clean bills: one bill, one issue, simply understood, vote on it, in-stead of this horse trading that some-times gets proposed: you give me this for my giving you that. I can tell you one thing, I know in my district they really don’t like this. They want us to be accountable for a bill. I also get frustrated with how easy it is to throw away jobs: I only have blank kilns in my State. Those are good-paying jobs for families, and they are important to the fabric of those communities. Just to say, ‘‘Look, I have only got two. I don’t really worry about them. Let’s trade them off’’ is really troublesome, and I am sorry we fall into that type of debate. This is really part of a bigger debate in that the courts have already done this with the Clean Power Plan, the climate change bill. The debate is, ‘‘Okay. EPA, you can do the regula-tion. Do the regulation.’’ What the EPA likes to do is do the regulation; and they play this game: ‘‘We know it is not legal, so we will impose the regu-lation. We know it is not legal. We are going to force industry to comply,’’ and then when the courts say it is not legal, they have already gone too far, and the jobs have been lost. That is factual. That is what hap-pened in 2003. That is what happened when the EPA promulgated the MACT rules in 2003. The rules were vacated by the Federal court in 2007—vacated— which means you can’t do it. But the industry already was forced to do it, ei-ther to spend millions and millions of dollars, or they had to close. So fast-forward. Where are we today? The courts have done this on the Clean Power Plan, the big climate change rule. What the Court just said for the first time, the Supreme Court said: No, we are not going to force the States to implement the Clean Power Plan until it is litigated in the courts. They put a stay on everyone and said: Don’t do anything. Let’s have the leg-islative-judicial debate and fight. That is what this bill does. Let’s just have the litigation on the legality of this new rule. If it comes up that it is legal, then the industry is going to have to comply. But if it comes out that it is not legal, guess what. We are going to save jobs. We are going to save communities, and we are going to save the family income for two kilns in a State or maybe more, depending upon the brick-producing capability of indi-vidual States. So I am down here just to thank the Rules Committee for bringing this bill to the floor. I look forward to the debate. It is much more than brick kilns. It is about when can the EPA force a com-pany to do something. We would hope they could only do it after it has been ruled legal by the courts if someone challenges a rule, and that is what this does. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. b1000 There is a way that our process works around here. If a rule is illegal, it will be tossed out by the courts. George Bush’s attempt to implement the Clean Air Act, section 112, around brick kilns was tossed out. What this bill does is says that, so long as there is a court challenge, there is some sort of presumption that the rule be tossed out and, therefore, an indefinite stay. Now, there can be challenges all the time. The minute one fails, another one can be launched. No bones about it. This would indefinitely prevent this rule from ever taking effect with re-gard to brick kilns. I have to say, Mr. Speaker, I haven’t heard from a single constituent on this issue. Like the gentleman from Ala-bama, my constituents are angry. They are angry at Congress and worried about the direction of the country. They want Congress to replace our broken immigration system with one that works and secure our southern border. They want Congress to return to fiscal responsibility and balance our budget. They want to make sure that college is affordable for the next gen-eration. They want to make sure they have good jobs here at home. They want to make sure that we en-courage companies to locate and grow here in America rather than take tax advantages for relocating overseas or inverting their headquarters to occur overseas, as occurs with today’s Tax Code. Those are some of the many issues that my constituents want me to talk about here. I just had a townhall meeting last week in Fort Collins, Colorado, the big-gest city in my district. About 100 peo-ple came. Not a single person was angry about brick kilns. But, yes, there was a lot of anger there about some of the issues I indi-cated: people frustrated with why Con-gress refuses to act on making college more affordable, why Congress has re-fused to act in making sure that Medi-care and Social Security are there for the next generation, and why Congress doesn’t put our country on the course of fiscal responsibility and reduce our debt-to-GDP ratio. But, instead, we are debating a bill that won’t become law without allow-ing amendments here on the floor. That is what a closed rule means. If it was an open rule, I would be able to offer my amendment to close the small site exemption with regard to fracking, but I can’t. We are debating a bill that won’t be-come law, attacking a rule that is merely implementing what Congress has told not just this President, but any President, to do. George Bush tried. Obama tried. It is because Congress, under the Clean Air Act, tells the executive: You have to do this under section 112. And then, when they do it, there is the issue that went through the courts. That is appropriate. That is their role. But when they implement what Congress has told them to do, we are saying: No. There is an indefinite stay. That is what this bill would do. I know, Mr. Speaker, regardless of what they think about any of the poli-cies or rules put out by this adminis-tration or any administration, it is not the place of Congress to issue stays on rules. It is the role of the courts. The Constitution established three branches in our government for a rea-son under our Constitution. It is the courts’ job, not Congress’ job, to inter-fere with the legal process. It is not Congress’ job to take that responsibility away from the judicial branch, especially with a bill that would actually encourage more frivo-lous litigation by rewarding frivolous litigation and endless appeals when we already have too much of that in our court system. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ to defeat the previous ques-tion, which, if we succeed on that vote, we can immediately get to hold hear-ings on the President’s budget pro-posals. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule as well, again, a closed rule, not allowing amendments here on the floor of the House. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The American people are sick and tired of a Federal Government that is out of control. I can’t imagine the Founders of this country in that con-stitutional convention in Philadelphia in 1787 saying: Now, let’s think about a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.012 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1127 March 3, 2016 
government agency established under our Constitution that is going to regu-late bricks. No wonder the American people look at the Federal Government and say: Have you lost your mind? What are you doing? These other issues that my colleague talked about are important. But we have to stop here in this Congress to deal with another out-of-control Fed-eral agency—and the EPA is one of the most out-of-control Federal agencies— to protect the American people and, yes, to protect their jobs, to protect the consumers of America from unrea-sonable increases in the cost of things like bricks because another agency has done something to them. Yes, I think the American people are sick and tired of that, and I do think it is the role of this Congress to do some-thing about it. The EPA would have no power except for the fact that this Congress has dele-gated its own legislative power to the EPA. Indeed, it is our role to not only provide oversight to that power but, on particular occasions, to take it back. Frankly, in my judgment, we don’t take it back enough. If we took it back more, we would be protecting the American people more and their jobs and the cost of things that they buy every day. I understood what my colleague just said. I heard it. But once again I don’t think he is thinking about those people who work for these brick companies and I don’t think he is thinking about the consumers of America, who are ready for the Congress to do its job to protect them. This is one way that we can do that. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support H. Res. 635 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 635 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS OF COLORADO  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC4. Immediately upon the adoption of this resolution it shall be in order without intervention of any point of order to con-sider in the House the resolution (H. Res. 624) Directing the Committee on the Budget to hold a public hearing on the President’s fis-cal year 2017 budget request with the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget as a witness. The resolution shall be consid-ered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the ques-tion except one hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Budget. S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of House Resolu-tion 624. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution ....  [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
IBBLE ). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting the resolu-tion, if ordered, and suspending the rules and passing S. 1826, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 174, not voting 26, as follows: [Roll No. 106] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Becerra Bera Beyer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.013 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1128 March 3, 2016 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—26 
Allen Bass Beatty Ca´rdenas Costa Engel Franks (AZ) Graves (LA) Green, Gene Griffith Harris Herrera Beutler Hinojosa McCaul Meeks Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Pascrell Pitts Roybal-Allard Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Wagner Westmoreland Zinke 
b1026 Mrs. DINGELL, Messrs. WELCH and COOPER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 106, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 173, not voting 25, as follows: [Roll No. 107] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—25 
Beatty Bishop (UT) Black Ca´rdenas Costa Green, Gene Grijalva Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Love McCaul McDermott Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Pascrell Perry Pitts Roybal-Allard Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Wagner Westmoreland Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1033 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 107, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 107, I was detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL JAMES ‘‘MAGGIE’’ MEGELLAS POST OF-FICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1826) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.002 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1129 March 3, 2016 
Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 406, nays 1, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 108] YEAS—406 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—26 
Beatty Blumenauer Byrne Ca´rdenas Cole Costa Green, Gene Herrera Beutler Hinojosa McCaul McDermott Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Pascrell Pitts Quigley Roe (TN) Rokita Roybal-Allard Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Wagner Welch Westmoreland Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1039 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and not present for rollcall vote No. 108. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on final passage of S. 1826, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office. f 
BLOCKING REGULATORY INTER-FERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT OF 2016 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 635, I call up the bill (H.R. 4557) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing na-tional emission standards for haz-ardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ce-ramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 635, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4557 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENDING COMPLIANCE DATES (PEND-ING JUDICIAL REVIEW) OF RULES ADDRESSING NATIONAL EMISSION STANDARDS FOR HAZARDOUS AIR POLLUTANTS FOR BRICK AND STRUCTURAL CLAY PRODUCTS MAN-UFACTURING OR CLAY CERAMICS MANUFACTURING. 
(a) E XTENSION OF COMPLIANCE DATES .— (1) E
XTENSION .—Each compliance date of any final rule described in subsection (b) is deemed to be extended by the time period equal to the time period described in sub-section (c). (2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘compliance date’’ means, with respect to any requirement of a final rule described in subsection (b), the date by which any State, local, or tribal government or other person is first required to comply. (b) F
INAL RULES DESCRIBED .—A final rule described in this subsection is any final rule to address national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants (NESHAP) for brick and structural clay products manufacturing or clay ceramics manufacturing under sec-tion 112 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7412), including— (1) the final rule entitled ‘‘NESHAP for Brick and Structural Clay Products Manu-facturing; and NESHAP for Clay Ceramics Manufacturing’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 65469 (October 26, 2015); (2) the final rule entitled ‘‘NESHAP for Brick and Structural Clay Products Manu-facturing; and NESHAP for Clay Ceramics Manufacturing: Correction’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 75817 (December 4, 2015); and (3) any final rule that succeeds or amends the rule described in paragraph (1) or (2). (c) P
ERIOD DESCRIBED .—The time period de-scribed in this subsection is the period of days that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.019 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1130 March 3, 2016 
(1) begins on the date that is 60 days after the day on which notice of promulgation of a final rule described in subsection (b) ap-pears in the Federal Register; and (2) ends on the date on which judgment be-comes final, and no longer subject to further appeal or review, in all actions (including ac-tions that are filed pursuant to section 307 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7607))— (A) that are filed during the 60 days de-scribed in paragraph (1); and (B) that seek review of any aspect of such rule. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ) and the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
USH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 4557. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Today, we have the important oppor-tunity to protect the American brick manufacturing industry and the ce-ramic kiln industry and its 7,000 em-ployees from a costly regulation that has yet to survive a judicial scrutiny. At this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), one of the original sponsors of this bill. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I certainly appreciate the opportunity to speak on this bill. I rise today in support of H.R. 4557, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act, or the BRICK Act. This legislation is important to preserving the viability of brick manu-facturing facilities all across the coun-try. Simply put, the BRICK Act pauses the EPA’s 2015 National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollut-ants until court challenges of the rule are resolved. I am very concerned that brick manufacturers in my district, as well as those in the districts of my col-leagues, may be required to spend hun-dreds of thousands, if not millions, of dollars to satisfy an EPA requirement similar to the EPA’s 2003 rule, a rule, it should be noted, that was vacated by the Federal courts. b1045 For example, Cherokee Brick & Tile from Macon, Georgia, spent over $1.5 million to install controls in order to comply with the EPA’s invalidated 2003 rule. Cherokee is a small, family-owned business, and as my colleagues with small businesses in their districts can attest, $1.5 million is a very substan-tial sum that can cut heavily into a bottom line. This rule impacts more than just Cherokee Brick & Tile in my State, but also General Shale and Pine Hall Brick, among others. A basic material for home building and construction, bricks are more than just a figurative cornerstone in the United States construction industry. Passing this legislation would guar-antee the EPA would wait until its 2015 emission standards are reviewed by the courts before implementing the rule and before manufacturers across the country are needlessly required to spend millions of dollars. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 4557, the BRICK Act. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4557 is an unneces-sary bill that would set a terrible precedent. As the Statement of Administration Policy, which outlines the justification for President Obama’s veto threat, states: ‘‘H.R. 4557 would undermine the pub-lic health protections of the Clean Air Act by allowing further emissions of approximately 30 tons per month of toxic air pollution from brick and clay products production facilities. These toxic emissions include mercury, gases, and other hazardous metals which are associated with a variety of acute and chronic health effects, including can-cers.’’ Mr. Speaker, the statement from President Obama goes on to say: ‘‘Because H.R. 4557 threatens the health of Americans by allowing more toxic air pollution, if the President were presented with H.R. 4557, his sen-ior advisers would recommend that he veto the bill.’’ Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4557 is the wrong remedy at the wrong time. Mr. Speak-er, this bill is premature. While I understand that the industry feels that it has been penalized for complying with the 2003 rule, that is not sufficient reason in itself to set up a unique process that incentivizes all parties that object to this rule to file endless challenges to the rulemaking. The Brick and Clay Maximum Achievable Control Technology, or MACT, regulations that are the subject of this legislation are the subject of on-going legal actions by industry and by public health communities across this Nation. The courts already have the ability to grant a stay on this rule, yet for some reason the industry has not yet made that request to the court. But there are a number of pending cases filed by the industry on this very rule. This week, Mr. Speaker, it was re-ported that the industry petitioned the court to put four suits on hold until the EPA decides whether to grant their requests to reconsider the regulations. The pending decision by the court and by the EPA indicate that there is no need for H.R. 4557, as there are ample remedies available under the Clean Air Act to address concerns about this rule. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4557 does not actually address the merits or the faults with the Brick and Clay MACT rules. Instead, what this bill does is takes these rules and this rulemaking out-side of the process in the Clean Air Act that allows the EPA to issue final rules with deadlines for their implementa-tion, without waiting for the conclu-sion of all the appeals and all the re-views. Mr. Speaker, this bill would also delay any subsequent rule issued that is similar in scope and similar in objec-tive until any legal challenges to it were completed as well. In other words, Mr. Speaker, this bill allows an oppor-tunity for endless lawsuits on this very issue. I fear, Mr. Speaker, that if H.R. 4557 were to become law, we would end up in a situation where we would never, ever control air polluting emissions from these facilities, no matter how cost-effective or how necessary that rule might be. Mr. Speaker, this is a policy that we must reject. As the Statement of Administration Policy also noted, if rules cannot go forward until all legal actions are com-plete, there is a strong incentive to use frivolous legal challenges to prevent any rules from being implemented. Under that scenario, we never would have achieved the improvements in air quality and in public health that have been accomplished under the Clean Air Act. We know, Mr. Speaker, that the Clean Air Act has delivered many cost- effective health benefits to the Amer-ican people over the years. It has been demonstrated many times that we do not have to make a choice between healthy air and jobs in this Nation. We can have both. We cannot agree, Mr. Speaker, to set-ting this precedent and establishing a process that will delay important pub-lic health protections and encourage, at the same time, frivolous legal chal-lenges to our clean air rules. The brick, clay, and tile industries would be better served by pursuing the options available to them right now under the Clean Air Act. For all of these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I must urge all of my colleagues to op-pose this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) for introducing this impor-tant bill. This is an industry that has been hard hit by the recession. It has lost 45 percent of its jobs. There are 70 of these plants around the country, and they employ 7,000 people. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the sponsor of the legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the BRICK Act would simply allow for the consideration and completion of any judicial review regarding the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.009 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1131 March 3, 2016 
EPA’s 2015 National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for the brick, clay, and tile industries be-fore requiring compliance. So why is this important? Because this rule needlessly jeopardizes good- paying jobs all across America, as the chart right here next to me clearly demonstrates. And for what reason? Why are they jeopardizing these jobs? The EPA itself concedes in the rule: ‘‘We do not expect that the combined emissions . . . would result in substantial cumulative health and environmental impacts.’’ Instead, the real health impacts due to this rule will be felt by the workers who lose their jobs, their health bene-fits, and even the education and train-ing opportunities offered by their em-ployers. The brick industry primarily consists of small, family-owned businesses. They are often located in small com-munities that depend on the plant for good-paying jobs. To comply with the EPA’s require-ment, these small businesses will be forced to borrow millions of dollars to pay for the required control tech-nology. Many brick companies are al-ready struggling to find the capital for plant modernization. I can’t imagine how difficult it will be for these compa-nies to secure the needed investments to pay for new control equipment, equipment that provides zero return on investment. And let’s not forget that the brick in-dustry has already been through this before. The EPA finalized a similar rule in 2003 that required brick compa-nies to spend millions of dollars on control equipment. A few years later, a Federal court vacated that rule. Unfortunately, the brick industry couldn’t roll back the clock and re-cover the investments they had made. Worse yet, the EPA’s new emission rules use the reductions achieved by the vacated rule as the baseline for fur-ther reduction requirements, so the in-dustry essentially got no credit for the hard work that they had already done. This history further underscores why this legislation is so important. It also baffles me when I hear some of my col-leagues say the BRICK Act is not need-ed because parties can already seek a judicial stay. However, the EPA has effectively in-dicated, in a statement for the R
ECORD  submitted to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, that they would oppose any requests to stay the rule. Further, while the EPA’s Clean Power Plan was recently stayed, the parties were only able to obtain relief by going to the U.S. Supreme Court. Here, the EPA’s rule threatens the very existence of small brick and tile companies. These companies do not have unlimited resources to litigate against the Federal Government, and their jobs should not be put at risk due to a rule which has been vacated once already and has yet to be reviewed by the courts. Mr. Speaker, the brick industry is part of our American culture. It has helped build some of the most iconic buildings, cities, and towns in exist-ence in our country today. We must make certain our regulations and laws preserve this industry, not destroy it. The BRICK Act will do that. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers right now. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in favor of this very important, I think, legislation sponsored by my colleague from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ). I want to thank him for his leadership on this bill because it is a very pro- growth jobs bill. I think it is very im-portant that we pass this. I happen to be the chairman of the House Committee on Small Business, and our Nation’s brick industry is pri-marily made up of small, family-owned businesses that employ thousands of workers. In Ohio alone, brick compa-nies directly employ more than 700 workers and ensure the livelihoods of thousands of other workers. b1100 Brick is used to construct, as we all know, residential homes and has been used to build some of our country’s most iconic landmarks, such as Inde-pendence Hall, the birthplace of this great Nation. With the severe downturn in con-struction during the Great Recession, the brick industry suffered signifi-cantly and still has not fully recovered. The industry is operating at about 50 percent of its capacity and suffered a 45 percent job loss from 2005 to 2012. Now, small brick manufacturers are facing a costly new EPA regulation that may make it impossible for them to keep their doors open. That means those jobs would go away. Compliance will require many com-panies to remove and replace costly air pollution control equipment with new devices that may not be able to meet the new, stringent emissions standards. It is estimated to cost $4.4 million to retrofit two kilns—the average number of kilns in a facility—with the new pol-lution control equipment. While the regulation is being challenged in Fed-eral court, it just makes common sense to delay the compliance deadlines until that matter is resolved. As chairman of the Small Business Committee, I urge my colleagues to stand up for small brick manufacturers and support this bill. This is a jobs bill. Again, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) for his leadership in moving this bill forward. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire how much time I have remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gen-tleman from Illinois has 211⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Ken-tucky has 22
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the BRICK Act. I agree with my colleagues that the brick, clay, and tile industries are in a tough position. The Bush administra-tion issued final brick and clay emis-sion standards—or Brick and Clay MACT standards—in 2003, 3 years after they were supposed to be completed. Unfortunately, the rule was flawed and, when challenged, the court va-cated those standards as unlawful. As a result, the EPA Administrator was able to redo the brick and clay rule. I am sympathetic to the fact that the brick, clay, and tile industries have been facing some real challenges since 2007, when the housing market began to decline, but some proponents of this bill will have you believe that all of the challenges are a result of the im-provements the industry must make to meet the 2015 Brick and Clay MACT rule. What they refuse to acknowledge are the real health benefits that will come with the reduction of several major air pollutants. I understand the industry stake-holders’ reluctance to make further in-vestments in pollution control tech-nology to comply with this rule, given their previous experience with the 2003 rule, but the Clean Air Act provides a number of remedies that are available to them. The courts are the proper venue for resolving issues with the Brick and Clay MACT. To date, industry groups have filed lawsuits on the merits of the rule, but none of the interested parties have actually asked the court to stay the rule’s compliance dates. The industry can also ask EPA to re-consider the rule, which I understand has already happened. In fact, earlier this week industry groups asked the D.C. Circuit Court to postpone consid-eration of their pending lawsuits until EPA makes a decision on whether to reconsider the rule. Neither of those remedies require action by Congress, but a legislative quick fix is the only remedy the proponents of this bill ap-pear to care about. H.R. 4557 does not resolve the ongo-ing issues with this rule. In fact, it is far more likely to create a drawn-out rulemaking process fueled by an end-less stream of court challenges. That wouldn’t resolve any of the industry’s problems with the Brick and Clay MACT rule. The bill also sets, in my opinion, a terrible precedent by delaying all of the rule’s compliance requirements until all legal actions are complete. If this remedy sounds familiar, that is because it is. The majority included a similar provision in a bill we consid-ered earlier in this Congress: H.R. 2042, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.023 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1132 March 3, 2016 
the Ratepayer Protection Act. I op-posed that bill, and I oppose this one for the same reasons. If we had included a litigation delay policy in the Clean Air Act, we would never have achieved the improvements in air quality and public health that we now enjoy. The Clean Air Act provides ample op-portunities for industry and the public to influence the development and im-plementation of regulations. These tools should be used in this case. Finally, I do not support legislation to resolve the issues being raised by the bill’s supporters. These issues can and should be resolved by the courts. So I urge my colleagues to reject this attempt to get around the courts. I ask that they vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4557. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
E-
WELL ), one of the original cosponsors of this legislation. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, today I rise to voice my support for H.R. 4557, the BRICK Act. I want to tell a story about a small company in my hometown of Selma, Alabama. Henry Brick Company has been a family-owned business since 1945, providing jobs and economic sup-port to the Black Belt of Alabama. In 2003, the EPA passed a rule requir-ing Henry Brick Company, along with all other brick and structural clay manufacturers, to reduce their air pol-lutant emissions. In order to meet these new regula-tions by 2006, Henry Brick Company of Selma, Alabama, spent $1.5 million to come into compliance with the rule. This was a major financial burden for this small company, but Henry Brick Company is a good corporate citizen and understands the importance of pro-tecting our environment. However, 1 year after they spent $1.5 million, the courts vacated the EPA’s 2003 regulation. So the EPA went back to the drawing board to create a new rule, but they did not give these brick companies credit for emission reduc-tions achieved under the previous rule. On the contrary, in their new rule, the EPA actually used the emission re-ductions achieved under the vacated rule as a baseline for further reduction requirements. Now, Henry Brick Company faces a new brick and clay manufacturing rule with even stricter emissions require-ments and must come into compliance by December 2018. This time the small company may have to spend up to $8 million to com-ply with the new emissions standards, leaving Henry Brick Company one step closer to being forced to close their doors. I am supportive, Mr. Speaker, of re-ducing emissions, and I am also in favor of protecting our environment. But this must be done in an economi-cally viable way. It is simply unfair for regulators to continue to move the goalposts on small brick manufactur-ers like Henry Brick Company. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. WHITFIELD. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 1 minute. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. That is why I support this legislation to delay the enforcement of the new EPA rule until all of the legal challenges have been concluded. This is a necessary and commonsense bill. I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. I want to thank Representative JOHNSON of Ohio and all of those that are working hard to make sure that small brick companies, like Henry Brick Company of Selma, Alabama, do not have to close its doors. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4557, the BRICK Act. Once again American businesses find themselves facing millions of dollars in compliance costs due to burdensome EPA regulations. It is estimated that the EPA’s Brick MACT rule may cost the brick and ce-ramics industry up to $100 million per year, with the cost of compliance for the average facility at approximately $4.4 million. In addition, the industry will not be able to meet the requirement deadlines imposed by the rule, which is currently being challenged in Federal court. The EPA’s first attempt at a Brick MACT rule was judicially vacated, but not before the industry spent millions in compliance measures ultimately found to be invalid. Small brick and ceramics businesses have been the hardest hit by the first rule, and if this situation repeats itself, many of these businesses will be forced to close their doors for good. H.R. 4557 would provide much-needed regulatory relief to brick and ceramic businesses by stating that no addi-tional compliance measures shall be mandated by the EPA until judicial re-view of the rule is completed. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, which will protect a vital in-dustry and its thousands of jobs from potentially devastating regulatory un-certainty. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. K
ELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act, or the BRICK Act. Rules handed down by the EPA have real-world consequences on businesses and our economy. You have heard the backstory today regarding the 2015 Brick MACT standards and the impact it will have on the brick manufac-turing industry. In my district, Columbus Brick Com-pany, a fifth-generation, family-owned small business, will be forced to spend millions of dollars in compliance costs and significantly downsize or go out of business and tell 85 dedicated employ-ees to find a new job. What is even more disappointing is that Columbus Brick has been forced to navigate this decision before. The EPA promulgated Brick MACT standards in 2003, and then the rule was vacated by a Federal court in 2007, but not until a significant monetary in-vestment had been made by Columbus Brick in an attempt to be in compli-ance. That is why it is imperative that we pass the BRICK Act today. Companies like Columbus Brick aren’t asking for zero regulation, but they are asking to be regulated fairly, to have a seat at the table in deter-mining new rules, and some certainty when it comes to making future busi-ness decisions. The American people deserve better. They deserve a government that can ensure citizens have clean air to breathe without eliminating essential industries. That is why I urge you to support the BRICK Act. Let’s wait until judicial re-view is complete so our businesses aren’t forced to make unnecessary, costly decisions with minimal or un-known environmental benefits. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know why we are even here debating this issue, which is an important issue, but not a prevailing issue. This is an issue that concerns one industry. It is a concern that is already under consideration by the courts and by the administration. In fact, Mr. Speaker, it is a problem that is more appropriately addressed by those branches of govern-ment than by this Congress. There are many other issues that this Congress has before it that it is our job to address. Yet, Mr. Speaker, we are not spending ample time on those things that are closely tied to the eco-nomic benefits and jobs for all Ameri-cans. Our water infrastructure, Mr. Speak-er, is in dire need of repair and mainte-nance. We spend little to no time on our water infrastructure and the prob-lems associated with it. We have Superfund sites and brownfield sites that need to be cleaned up and put to productive use. No time, no energy, no congressional resources are used to address these vital issues. Our States need support for modern-izing and hardening the electricity grid. We are AWOL on these issues. And still, Mr. Speaker, many Ameri-cans are underemployed, unemployed, and underpaid for the work that they are doing. b1115 Where is the time allocation, the re-source allocation? Where are our ef-forts on behalf of these people? All of these things, Mr. Speaker, par-ticularly and especially the infrastruc-ture issue, must be addressed by the Congress. There is no other place that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.025 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1133 March 3, 2016 
can address these issues as appro-priately, as effectively, as efficiently, except this Congress. And these issues, these infrastructure issues affect every industry, every State, every American in our Nation. So, Mr. Speaker, let us use this body’s time and efforts on the critical issues that are of great importance to the American people. Mr. Speaker, our time could be better served if we would just address some of these prevailing issues of the day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I will conclude my remarks over on this side. I was listening to the debate on the rule about this bill, and some people did make the comment that this was not a particularly important issue. I might say to the 7,000 people em-ployed in this industry, to the owners of the companies, this is very impor-tant because some of them may very well lose their business, may very well lose their jobs. So we have two goals with this legis-lation. One is simply to say this regu-lation coming out of EPA needs to be considered by the courts before these companies are required to invest sig-nificant sums of money. In fact, the industry itself has said that the average plant has two kilns, and a plant with two kilns would have to spend roughly $4 million to meet the requirements of this regulation. Now, remember, in 2003, EPA came out with a regulation for this industry and, by 2006, the industry had to com-ply. They did comply and they reduced emissions of the regulated substance by 96 percent. We see a pattern developing at EPA. They know full well that this President would veto any legislation that changes in any way anything coming out of EPA, so the only avenue left to the regulated parties is to file a law-suit. So just as the brick industry filed a lawsuit in 2003 on that extreme regula-tion, they had to comply by 2006; and then the Court, in 2007, after they had already complied, ruled that the regu-lation was illegal, but the money had already been spent. Now, the money has already been spent, 96 percent reduction has oc-curred, and now the EPA is coming back with a new regulation. So these people involved, they have no avenue. I mean, they are talking to EPA, pleading with EPA, and EPA, as usual, is not responsive. So all this legislation does is say, we are not trying to reverse the regula-tion, change the regulation. We are simply saying, let the Court decide. And guess what? A pattern is also developing over at EPA because they are losing these court cases. Now, on the Clean Energy Plan, which was one of the most extreme reg-ulations ever to come from EPA, 3 days before Judge Scalia died, the Supreme Court issued a stay on the Clean En-ergy Plan, saying that you cannot im-plement this plan until the judicial remedies have been exhausted. Then, even under Utility MACT, that also went to the Supreme Court, and the Court said, well, you didn’t con-sider certain costs; we are remanding this. But most of the industries have already spent the money, met the re-quirements, and some of them have closed as well. So the question becomes, are we going to let an EPA adopting extreme rules under this administration make all the decisions? Or will the Congress of the United States try to stand up and pass some legislation, not reversing, not chang-ing, but simply saying, since lawsuits have been filed, let’s give the Court the opportunity to determine if the regula-tion is legal or not legal? So that is all we are doing here. I want to thank those who introduced this legislation, both the Democrats and Republicans. And I would urge our colleagues to pass this legislation, to simply provide some commonsense bal-ance, and let the courts make a deci-sion before we require the companies to spend all this money and, in many cases, lay off employees and, in some cases, even close the business. So I would urge the passage of H.R. 4557. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I voted against H.R. 4557, the Blocking Regulatory In-terference from Closing Kilns Act of 2016, yet another bill in a series of Republican attempts to block EPA’s ability to effectively regulate pollution in a way that protects our health and the environment. H.R. 4557 would delay the enactment of an important rule limiting mercury and other haz-ardous pollution from clay and brick products production facilities. I was disappointed to see it pass the House, but I know that President Obama and Democrats in the Senate will en-sure that this misguided bill does not become law this year. The Clean Air Act requires the EPA to es-tablish standards for pollution from all indus-trial sectors, and many other sectors are al-ready complying to improve air quality. There is no reason to further delay this rule, and no reason for this legislation. I am hopeful that House Republicans will drop its obsession with pro-pollution bills and allow us to get to work on a budget and bills that will improve the lives of Oregonians. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, we have the op-portunity today to help many struggling small businesses and the jobs they support by vot-ing yes on H.R. 4557, the BRICK Act. How did we get here? Last October, the EPA finalized an extremely stringent new rule for the brick making industry. Most of the com-panies that find themselves threatened by this rule are small businesses—many are family- owned—and the industry is still dealing with the effects of the recession and the weak re-covery that continues to suppress demand for bricks and other building materials. Few, if any, brick makers can easily afford the esti-mated $4.4 million dollars it will take to bring a typical facility into compliance and the indus-try is currently challenging the rule in federal court. The BRICK Act simply extends the compli-ance deadlines for the rule until after judicial review is complete. This commonsense step would prevent brick makers from having to ini-tiate costly and potentially irreversible compli-ance steps—and in some cases shut their doors entirely and lay off workers—over a rule whose legality is still in question. This is far from a hypothetical concern. EPA’s last set of Brick standards in 2003 were vacated by a federal court in 2007, but by that time the industry had already been forced to spend millions on compliance. None of us want to see that happen again. It’s a matter of fairness. It’s a matter of commonsense. For the sake of brick makers and their thou-sands of employees across the country, in-cluding nearly 2,000 in Michigan I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the BRICK Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 635, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, on that, I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 238, nays 163, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 109] YEAS—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.027 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1134 March 3, 2016 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—163 
Adams Aguilar Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—32 
Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Burgess Ca´rdenas Chabot Cleaver Costa Edwards Garrett Graves (GA) Green, Gene Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer Kirkpatrick McCaul Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Pascrell Price, Tom Richmond Roybal-Allard Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Smith (WA) Speier Thompson (PA) Westmoreland 
b1140 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN, Messrs. MARCHANT and ZELDIN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 109, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 109, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent on Thursday, March 3, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following ways: Vote ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 106—Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 4557. Vote ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 107—H. Res. 635—Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 4557—Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act of 2016. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall No. 108—S. 1826—To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Of-fice. Vote ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 109—Passage of H.R. 4557—Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act of 2016. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for votes due to official business outside of Wash-ington, D.C. If I were present, I would vote in the fol-lowing manner on the following votes: (1) Previous Question—‘‘yes.’’ (2) Adoption of the Rule—‘‘yes.’’ (3) S. 1826—To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office—‘‘yes.’’ (4) H.R. 4557, Blocking Regulatory Inter-ference from Closing Kilns Act—‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL The unfinished business is the ques-tion on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 217, noes 154, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 61, as follows: 
[Roll No. 110] AYES—217 
Abraham Adams Allen Ashford Barletta Barr Becerra Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cooper Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Griffith Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Huffman Hultgren Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (NY) Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lipinski Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Ratcliffe Ribble Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.003 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1135 March 3, 2016 
NOES—154 
Aderholt Aguilar Amash Babin Barton Bass Bera Blum Bost Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Conaway Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Dold Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Gibson Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Guinta Gutie´rrez Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Honda Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Knight Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Love Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent Pallone Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Smith (MO) Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walker Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Westerman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—61 
Amodei Beatty Benishek Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Ca´rdenas Collins (GA) Cook Costa Courtney Crawford Duncan (TN) Edwards Gibbs Gohmert Granger Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Hanna Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hinojosa Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Hunter Hurt (VA) Keating King (IA) Kirkpatrick Larsen (WA) Loebsack McCaul Mica Miller (MI) Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Palazzo Pascrell Payne Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Roskam Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Simpson Sires Smith (WA) Trott Westmoreland 
b1148 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present in the House Chamber for cer-tain rollcall votes on February 26th and the week of February 29 through March 3, 2016. Had I been present on those dates, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ for rollcalls 100, 102, 103, 104, 105, 108, and 110 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcalls 101, 106, 107, and 109. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on Thursday, March 3, 2016, due to important events being held today in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consider-ation of H.R. 4557, the Blocking Regulatory In-terference from Losing Kilns Act, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On H. Res. 635, the Rule providing for con-sideration of H.R. 4557, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On S. 1826, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On passage of H.R. 4557, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Losing Kilns Act of 2016, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On the Journal Vote, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I was absent due to illness and was not present for roll call votes on Thursday, March 3, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: Rollcall Vote No. 106—Ordering the Pre-vious Question on H. Res. 635—the rule pro-viding for consideration of H.R. 4557—Block-ing Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2016—‘‘no.’’ Rollcall Vote No. 107—Adoption of H. Res. 635—the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 4557—Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2016—‘‘no.’’ Rollcall Vote No. 108—S. 1826 To des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office Office— ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall Vote No. 109—Passage of H.R. 4557—Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 1016—‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall Vote No. 110—Journal—‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, February 29; Tuesday, March 1; Wednesday, March 2; and Thursday, March 3, 2016, I was on medical leave while recovering from hip replacement surgery and unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 102 (on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4238). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 103 (on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 136). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 104 (on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3735). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 105 (on passage of H.R. 3716). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 106 (on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 635). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 107 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 635). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 108 (on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass S. 1826). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 109 (on passage of H.R. 4557). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 110 (on approving the journal). f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2016, TO MONDAY, MARCH 7, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Monday next. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. 
f 
BLOCKING REGULATORY INTER-FERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, the Presi-dent has a history of legislating through government agencies, and his flavor of the week continues to be the EPA. Using faceless EPA bureaucrats, this administration issues new rules and regulations daily, passing them out like candy. Not only are they costly and time-consuming, these rules affect the heart of America’s prosperity and economic growth: our small businesses. I rise today in support of legislation that works to block the overreaching hand of this administration and pro-tects Americans and American busi-nesses from more burdensome regula-tions. The BRICK Act delays a harmful EPA rule from being implemented until all judicial review has been com-pleted. To me, this legislation is plain common sense. Congress needs to stand up to this ad-ministration, which continues to legis-late outside its jurisdiction, and in-creasingly, the courts confirm my claims. The legislative process begins and ends with Congress. I commend my colleagues today for passing the BRICK Act to prove we will stand up to Wash-ington agencies that overstep their boundaries. 
f 
NO BUDGET, NO PAY (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I ran for Congress on the idea of no budget, no pay. If Congress can’t do its job and pass a budget, they don’t deserve a paycheck. No hardworking American gets paid for not doing their job. So why should we? Just a few months ago we passed a bipartisan 2-year budget agreement that moved us away from the harmful sequester. Now many of my colleagues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.004 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1136 March 3, 2016 
on the other side of the aisle are threatening to go back on that agree-ment and keep us from having a budget at all. That is what gridlock looks like, and that is what people hate about Congress. What are we going to do to fix it? Come in to work 10 days in the entire month of March. Maybe if we came to work, we could debate and pass a budg-et and spending bills that will spur eco-nomic growth and create high-quality jobs. But, instead, we have 2 months on the calendar this year where we don’t come to work at all, even once. A 5-day workweek is expected from most Amer-icans. Why should Congress be any dif-ferent? 
f 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate March as Women’s History Month. As this month is also Red Cross Month, I want to recognize one woman in particular: Clara Barton. Ms. Barton was a nurse during the Civil War and a teacher before found-ing the American Red Cross in 1881. She then served as the organization’s first president. Her compassion and ac-complishments are truly inspiring, and her work has literally helped millions. Unfortunately, in our society today, women make up less than 5 percent of CEOs and are equally underrepresented in other areas. As a father of two daughters, ensuring that young women can achieve anything that they set their mind to is personal for me. In the 10th Congressional District, we run a Young Women’s Leadership Academy. This program is designed to help young women develop the leader-ship skills necessary to overcome any and all challenges thrown their way. This unique program gives young women the opportunity to learn from other inspiring female leaders, such as our own colleague, Congresswoman E
LISE STEFANIK , the youngest woman ever elected to the United States Con-gress. I encourage all of my colleagues to start similar programs in their district so that we can all do our part to help inspire young women to become leaders in their chosen fields. Of course, this is just a small part of the solution. As we celebrate the in-spiring achievements of women this month, we must rededicate ourselves to doing more to tear down barriers and ensure gender equality in our country. 
f 
HONORING EDWARD CHOW, JR. (Ms. DUCKWORTH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Cap-tain Edward Chow, Jr., a decorated Army veteran who was awarded the Bronze Star for his selfless service in the Vietnam war. True to his character, Ed’s service to our great Nation did not end after the war. Out of uniform, Ed has continued serving his fellow Americans, dedi-cating his life to supporting fellow vets. Ed’s illustrious public service career culminated in leading the State of Maryland’s Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Under Secretary Chow’s leader-ship, the Department enhanced claims processing and improved the quality of its veterans’ homes. As Ed’s friend, I witnessed his dedica-tion and passion for helping the men and women who defended our country. Ed never hesitated to help whenever I called him on behalf of a veteran need-ing assistance. I, like so many others, thank Ed for his admirable career of military and public service and want him to know his legacy will endure. f 
M&M’s 75TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. GARRETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of an iconic American candy first made in the great State of New Jersey. On March 3, 1941, in Newark, New Jersey, Mars began producing M&Ms as military rations for those serving in World War II. Over the 75 years since their founding, M&Ms grew to become an internationally recognized brand and a symbol of American innovation and quality. To this day, Mars continues to produce M&Ms in my district in Hackettstown, New Jersey. New Jersey is also home to Mars Global Chocolate headquarters, and they operate four fa-cilities in a State employing over 1,700 associates. Mars has remained active in New Jer-sey communities over the years, and I applaud their philanthropic endeavors and their commitment to our local towns. No doubt New Jersey is a sweet-er place because of M&Ms. On behalf of the Fifth District of New Jersey, I am pleased to have the oppor-tunity to recognize this extraordinary anniversary for M&Ms. 
f 
HONORING JAMES V. KIMSEY (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, America and the world lost an indefatigable champion, a distinguished gentleman, and a charismatic friend with the death of James V. Kimsey this past Tuesday. Jim was larger than life. Everything Jim touched has become part of the history and culture of our community. From Bullfeathers to AOL, from his home above the Potomac to the or-phanages in Vietnam, from the Ken-nedy Center to the International Com-mission on Missing Persons, Jim Kimsey has been a transformational leader. Despite his too-short life, Jim’s re´sume´is long and deep: founder and CEO of AOL, chairman of Refugees International, Library of Congress Trust Fund Board, Executive Com-mittee of the National Symphony Or-chestra, Kennedy Center Board of Trustees, West Point Board of Visitors, an Army tour in the Dominican Repub-lic and two in Vietnam, the Army Ranger Hall of Fame, and so much more. But for Jim’s myriad of friends, he was so much more than a list of achievements. He was visionary, stra-tegic, generous, mischievous, and al-ways had a smile on his face. Who else could be tossed out of Gon-zaga College High School 2 months be-fore graduation, graduate from our archrival St. John’s College High School, and still be a generous and loyal Gonzaga friend for decades to come? Jim’s funeral will be this Saturday at the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apos-tle in Washington, D.C. We will all miss you for a long time. f 
b1200 WHEN WEAKNESS IS PROVOCATIVE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives began hearings to look into Planned Parenthood’s harvesting and trafficking of human body parts, which was revealed in a series of undercover videos last year. These were videos that even Democrat Presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton, in her words, ‘‘obviously found disturbing.’’ Since the release of the videos last year, some have rushed to defend the organization, and Planned Parenthood and its allies have been in full damage control mode. Among the more bizarre defenses has been that the videos were heavily edited, as if the statements made by Planned Parenthood officials and a worker who harvested body parts really aren’t what they appear to be. I do not serve on this select com-mittee, but if I did, I would really want to take a hard look at that defense. The term ‘‘heavily edited’’ suggests that important, qualifying context may have been omitted in these videos; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.032 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1137 March 3, 2016 
but I struggle, Mr. Speaker, with try-ing to understand any context that would soften the language in these tapes. For example, in what context is this okay? ‘‘We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I am not going to crush that part.’’ What about: ‘‘A lot of people want in-tact hearts these days,’’ or ‘‘always as many intact livers as possible’’? Do the defenders of Planned Parent-hood think that they are talking about chicken hearts or livers at a butcher shop as opposed to baby body parts? Just in what context does this sound right? ‘‘Yesterday was the first time she said people wanted lungs.’’ How about: ‘‘Some people want lower extremities, too’’—that would be legs. ‘‘I don’t know what they’re doing with it. I guess they want the muscle’’? Again, Mr. Speaker, what is the situ-ation in which these statements would not shock a sensitive conscience? What about this line? When is this an acceptable statement? ‘‘Using a ‘less crunchy’ technique to get more whole specimens.’’ In that phrase, the context is you have a Planned Parenthood official who is talking about a ‘‘less crunchy’’ type of abortion, which begs the obvi-ous question: What does that even mean? Can anyone who defends Planned Parenthood give me the context in which this sounds good? ‘‘I know I’ve seen livers; I’ve seen stomachs; I’ve seen plenty of neural tissue. Usually you can see the whole brain, usually, come out.’’ What about: ‘‘I don’t think it would be as war torn’’ when discussing what fetal remains look like during a second trimester abortion? What would that sentence sound like in an unedited video? At one point in a video, a clinic worker brings in another fetal body, saying, ‘‘And another boy.’’ A boy. In another context, you might hear ‘‘and another boy’’ if a mom is giving birth to twin sons, but that is obviously not the context of these videos. Finally, Mr. Speaker, can someone please tell me the context in which this dialogue does not mean what it says? ‘‘This is a really good fetus, and it looks like we can procure a lot from it . . . we’re going to procure brain.’’ Fur-ther: ‘‘So she gave me the scissors and she told me I have to cut down the middle of the face; and I can’t even, like, describe, like, what that feels like. And I remember picking it up and finishing going through the rest of the face and just picking up the brain and putting it in a container . . . and I’m just sitting there, like, what did I just do?’’ What is the context in which these words might not be what they seem? I can think of one: perhaps if you had a screenwriter who was talking about a new horror film she was writing. But this is no horror film, Mr. Speak-er. These words are direct quotes from a technician who is engaged in a real- world practice that is appalling, bar-baric, and indefensible—the harvesting of fetal body parts for money. It is not easy to come to the floor of the House to speak these words. I would prefer not to. It is uncomfort-able to listen to these words, and many people would prefer not to hear them. If that is the case, Mr. Speaker—if I don’t like talking about this and if peo-ple don’t like hearing about it—why, for goodness sake, are we allowing hard-working taxpayers’ dollars to go to the organization that is responsible for them? We are a better nation than what is revealed in these videos. There are 13,000 other health clinics that are ca-pable of providing health care for women, clinics which do not perform abortions. It is past time that the $500 million in Federal dollars that Planned Parenthood receives every year be redi-rected to those clinics. I thank the gentleman from Texas. 
WHEN WEAKNESS IS PROVOCATIVE  
Mr. GOHMERT. I thank Mr. R
OTHFUS , my friend from Pennsyl-vania. He is exactly right. We have so many people across this Nation who understand the tragedy of taking a child’s life before it is fully born. Mr. Speaker, I know there are some people, like our friend Donald Trump, who say Planned Parenthood has done a lot more good; but the trouble is, so often, Planned Parenthood takes money from the Federal Government and then just refers the women out. Of course, that has been perpetuated by this administration in its making it sound like Planned Parenthood does mammograms and other things that they don’t do. They refer people to other people. Why not have that money not get held up at Planned Parenthood? Why not have that money go directly to the thousands of healthcare providers that actually provide the care that the women are seeking and not have it go to Planned Parenthood so that they can get money from the government and then keep their abortion business going? That also leads right into this article today from the National Review, Jim Geraghty, regarding ObamaCare. Head-line: ‘‘Deductibles Increased in 41 States under ObamaCare.’’ It reads: 
Freedom Partners unveils a new ‘Deductibles Tracker’ showing how much deductibles have increased, on average, in each State. I know this will shock you, but most people are finding their deductibles are going up and, in some cases, way up. Their analysis shows deductibles have in-creased in 41 States under ObamaCare—in some States, like Mississippi, by over $1,000. Seventeen States, representing over half of total exchange enrollment, are seeing dou-ble-digit spikes. The largest increases were in Mississippi, which went up 39 percent; Washington State went up 31 percent; South Carolina went up 26 percent; Louisiana went up 24 percent; Florida went up 23 percent; Minnesota and Vermont went up 22 percent; Arizona went up 21 percent; North Carolina went up 20 percent. Mr. Speaker, what makes it so in-credibly difficult is knowing there are Federal dollars that are being used for abortion and being used for purposes that are against the religious beliefs of so many Americans. When we think that the whole object we were told for having ObamaCare and passing it against the will of the majority of the American people was so that we could make sure everybody had insurance, now it appears that there has not been much change in the net number of peo-ple covered under insurance. Oh, yes, it is true. There are some people who were paying for their insur-ance who no longer have it—they can’t afford it anymore. It is true that we have some people who were not paying for it who are having it provided now, but it really appears to have been more a transfer of working people’s money to people who were not working. It appears that we have been moving into a socialist agenda for some time, and that goes back to what President Obama said when he first ran, telling ‘‘Joe the Plumber’’ that he wanted it to be about spreading the wealth around. The pilgrims found out that, at least in this world, if you try to share and share alike—the Early New Testa-ment tried it, and it didn’t work—and if you start allowing people who are not working to have the same benefits as those who work, you will have more and more people who are not working. I hear from so many of my constitu-ents—I know I hear from others of my friends here in Congress—that con-stituents are hurting. Their insurance is costing more, and like this article points out, the deductibles have gone higher. Ask one of my staff, who is not making very much. If you make $30,000 and if you have a deductible of $6,000 as a healthy young person, what that basically means is that every dime you are paying into health care is not going to help your health care whatsoever. You are paying for the new IRS agents, the new navi-gators, and the new government union workers who will never spray Bactine on anybody’s cut, who will never put a Band-Aid on. They will just keep add-ing forms, adding requirements, taking more time away from the true healthcare providers and more money away from the true healthcare pro-viders for bureaucrats. I know, back when I was an exchange student in the Soviet Union and when I went and toured some of the most up- to-date facilities in what was the So-viet Union at the time, I thanked God that I lived in America. I thanked God that we had such incredible health care and that I didn’t have to rely on what appeared to have been 30- or 40-year-old antiquated healthcare methods and equipment for my health care. Even living in the small town of Mount Pleasant, as I did, I knew we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.034 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1138 March 3, 2016 
had a lot better healthcare facilities in my hometown where I was growing up than they did in one of the largest cit-ies—well, the largest city in Ukraine— Kiev, where I toured facilities. I toured a medical school and I couldn’t believe how far behind our medical schools that they were. It is what happens when you continue moving towards socialized health care. I know Mr. Trump, initially, wanted the government to provide everybody’s health care, but apparently in his being informed that conservatives don’t like that, he is now saying no, that that is not where he is going. We know that President Obama, back before he was President, was caught on video saying that we want to go to sin-gle payer—in other words, socialized medicine—where the government is in charge of everybody’s health care. I know I have got conservative friends who say, L
OUIE, we don’t have to worry. We don’t have to fight ObamaCare, because socialized medi-cine always fails. They are wrong. So-cialism always fails. As Margaret Thatcher said, eventually, you run out of other people’s money. You incentivize not working and pe-nalize working, and that is what we are doing here in America now. We are moving in that direction, toward so-cialism. The only time true capitalism, true free liberty, entrepreneurism in the marketplace fails is when it starts moving into socialist tendencies and adopting socialist ways. Then that can spell doom for capitalism, those who want to have a dictatorial Federal na-tional government. That is where they want to see things go. b1215 But it is ironic that when a free mar-ket society struggles, it is when they start incorporating socialist tendencies and rewarding improper conduct or nonworking. Then you have a lot more people not working. You incentivize people not to hire. You penalize people for hiring. You pe-nalize people for hiring more than 50 people, like ObamaCare does. I have talked to people that still say that they could hire more, but they are not going to because of ObamaCare. That means there are people walking around today going from business to business, looking for a job that will not find that business that will hire them because of ObamaCare. When you have young people with 5-, 6-, $7,000 deductible health insur-ance, they are paying for the bureauc-racy. They are not paying for health care. Apparently, some religious beliefs dictate against birth control. Mine doesn’t, my Christian beliefs. But I ab-solutely respect the religious beliefs of those who are against it. They should not have to pay for people to violate their religious beliefs. That used to be the way this country grew and was blessed by God. But as we turn further and further away from what was a blessing to America, then the world hurts. I have seen it in Afri-ca, the Middle East, Asia, South Amer-ica. When we are not strong—as I have said numerous times, quoting a South African gentleman: When you get weak, we suffer. Please tell people in Washington to quit getting weaker. We suffer when you are weaker. These kind of programs, ObamaCare, make us weaker. When we provide the resources, the ability for the largest supporter of terrorism in the world to have over $100 billion, which they say some of it is for sure going to be spent on more terrorism, that is the kind of activity that will not be blessed. That is the kind of activity that brings a na-tion’s demise. So health care is costing more. Deductibles are going up. People are paying more for higher deductibles, less coverage. Yes. There are some who, because of the government sub-sidies, are saying: Well, mine’s a little less than it was before. But the people that are working are paying more, and it is devastating. Mr. Speaker, it is critical that those of us who have a voice in this city make our voices heard for those in our districts. You can’t be listening to the talking heads in this town and think you have heard from America. I mean, look at Politico. Last week they said I had a close race. Tuesday, with one opponent spending tremen-dously more than I did, two opponents, I won with 82 percent. So that is what Politico calls a close race. Mr. Speaker, I know that I didn’t win with 82 percent because of my looks and certainly not because of the way I sound. It is because I make my voice heard for the huge majority of people in east Texas with all the common sense they have got. That is what I am hearing from them. They are outraged that we have al-lowed ObamaCare to last as long as it has. They are suffering. They are out-raged that this administration has turned on our friend, Israel, and seeing that Iran is rewarded for their massive misconduct, as they have continued to be the largest supporter of terrorism in the world, with this administration as an accomplice, as an enabler. There are consequences to nations and govern-ments that enable crime and mis-conduct and terrorism and abuse. For those who believe in the Bible, it was Hosea. God was explaining why he was about to come down on the chil-dren of Israel. I love the rather loose translation when he says that it is be-cause they have selected leaders who were not my choice. So people around the country can say all they want: Well, this President is not my President. This Governor is not my Governor. This person is not my elected representative. I don’t agree with them. But every-one in the country will suffer the con-sequences of poor choices as leaders. That is the way self-government works. Now, I have been reporting, Mr. Speaker, from this very podium for years about the misuse and abuse and providing our security by Homeland Security. I am very grateful to Judicial Watch. In their lawsuit against Homeland Se-curity, they have been able to obtain records that verify what some of us have known to be true because of whis-tleblowers providing us information. While some, whether CNN and other places, belittle what we have said, we knew what we were talking about, but we couldn’t give the sources. Judicial Watch. This headline says: ‘‘Homeland Security Records Reveal Officials Ordered Terrorist Watch List Scrubbed.’’ It says: ‘‘Judicial Watch announced today that it obtained 183 pages of doc-uments from the Department of Home-land Security revealing that the Obama administration scrubbed the law enforcement agency’s ‘Terrorist Screening Database’ in order to protect what it considered the civil rights of suspected Islamic terrorist groups. The documents appear to confirm charges that Obama administration changes created a massive ‘hands off’ list. Re-moved data from the terrorist watch list could have helped prevent the San Bernardino terrorist attack.’’ Mr. Speaker, I would also submit that we have seen the email—I believe Senator G
RASSLEY requested more in-formation about it. To my knowledge, we have not seen additional explanations or information about the email about a person’s ter-rorist ties, indication that he was a radical Islamist. The email response was: Oh, this guy’s on the Secretary of Homeland Security’s hands-off list. We have read stories about the White House allowing at least one or more in-dividuals with terrorist ties to come to the White House. There are con-sequences for ignoring the law, ignor-ing the lawbreakers, and not pro-tecting our homeland. The article says: ‘‘The new documents were produced in response to a Judicial Watch Feb-ruary 2015 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit filed back on February 13, 2015.’’ It should be noted, I mean, that that is over a year ago. The Freedom of In-formation Act request should have been answered promptly, but this ad-ministration is too caught up in trying to cover up their own tracks. That is why we haven’t even gotten the Attorney General to provide Mem-bers of Congress the documents show-ing support for terrorism, the boxes of documents that were provided to peo-ple who were convicted of supporting terrorism. The Justice Department provided it to them. I have asked repeatedly, and the most I have gotten is reference to a few Web sites. They covered up their own wrong-doing. They have covered up ties to terrorism. They have covered up for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.035 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1139 March 3, 2016 
people who have supported terrorism. And there are consequences for that. You learn more when you leave this town, Washington, D.C. But when you have people in Africa, Egypt, Jordan, UAE, India, and Af-ghanistan telling you that your admin-istration in America is supporting vio-lence by not standing up against rad-ical Islam and when you hear that from Muslim leaders who recognize the fail-ures of this administration, then you know that the whole world is seeing what is going on and it is only here that people have become so blind. I know there are people in the Repub-lican establishment that just cannot believe that a man like Trump, who has spent his whole life taking one po-sition, could be leading so big in dif-ferent contests. And, yes, my friend T
EDCRUZ is doing quite well. It is nice to see some-body that has been consistently doing well. But around the world they see what is going on. The Republican establishment doesn’t seem to understand. People are furious. They are furious about ObamaCare. They are furious that we turned on our friend, Israel. They are furious that we have enabled Iran to continue their terrorist ways. All of this at the same time—of course, this was—Donald Trump’s big issue that shot him to the top is border security. This article from today from KRWG News, ‘‘Border Crime Taking A Toll On Residents In Southwest New Mexico, Arizona,’’ says: ‘‘Residents of New Mexico’s Bootheel and parts of south-ern Arizona say human smuggling and drug trafficking is taking its toll on the region. ‘‘The Deming Headlight reports that residents are scheduled Thursday to ex-press their concerns to Federal offi-cials during a meeting at the Animas Community Center in Animas, New Mexico. ‘‘Judy Keeler, a longtime resident of the rural border region, says her home was recently burglarized and it’s not an unusual episode for other residents. ‘‘Residents have said State Highway 80 has become a favorite for Mexican cartel drug runners who manage to navigate out of the Peloncillo Moun-tains along the Arizona-New Mexico border. They want an even more in-creased presence from the U.S. Border Patrol.’’ Apparently, they are not going to get it. We still hear people say there is no way to secure our entire border, but this brings back a recollection in his-tory. One of my least favorite Presidents, Woodrow Wilson, secured the border after Pancho Villa had some of his thugs come across the border and kill American families. Americans back then with good sense said: We can’t have that. They spurred the President on until he sent tens of thousands of what we call National Guard troops now, and they secured the border. Nobody came across our border that we did not want to come across. He did it back in the early 1900s, and we can’t do it now. Well, the truth is, Mr. Speaker, we could do it now, but you have to have an administration with the will to pro-vide for the common defense of the American people. Instead, we have enabled a massive amount of crime across the border re-gions that is spilling into other areas of the country. Drugs are spreading around the country. We have heard, also, from the FBI Di-rector himself. There are ISIS cells, and there are ISIS investigations in every State in the Union. So when are they going to be triggered? We know that, when they are trig-gered with reports like we have just read here, the administration has con-tinued to cleanse our Homeland Secu-rity records to purge training material for the FBI, for Intelligence, for Home-land Security so they don’t actually learn exactly what radical Islam is. They don’t actually learn the verses in the Koran that are relied upon by rad-ical Islamists. When we do finally have a Muslim leader like President Sissi in Egypt, who stands up in front of a room of Muslim imams and demands that they take back their region from the radical Islamists, this administration chooses to try to punish him and not help him, like this administration did, and want-ed to do more for the Muslim Brother-hood. b1230 I am tired of hearing from foreign Muslim leaders their question: Why is your country still helping the Muslim Brotherhood? Don’t they know? Don’t you know? The Muslim Brotherhood has been at war with you since 1979, and you keep helping them. Well, that is the way you lose a coun-try. You lose it. We have got our choice. Fiscal irresponsibility, which is immoral. Instead of doing like all pre-ceding generations in this country, which have always had as their theme, ‘‘we want to make our country better for our children than we had it,’’ now we have gone through a couple of gen-erations who have said: You know what? Forget the future generations. We want future generations’ money spent on us now. Fifty years ago, seventy-five years ago, one hundred years ago, even when cars were first invented, you would not have seen a bumper sticker like is not uncommon today, retired persons say, ‘‘We are spending our children’s inher-itance.’’ You wouldn’t see that because they wanted to make the country bet-ter than they had it. Mr. Speaker, I know you personally, and you and I and our colleagues, we talk about it. We have talked about it today—heated conference—because we want a better country even than we have had with more opportunity, more freedoms, as we see freedom slipping away. Adam Kredo has a story here: ‘‘The flow of illegal immigrant chil-dren into the United States is expected to rise to record-breaking numbers in 2016 as deportations decrease, accord-ing to leading members of the Senate’s Judiciary Committee. ‘‘At least 20,455 unaccompanied mi-nors have been caught during fiscal year 2016 along the U.S.-Mexico border as of last month, according to Com-mittee Chairman Senator CHUCK  G
RASSLEY , who warned that if this trend continues, the number of illegal minors could eclipse a massive 2014 surge that strained the resources of the Department of Homeland Security and prompted investigations into the Obama administration’s handling of the issue.’’ Now, one of many problems is you have people that are coming to Amer-ica because there are more opportuni-ties here, which begs the question: Why are there more opportunities here than there are in their home country? When you analyze the situation, what you find is the reason they don’t have businesses booming in their home country is because of graft or corrup-tion or a corrupt government or a dic-tatorship because, as the old saying goes, ‘‘capital is a coward.’’ Money to capitalize or invest always goes to where it feels safest—that is why it is ‘‘capital is a coward’’—and it is not very safe in countries where the government is corrupt, the rule of law is not applied across the board, and the laws are not enforced across the board. One of the great ironies in the world right now is that people are leaving countries where there is violence and the rule of law is not enforced. They are coming to America where, for most of our history, we have done a better job than most any country ever in en-forcing the law across the board. Once here illegally, those same peo-ple are saying: Now that we are here, we want you not to enforce the law across the board. We want you to ig-nore your law on immigration and law on becoming citizens. Ignore it. If we do that, it will make us like the corrupt countries they came from and make us a land of no opportunity, where people will have to go to some other country where they enforce the law. I have had even Members of Congress say: Well, if it all goes bad, we will all pack up and head to Australia. But I was talking to some people from Aus-tralia this year, and I mentioned that to them, and they didn’t laugh. They looked very somber. They said: You know, if something happens to the United States, you are not going to be coming to Australia, because China will take us over like that. If the United States is not stand-ing strong, they said, our country, Aus-tralia, will be gone. China would grab us up in a heartbeat. It is important that America stand strong. You can’t stand strong when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.036 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1140 March 3, 2016 
you are financially bankrupt. You can’t stand strong when you are mor-ally bankrupt. We seem to have our choice of ways we could meet our de-mise. Our military is being degraded under this administration, the Navy going back to its size back in—was it?—the early 1900s before World War I. Weak-ness is provocative. I haven’t heard anybody else notice. Maybe there is no correlation; maybe there is. It seems historically, from my study of history, that when a nation’s enemy sees that nation’s biggest friend pull-ing away and not being as good a friend, then that enemy is provoked to attack. But it was in May of 2010 when this administration sided with Israel’s enemies in demanding that Israel dis-close all their weapons systems, includ-ing any potential nukes. I was shocked by that. The United States had never sided with all of Israel’s enemies like that before. I thought about the Bible story of King Hezekiah when the Babylonian leaders had come to visit and schmoozed with him, and Isaiah asked him: What have you done with the Bab-ylonian leaders? Of course, this is a Texas paraphrased version, but he bragged about: I have taken them and shown them all of our treasure. The most literal translation from the He-brew says: And I showed them all the defenses we have in our arsenal, our ar-mory. Isaiah explained: You are going to lose the country. You don’t show your enemy—you don’t even show your friends—all of your defenses, and yet we were de-manding that of Israel. Within 48 hours, Israel’s enemies launched a flo-tilla to go challenge the lawful block-ade of the Gaza Strip. All that Israel was doing was trying to prevent more rockets from going in because the rockets were being launched at them every day—totally legal. They were trying to defend themselves against rocket attacks and created a terrible situation at the blockade. But as America continues to help fund Iran’s desire to support terrorism, and as this administration has turned its back on nations like Nigeria, Ethi-opia, Kenya, I hear from leaders in those countries where they say: You know, all we wanted was a little help against our enemy. Of course, in Nigeria, having been there and having met with so many of the parents of girls who were kid-napped by Boko Haram, radical Islamists, we then hear that our ad-ministration here says: Oh, yeah, we will give you some help, but you have got to change your religious beliefs. You have got to change your laws so it supports same-sex marriage and you fund abortion, and then we will give you more help. The President in Kenya basically said at a news conference, in effect: You take care of your country. You are not going to come tell us what our reli-gious beliefs and laws should be. As a Nigerian Catholic bishop stated: Our religious beliefs are not for sale— not to President Obama, not to any-body. But there are consequences in world history when one nation tries to de-stroy the religious beliefs of another country—their closely, firmly held re-ligious beliefs. There are consequences when a nation forgets to say: Thank You, God, for all of our blessings. Thank You, God, for protecting us. Thank You for allowing us to live in the greatest country, a country in which there is more opportunity, more assets per person than anywhere in the world. This is the one country where the number one health problem for our Na-tion’s poor is obesity. It is a terrible problem that we need to deal with. But where in history do you have a country where the nation’s poor have, as their number one health problem, obesity? This Nation has been blessed beyond anything that people could have ever dreamed when this Nation was founded. But the Founders did see one thing. They saw the threat of giving more and more power to a Federal Government. I was fortunate to call Justice Scalia a friend. A group of seniors from my hometown of Tyler, Texas, from my church, Green Acres Baptist, came up to Washington, D.C. They said: Hey, you are supposed to be friends with Justice Scalia. We would love to meet him. That is one thing we really want to do in Washington. So I called over, and Justice Scalia, bless his heart, he said: Sure, come on over. So they arranged it. We had the meeting. He walks in. They are all seated there, the seniors from my church, and Justice Scalia could be very talkative. I treasure meals with him, exchanging jokes and stories. It made you feel good about the world. He walks in and leans up against the table at the front: So, you want to meet me. What is your question? What questions have you got? It kind of took them by surprise. One said: Do you think we are the freest Nation in history because of our Bill of Rights? Justice Scalia, in his inimitable style, said: Oh, gosh, no. No. The So-viet Union had a better Bill of Rights than we did. I had forgotten. I made an A on a paper in college that I did about the Bill of Rights and the Constitution of the Soviet Union. Yeah, they were promised all kinds of rights, but the government was given the power to erode all of the rights that were said to be protected. He said: No. The reason that we are the freest country in history is because our Founders did not trust govern-ment, and so they wanted to make it as hard as possible to pass laws. See, the Founders thought that gridlock was a blessing, gridlock was a great thing, because it meant that, as people antici-pated passing laws, it would be tough because many laws regulate what you can and can’t do. The more laws you pass, just as this administration has shown the Amer-ican people, as it has set all-time records for the most pages of regula-tions—there are over 79,000 new pages of regulations every year. How can anybody make a living with that kind of regulation coming out year after year, certainly for the last 7? Incred-ible. The Founders knew that. They want-ed to make it hard for any govern-mental agency, any government bu-reaucracy to create laws that took away freedom because they had some libertarian tendencies. Justice Scalia, said: So they wanted it hard to pass laws, so what do they do? They create a legislature with two Houses, and certainly that was part of the compromise. But in England, the House of Lords is not particularly pow-erful, but they wanted both houses with the power to stop what the other one was doing. They wanted it very dif-ficult in one house to pass a law. I think they would cringe if they saw all the bills that are just passed with unanimous consent or on suspension that we do more and more and more, because they wanted it tough to pass laws. I have friends say: You guys should be in session more often. I say: You don’t know what you are asking for, because every day we are in session, we pass some new bill, we pass some new law. b1245 Many of those laws take away free-doms of Americans. The Founders knew that. That is why, Justice Scalia said, they created two Houses. If one House got a law through it, the other one could stop it cold. But that wasn’t enough to protect our freedom. We want an executive, but not one like a prime minister. The prime min-ister is elected by the legislature. We don’t want that. We want it tough. We want independence. So we are going to have a chief executive, a President, that is elected totally sepa-rate from the legislature. Even if the House and Senate finally agree on something, we will give him the power to just say: No. I am not going to let it happen. But that is not enough. We want more gridlock. So let’s create a judi-cial branch, as they did in Article III, that could turn around and say: No. The House, Senate, and the President may have agreed, but we don’t agree. It is not consistent with the Con-stitution. Justice Scalia said that is why we are the freest Nation in his-tory: because our Founders did not trust government. So, Mr. Speaker, it concerns me when I see voters begin to think that our hope is going to arrive on Air Force One. One of my greatest thrills was be-coming friends with Chuck Colson. As Chuck Colson said: Our hope will not arrive on Air Force One. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.038 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1141 March 3, 2016 
The old saying, the axiom, is true: democracy ensures a people are gov-erned no better than they deserve. If you want a good President, you have got to be a good country. An im-moral country is not going to elect a great leader. They are going to elect an immoral leader. When you see Christians who believe that the only way to the saving grace of Jesus is to ask for forgiveness and, as the Bible says, believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved, it is amazing to see Christian leaders saying they are going to put their faith in a guy that says he has never had to ask for forgiveness. But that was modified later to: Well, I don’t think God’s con-cerned with trivial things like that. If I were God, I wouldn’t be. But thank God I am not God. He seems to care about every individual. If you be-lieve the Bible, that is what it says. And then, if there is not enough bad news, this comes from KPNX today: ‘‘Attorney General Report: Possible smuggling trail between the Middle East and Arizona border.’’ We have talked about that before. Long before, the Attorney General in-dicated that there appeared to be a trail between the Middle East and the Arizona border. We have this story this week from Stephen Dinan from The Washington Times: ‘‘Top border chief to agents who object to Obama amnesty: ‘Look for another job.’’’ There you are, Mr. Speaker. When the head of the border agency says they are not going to enforce the laws that exist, then one of two things, ei-ther that is what the country deserves because it has become immoral and lawless or the country rises up and says: We will never have another ad-ministration like this. As long as we are alive, we are going to make sure we have an administration that enforces the law, no matter who it is. Apparently, since people govern no better than they deserve, we now find out that Hillary’s highly paid IT guru at the State Department had no actual national security experience. So, apparently, we elected an admin-istration that ensured people were gov-erned no better than they deserve and, apparently, they felt like we didn’t de-serve a State Department with na-tional security experience. Is it any wonder—I thank God—that there have been more Benghazis under that kind of attitude? One was too many. We see yesterday that the Justice Department grants immunity to the staffer who set up the Clinton email server. I have been a prosecutor. I have been a judge. I have been a chief jus-tice. When someone grants immunity, they are closing in on a prosecution. That is the intent. You don’t grant immunity to some-one and someone doesn’t normally seek immunity unless they are concerned that they may have violated the law. They seek immunity because they vio-lated the law. Immunity is granted when, with the prosecution, the investigators—in this case, the FBI—feel that laws are being violated. So we are going to grant im-munity to this person so that we can get the person further up. But I still maintain that, as long as Hillary Clinton does not condemn or expose the Obama administration to any of the truth about what went on in Benghazi and about the hands-off list of terrorists and homeland security, I do not see her getting indicted. It is a good insurance policy. Another article from the New York Times: ‘‘As Campaign Unfolds, So Do Inquiries Into Hillary Clinton’s Emails.’’ So many voters don’t seem to care. Why? Because people are governed no better than they deserve. If they are more concerned about themselves than their children, they are going to get what they deserve. Well, we had Mitt Romney come out today just before we voted condemning Donald Trump as phony and a fraud. Everybody knows that people across this country are furious with the estab-lishment. So if that idea was Donald Trump’s— to get Mitt Romney to come out and condemn him—it was a brilliant plan. Because that is like asking Marv Levy to tell you how to win the Super Bowl, after he lost four of them. In any event, Mr. Speaker, this coun-try is in grave danger. I was all over the 12 counties that I represent. This country has so many great citizens. They deserve better than what they are getting. I hope and pray the majority in the country will wake up and see the dan-gers to our own national defense, to our own national security, from gov-ernment intrusions into our private lives, from drugs that are coming in through Mexico, and from terrorists that are coming into this country. The FBI Director himself says we have got them in every State. We are in big trouble. It is time the American people woke up and said, as our parents did: We don’t care what has happened before. We are going to make sure this country is left in better shape, with more opportunity, than we had growing up. Mr. Speaker, we are going to have to hurry. The clock is ticking. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS AS CONGRESSIONAL ADVISORS ON TRADE POLICY AND NEGOTIA-TIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 161(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2211), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House as Congressional Ad-visors on Trade Policy and Negotia-tions: Mr. B
RADY , Texas Mr. REICHERT , Washington Mr. N
UNES , California 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of illness. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1596. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, March 7, 2016, at 4 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4551. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Il-linois; Base Year Emission Inventories for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard [EPA-R05- OAR-2014-0664; FRL-9943-33-Region 5] re-ceived March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4552. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Regional Haze Glatfelter BART SIP Revision [EPA-R05-OAR-2014-0362; FRL-9943-29-Region 5] received March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4553. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Base Year Emission Inventories for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard [EPA- R05-OAR-2014-0860; FRL-9943-31-Region 5] re-ceived March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4554. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Disapproval; Geor-gia: Disapproval of Automatic Rescission Clause [EPA-R04-OAR-2010-0816; FRL-9943-35- Region 4] received March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4555. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.040 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1142 March 3, 2016 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Alpha-[2,4,6-Tris[1- (phenyl)ethyl]phenyl]-Omega-hydroxy poly (oxyethylene) poly(oxypropylene) copolymer; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015- 0485; FRL-9942-48] received March 2, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4556. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Arizona Air Plan Revisions; Phoenix, Arizona; Second 10- Year Carbon Monoxide Maintenance Plan [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0645; FRL-9942-17-Region 9] received March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4557. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fluensulfone; Pesticide Tol-erance for Emergency Exemption [EPA-HQ- OPP-2015-0475; FRL-9942-10] received March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4558. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pendimethalin; Tolerance Actions; Corrections [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0194; EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0397; FRL-9942-24] received March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4559. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Penoxsulam; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0879; FRL-9940-36] received March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4560. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Rulemaking to Affirm In-terim Amendments to Dates in Federal Im-plementation Plans Addressing Interstate Transport of Ozone and Fine Particulate Matter [EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0491; FRL-9943-36- OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS40) received March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4561. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Zoxamide; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0922; FRL-9942-18] received March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4562. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Expanding Consumers’ Video Naviga-tion Choices [MB Docket No.: 16-42]; Com-mercial Availability of Navigation Devices [CS Docket No.: 97-80] received March 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4563. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Expansion of Online Public File Obli-gations to Cable and Satellite TV Operators and Broadcast and Satellite Radio Licensees [MB Docket No.: 14-127] received March 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4564. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Automotive Fuel Rat-ings, Certification and Posting (RIN: 3084- AB39) received March 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4565. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Chapter 11, Radioactive Waste Management [SRPs: 11.1; 11.2; 11.3; 11.4; 11.5] received March 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4566. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Probabilistic Risk Assess-ment and Severe Accident Evaluation for New Reactors [SRP Section 19.0] received March 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4567. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Chapter 11, Radioactive Waste Management [SRPs: BTP 11-3; BTP 11- 5; BTP 11-6] received March 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4568. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report prepared by the Department of State concerning inter-national agreements other than treaties en-tered into by the United States to be trans-mitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Zablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d) Public Law 92- 403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4569. A letter from the Board Members, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s calendar year 2015 annual report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552b(j); Public Law 94- 409, Sec. 3(a); (90 Stat. 1241); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4570. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers who were employed at Battelle Laboratories at the King Avenue site in Columbus, Ohio, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7384q(c)(2); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108-375, Sec. 3166(b)(1)); (118 Stat. 2188); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4571. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Regulated Navigation Area; Re-porting Requirements for Barges Loaded with Certain Dangerous Cargoes, Inland Riv-ers, Eighth Coast Guard District; Expiration of Stay (Suspension) and Administrative Changes [Docket No.: USCG-2013-0760] (RIN: 1625-AA11) received February 29, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4572. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pleas-ure Beach Bridge, Bridgeport, CT [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1088] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived February 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4573. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s no-tice of enforcement of regulation — Safety Zone; Circle Line Sightseeing Fireworks, Liberty Island, Upper New York Bay, Man-hattan, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1048] re-ceived February 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4574. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Navy UNDET, Apra Outer Harbor, GU [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1096] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received February 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4575. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River and Illinois River, MO and IL [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1121] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received February 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4576. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Regulated Naviga-tion Area, Kill Van Kull and Newark Bay; Bayonne, NJ, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2014- 0002] (RIN: 1625-AA11) received February 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4577. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Lamorinda Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015-0007; T.D. TTB- 133; Ref: Notice No.: 151] (RIN: 1513-AC17) re-ceived March 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4578. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Regulations Governing Organization of the Joint Board for the Enrollment of Actu-aries [TD 9749] (RIN: 1545-BM81) received February 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means and Education and the Workforce. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California): H.R. 4677. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03MR7.000 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1143 March 3, 2016 
provide death benefits for campus police offi-cers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. Y
OHO, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. S
ALMON ): H.R. 4678. A bill to prohibit modification, abrogation, abandonment, or other related actions with respect to United States juris-diction and control over United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without congressional action; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DENT (for himself and Mr. C
UELLAR ): H.R. 4679. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to eliminate straight- party voting from any voting system used for Federal elections; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 4680. A bill to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and pro-tecting the natural, historic, and cultural re-sources of our National Parks for the enjoy-ment of present and future generations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Agriculture, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 4681. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide greater support to students with dependents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Ms. E
SHOO ): H.R. 4682. A bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. Z ELDIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida, and Mr. G ALLEGO ): H.R. 4683. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a review of the characterization or terms of discharge from the Armed Forces of individuals with mental health disorders alleged to affect terms of discharge; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. K
ILMER , and Miss R ICEof New York): H.R. 4684. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish mental health care to certain former members of the Armed Forces who are not otherwise eligible to re-ceive such care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 4685. A bill to take certain Federal lands located in Tulare County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tule River Indian Tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. N
EWHOUSE ): H.R. 4686. A bill to amend Public Law 103- 434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water manage-ment in the Yakima River basin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. R
USSELL ): H.R. 4687. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that temporary em-ployees of the Department of Defense may compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. AMODEI (for himself, Mr. HARDY , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 4688. A bill to promote conservation, improve public land, and provide for sensible development in Douglas County, Nevada, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 4689. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with administrative contractors for the proc-essing of claims for hospital care and med-ical services furnished in non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mr. T ONKO ): H.R. 4690. A bill to revitalize Army arse-nals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE): H.R. 4691. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to re-quire local educational agencies to imple-ment a policy on allergy bullying in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 4692. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act, in relation to requiring adrenoleukodystrophy screening of newborns; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. P
ELOSI , and Mr. L EVIN): H.R. 4693. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a refundable and advanceable tax credit for individuals with young children; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. K
ILDEE ): H.R. 4694. A bill to amend the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 to define environmental intervention blood lead level, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. S
TIV-
ERS, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
OLD, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-ginia, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. M
ACARTHUR ): H.R. 4695. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing maternity care quality meas-ures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 4696. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a deduction for homeowners association assessments; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. COS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. K
NIGHT ): H.R. 4697. A bill to provide for increased Federal oversight of prescription opioid treatment and assistance to States in reduc-ing opioid addiction, diversion, and deaths; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K EATING , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 4698. A bill to enhance aviation by re-quiring airport security assessments and a security coordination enhancement plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 4699. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for parent sav-ings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. N UNES , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. I
SRAEL ): H.R. 4700. A bill to award a Congressional gold medal to the 5307th Composite Unit (Provisional), commonly known as ‘‘Merrill’s Marauders’’, in recognition of their bravery and outstanding service in the jungles of Burma during World War II; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and Mr. H ARPER ): H.R. 4701. A bill to encourage States to re-quire the installation of residential carbon monoxide detectors in homes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Mr. Q
UIGLEY ): H.R. 4702. A bill to direct the Director of the Government Publishing Office to provide members of the public with Internet access to Congressional Research Service reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 4703. A bill to eliminate the authority of the executive branch to further restrict intra-family firearm transfers; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4704. A bill to increase accountability with respect to Department of Energy car-bon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 4705. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a nonrefundable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03MR7.100 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1144 March 3, 2016 
credit for the purchase of emergency posi-tion-indicating radio beacons and personal locator beacons; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 4706. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come certain interest and money market fund dividend income payments to charity and to modify the requirements relating to the reporting of such payments; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina (for himself and Mr. A
DERHOLT ): H.R. 4707. A bill to provide housing oppor-tunities for individuals living with HIV or AIDS, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California): H.R. 4708. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a nonrefundable credit for working family caregivers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 4709. A bill to amend the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 to require commercial email mes-sages to include an option allowing recipi-ents to unsubscribe from any such future emails; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 4710. A bill to amend the Federal Crop Insurance Act to eliminate premium sub-sidies for crop insurance for tobacco; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. F ARR, Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. C
APPS , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia): H.R. 4711. A bill to make funds available for Dungeness crab and rock crab emergency disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. C UM-
MINGS ): H.R. 4712. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a document is sent under that initiative may require that the United States Postal Service obtain a signature from that person in order to deliver the doc-ument, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 4713. A bill to amend the market name of genetically altered salmon in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 4714. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure Medicare cov-erage of certain costs associated with FDA- approved clinical trials; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. G
OWDY , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. BRAT, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. R IBBLE ): H.J. Res. 85. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requiring that the Federal budget be balanced; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B RAT, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. R
IGELL , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. W
ITTMAN ): H. Con. Res. 123. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lex-ington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. C
HABOT ): H. Res. 636. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing Burma’s 2015 elections; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Ms. K
USTER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-gia, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. K EATING , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. E STY, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C ARNEY , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H
IMES, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B EYER , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. B ECERRA , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. L
EVIN, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
LYBURN , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R USH, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H
AHN, Mr. N EAL, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. F
OSTER , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N
OLAN , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ ): H. Res. 637. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should establish a national goal of more than 50 percent clean and car-bon free electricity by 2030 for the purposes of avoiding the worst impacts of climate change, growing our economy, increasing our shared prosperity, improving public health, and preserving our national security; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
175. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Michigan, rel-ative to Senate Resolution No. 121, to memo-rialize the Congress of the United States to address freeze emergencies and their con-sequences by enacting legislation to define freeze emergencies as major disasters eligi-ble for federal disaster relief and emergency assistance; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 4677. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause I; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 4678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 and Article IV, section 3 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. DENT: H.R. 4679. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 4680. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 Article I, Section 8 By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 4681. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18, Section 8, Article 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 4682. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18, Section 8, Article 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 4683. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution (Clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 4684. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 4685. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03MR7.100 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1145 March 3, 2016 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 4686. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 4687. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clauses 1, 12, 13, and 14 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. AMODEI: H.R. 4688. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 4689. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4690. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4691. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 (relating to the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.) By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 4692. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the power granted to Con-gress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amend-ments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 4693. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and the Six-teenth Amendment of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 4694. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3 and Clause 18. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 4695. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 4696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. ESTY: H.R. 4697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution, ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 4698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 4699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution: The Congress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 4700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 of the Con-stitution By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 4701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 4702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec 8, Clause 18, of the United States Constitution Which states: Congress shall have power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying in execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any other department or officer thereof. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 4703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. constitution. Specifically Clause 3 which gives Congress the authority to Regulate Commerce. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 4704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 4705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 4706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 4707. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, the general welfare clause. By Mr. REED: H.R. 4708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 4709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 4710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 4713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 4714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.J. Res. 85. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution, which grants Congress the power to propose amendments to the Constitution when two-thirds of both chambers shall deem it necessary. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. G UINTA . H.R. 27: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 169: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 239: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 267: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 288: Mr. M
ICA. H.R. 297: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Ms. K APTUR . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.025 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1146 March 3, 2016 
H.R. 314: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 448: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 491: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 546: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 605: Mr. R
OHRABACHER and Mr. L AN-
GEVIN . H.R. 654: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 662: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 664: Mr. N
EAL, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. F
ATTAH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 815: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 865: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 1151: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 1185: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. W
ALBERG , Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1220: Mr. K
NIGHT , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1260: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1342: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1399: Mr. F
ORBES and Mrs. C APPS . H.R. 1457: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 1523: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 1567: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 1717: Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2124: Mr. T
AKAI, Mr. L ANCE , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 2400: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 2404: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 2411: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2430: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2434: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 2460: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2737: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2773: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2799: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 2800: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2811: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 2849: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2939: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3092: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3119: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3179: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3185: Ms. A
DAMS and Ms. G RAHAM . H.R. 3222: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 3235: Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 3268: Mr. K
INDand Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 3299: Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3326: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 3514: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. S ARBANES , and Ms. E
STY. H.R. 3580: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3860: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 3862: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 3917: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3929: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. B RAT, Mr. C LAY, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 3970: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 3985: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4027: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 4095: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 4167: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 4209: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. H ECKof Washington. H.R. 4219: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 4229: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 4293: Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 4352: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 4371: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 4376: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl- vania, Ms. P
INGREE , and Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida. H.R. 4386: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 4420: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 4430: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4442: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 4474: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mrs. L
UMMIS . H.R. 4479: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4480: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4491: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4500: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 4522: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 4524: Mr. A
SHFORD and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4526: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 4570: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4592: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. T IBERI , Ms. E
STY, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. K ELLY of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4599: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 4600: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4614: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 4622: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 4625: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4633: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4641: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4653: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4654: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 4657: Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana. H. Res. 33: Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 393: Mr. B
EYER and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H. Res. 451: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H. Res. 501: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. L OFGREN . H. Res. 552: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 591: Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. T
ONKO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.014 H03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1243 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2016 No. 35 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, You are the strength of our lives. Use us to tell of Your wondrous works, inspiring others to glorify Your Name in the Earth. Help us to depend on You in the welter and variety of events we encounter each day. May we trust You to supply all of our needs, re-sponding with gratitude to Your gen-erous mercies. Today, give our Senators an eternal perspective on the myriad issues they face. Infuse their hearts with faith, sharpen their minds with truth, and renew their spirits with courage. Bless the members of their staff who sac-rifice so much for freedom’s cause. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today we have an opportunity to take another step forward on the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, a critically important and bipartisan bill to address the grow-ing prescription opioid and heroin epi-demic. As we have worked through debate on this legislation, we have heard nu-merous stories from across our Nation about the toll this crisis is taking on Americans. Today, I want to take a moment to address the difference CARA can make in my home State of Kentucky, which has been among the hardest hit by this epidemic. More people are dying from drug overdoses than car crashes in the Com-monwealth, and that is largely due to prescription opioids and heroin. We know education and prevention pro-grams can help reduce the number of people who experience drug addiction and overdose. One program I have been proud to support is the Drug-Free Com-munity Program, which provides fund-ing to local communities so they can promote education and awareness about the dangers of substance abuse. I wrote letters of support on behalf of Oldham and Carter Counties, which have both received drug-free commu-nity grants. This funding helps them train community members, parents, and school officials in preventing youth substance abuse. There are other programs in CARA that can help build on these efforts through community-based coalition grants that address local drug crises. Education is incredibly important, and it is great to see what we are achieving on that front. But for Kentuckians and Americans currently struggling with addiction, the cycle can be very dif-ficult to break. We have seen a staggering number of people lose their lives to overdose, and we know more must be done to stop that terrible trend. Fortunately, groups like the Harm Reduction Coali-tion are providing overdose prevention and naloxone training for drug treat-ment programs, recovery advocates, and health departments across Ken-tucky and several other States. Through State demonstration and first responder grants, the group says CARA can give them a ‘‘stronger foundation to move from training to action.’’ Prescription drug monitoring pro-grams are also instrumental in saving lives, and I have been a strong sup-porter of Kentucky’s own program, called KASPER. Just last fall, I re-ceived confirmation from the CDC that the Kentucky Injury Prevention and Research Center had been awarded funds to combat the prescription drug and heroin epidemic in Kentucky. These funds are being used to improve KASPER, as well as target interven-tions in counties such as Jefferson, Fayette, Boone, Kenton, and Camp-bell—counties that have seen some of the highest rates of overdose deaths in the Commonwealth. The bill we are considering today also places an em-phasis on prescription drug monitoring programs and will strengthen efforts already in place. Perhaps one of the most heart-breaking aspects of this epidemic is its effect on newborns. Just last year, I sponsored the Protecting Our Infants Act to address this specific issue and was proud to see it become law. Our work to protect these fragile lives con-tinues with the legislation we have be-fore us today. CARA would improve treatment for both pregnant and postpartum women by reauthorizing an existing grant program. It would also authorize a pilot program to enhance treatment options for this specific pop-ulation. CARA can make positive strides in terms of keeping communities safe, too. It would bolster the efforts of law enforcement through the authorization of grant programs for collaborative in-vestigative units. What that means is Kentucky’s outstanding drug task forces stand to benefit when it comes to investigating illegal trafficking and distribution of heroin, fentanyl, and prescription opioids. I have strongly supported each of these efforts to in-tensify the Commonwealth’s fight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.000 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1244 March 3, 2016 
against our prescription opioid and heroin crisis. So because of efforts like those I mentioned—to strengthen education and treatment programs, to improve prescription drug monitoring tools, and to enhance law enforcement efforts— differences are already being made in the lives of many Kentuckians. With the passage of CARA, we can build upon these and other initiatives that can help shore up the fight against pre-scription opioid and heroin addiction. Kim Moser, Director of the Northern Kentucky Office of Drug Control Pol-icy, says CARA will ‘‘address the grow-ing needs’’ of Kentucky communities and ‘‘expand treatment resources for those suffering.’’ She goes on to say that CARA ‘‘will allow individuals, families and communities to heal from this scourge.’’ I want to thank Senator G
RASSLEY , the chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, for working with Senators to move this bill by voice vote in a timely manner, and I want to also acknowl-edge Senator P
ORTMAN and Senator A
YOTTE for their responsiveness to this urgent problem and for their dedica-tion to advancing the bipartisan bill that is before us now. Remember, although this is an au-thorization bill, Congress has already appropriated $400 million—funds that are still available today—for opioid- specific programs. We will have more opportunities for funding through the next appropriations process, but it is important we act on this legislation right now. CARA will bring us closer to ending a national epidemic. It will help lift com-munities like those in Kentucky out of the throes of prescription opioids and heroin addiction. It will help save lives. I look forward to joining my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important legislation. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. REID. Mr. President, as Sen-ators, we pride ourselves in making sure that we vote when we are required to vote, and we are always very aware of when the votes occur and what hap-pens with the votes. I missed a vote yesterday at 4 o’clock. My staff has told me the clerks here are concerned that they did something wrong. I missed the vote. It was my fault. It was no one’s fault but my own. I had a doctor’s appointment at 4:30, and I got here too late. So everyone should understand that I have missed other votes, and I have al-ready announced how I would have voted had I voted, and it wouldn’t have changed the outcome of the vote. So all the clerks, who serve us so well all the time, shouldn’t worry at all about my not being recorded on that vote. So calm down, everybody. I don’t care. You shouldn’t care. f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have heard my friend the Republican leader the last couple of days talking about what a good bill we have here. He is right. It is something that is important to do. We have this opioid problem sweeping the Nation. It is in Nevada, as well as in all other States. All the other 49 States have the problem. So I understand the importance of this leg-islation. I only wish the Republicans had joined with us yesterday in voting for the Shaheen amendment, which would have provided real money to meet the requirements of this legisla-tion, if it passes. I also know my friend keeps talking about the money we have already ap-propriated. We did it because there was an emergency then, and there is one now. The programs we have appro-priated money for are totally separate and apart from this legislation. That is why Senator S
HAHEEN offered her amendment. It was emergency funding that we badly need. So it is too bad my friends on the other side of the aisle are talking about taking money from other programs and funding this pro-gram. That isn’t how it should be. This is a scourge sweeping the coun-try. We have programs in this new leg-islation that need to be funded, other-wise it won’t have any meaning what-soever to the problem we are facing in the country. A number of Democrats have also tried to offer amendments. To this point, they have been able to offer one amendment and vote on one amend-ment. We have had more than 60 amendments filed over here. I know we are not going to have the ability to de-bate and vote on 60 amendments, but my friend the Republican leader has been out here boasting time and again about this robust amendment process, and it is only talk. We haven’t had a robust amendment process. I wouldn’t think robust would mean having seven or eight amendments. We would accept a new definition of ro-bust, I guess, if we got to offer a few amendments, but we should be able to offer amendments on this legislation. So I hope the Senate will be able to have a full and open amendment proc-ess on this legislation. If not, we may not be able to proceed to vote on this legislation, and it would be too bad. Even though the legislation is not funded properly, we should pass it. We are not going to pass it if we get jammed, and that is what is happening. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. REID. Mr. President, listen to these words: fair, respectful, delibera-tive, and thorough. These are the words the senior Senator from Iowa, Mr. GRASSLEY , once used to describe the way Supreme Court nominations should be considered by the Senate— fair, respectful, deliberative, and thor-ough. In June 2010, he said something more: 
I have always been of the opinion that the Senate needs to conduct a comprehensive and careful review of Supreme Court nomi-nees. It is important that the nominee be given a fair, respectful, and also deliberative hearing. 
That same month, in June 2010, he also said: 
I am committed to ensuring that this proc-ess is fair and respectful but also thorough. The Constitution tasks our Senate with con-ducting a comprehensive review of the nomi-nee’s record and qualifications. 
Fair, respectful, deliberative, and thorough. I don’t think refusing to meet with a nominee, refusing to hold a hearing of a nominee, refusing to vote on a nominee is fair, respectful, deliberative, and certainly not thor-ough. He was not yet chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee when the senior Sen-ator from Iowa made those comments. As I have noted, he has said on more than one occasion that the Constitu-tion tasks our Senate with conducting a ‘‘comprehensive review of the nomi-nee’s record and qualifications.’’ He made those statements when he wasn’t chairman of the committee. He is now chairman of the committee—the com-mittee he has served on for decades. Now his response for the Senate’s con-sideration of Supreme Court nomina-tions sets the standard. He runs that big and powerful committee, and he has chosen an approach that could not be further from the fair, respectful, de-liberative, and thorough that he has urged on more than one occasion. Instead of exercising his once-re-spected independence, my friend the senior Senator from Iowa is taking his marching orders from the Republican leader and refusing to give President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee a meeting, a hearing, or a vote. Within an hour after Justice Scalia’s death was announced, the Republican leader hijacked the Supreme Court nomination process in the Senate by declaring that the Republicans would not consider the President’s nominee. Then the Republican leader decided to seize control of the Judiciary Com-mittee—I don’t know if he twisted arms, but that certainly conveys the message I want to convey—twisting the arms of the senior Senator from Iowa and his committee members to get them to forfeit their independence and fall in line. Behind closed doors, the Republican leader compelled the 11 Republicans who make up the majority of the committee on the Judiciary to sign a loyalty oath. This loyalty oath, which abdicated the role of this once- dignified committee, took the form of a letter promising to follow the Repub-lican leader’s demands and block con-sideration of President Obama’s Su-preme Court nominee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.001 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1245 March 3, 2016 
Earlier this week, the Senator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , discussed the arm-twisting that took place. During an interview on Tuesday on an NBC af-filiate in Iowa, he was asked whether undue influence had been exerted by Republican leadership. This is what he said: ‘‘Some had reluctance, but all signed.’’ Again, ‘‘Some had reluctance, but all signed’’ on when asked whether undue influence had been exerted by Republican leadership. I don’t blame Senator G
RASSLEY ’s colleagues for their reluctance. The Ju-diciary Committee once had a proud history of independence. This com-mittee is 200 years old and is one of 11 committees that were formed when this body came into being. So their re-luctance is understandable. It is under-standable that the Republican mem-bers don’t want to abdicate their inde-pendence. I don’t blame those Senators for being reluctant to follow the Re-publican leader’s orders for refusal to do their jobs. I don’t blame them for their reluctance to banish the inde-pendence of the Judiciary Committee’s past, ensuring that this once powerful, independent, strong committee’s rep-utation is now nothing but a memory. I wish the Judiciary Committee Re-publicans had been a bit more reluc-tant to sign on to the McConnell- Grassley letter, a pledge not to do their jobs. It appears most voters also think they should not have signed the letter. According to a new CNN poll that came out last night, two-thirds of Repub-licans want hearings on the President’s Supreme Court nominee—almost 70 percent. Senate Republicans’ pledge to obstruct doesn’t make sense to the Re-publicans’ own base. The senior Senator from Iowa’s blind adherence to the dictates of leadership doesn’t stop there. The chairman of the Judiciary Committee was too timid to even meet with President Obama with-out the Republican leader’s consent. He refused to go to the White House with-out the Republican leader by his side. When we all finally did meet with President Obama on Tuesday—the Re-publican leader, Democratic leader, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee—at that meeting, the chairman wouldn’t commit to meeting the nominee or holding hearings. He wouldn’t do that. He wouldn’t give the nominee a vote. That is what he told the President. This is not what Senator G
RASSLEY  advocated before his party assumed the majority. Back in January 2015, on the Senate floor, the Senator from Iowa said: 
We must get back to what we in the Senate call regular order. I would say do things the way Madison intended. 
Everything the chairman has done since assuming the role runs counter to those words and what Madison in-tended and obviously what the senior Senator from Iowa had intended. Allowing 11 Republican members of the Judiciary Committee—and they are all men—to decide on behalf of 100 Sen-ators and 300 million Americans that they will not even meet with or hold a hearing or vote on the Supreme Court nominee is certainly not regular order. This is about as irregular order as you can have. Given the opportunity to pre-side over a fair process, the chairman chose blind obedience to his party lead-ers instead. Nothing the Judiciary Committee chairman has done in the wake of this Supreme Court vacancy can be identified as regular order. It is about as irregular order as you can have. Working behind closed doors is be-coming the theme for Senator GRASS -
LEYand the Judiciary Committee. He sought to move a committee markup scheduled for today—a meeting that normally takes place in the full view of the public—behind closed doors. Every-one, think about that. This hearing has been scheduled for a long time, but the Republican leader wants to do it se-cretly. When Democrats objected, the chairman postponed the meeting alto-gether. No public hearing, a closed door hearing, Democrats objected, so he just canceled the meeting. This isn’t trans-parency; this is obstruction and chaos. Even Republicans agree—or at least some of them. Last week, the junior Senator from West Virginia said: 
Do I worry that this would make the Sen-ate look dysfunctional? That’s a slight worry for me. 
It may be a slight worry for the Sen-ator from West Virginia, but it is a huge worry for the American people. Again: 
Do I worry that this would make the Sen-ate look dysfunctional? That’s a slight worry for me. 
Well, it may be a slight worry for the Senator from West Virginia, but it is not a slight worry for the American people. It is a big, huge worry for the people of West Virginia. The good news is that this can all be remedied very quickly. All my friend from Iowa needs to do is use the au-thority he has as the Judiciary Com-mittee chair and give the President’s nominee a meeting and a hearing. This would be what Iowa deserves and what this country deserves. All he needs to do is live up to his own words and be ‘‘fair,’’ ‘‘respectful,’’ ‘‘deliberative,’’ and ‘‘thorough.’’ Simply put, he needs to stop blindly following the Repub-lican leader and just do his job. Would the Chair announce the busi-ness of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 524, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the na-tional epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
Pending: 
Grassley amendment No. 3378, in the na-ture of a substitute. Grassley (for Donnelly/Capito) modified amendment No. 3374 (to amendment No. 3378), to provide follow-up services to indi-viduals who have received opioid overdose reversal drugs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the year was 1936. President Franklin Roosevelt had just been reelected with an over-whelming majority, and he decided he had had enough of the U.S. Supreme Court. They had been striking down some key pieces of legislation in his New Deal package. So he came up with a bold plan in February of 1937. That bold plan was to add enough new Jus-tices to the Supreme Court to tip the balance his way. He presented this plan to change the Supreme Court for his political pur-poses to a Democratic Congress and a Democratic U.S. Senate, believing, with his big reelection majority and the fact that most of the Members of Congress had supported his New Deal agenda, that they would stand by him when it came to changing the Supreme Court so that it would start ruling his way. He was wrong. What happened then was that Members of the Senate decided to stand up to their President and to stand up for the Constitution. A little-known Senator from Arizona, Henry Ashurst, was the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. He deliberately delayed the FDR Court- packing proposal to a point where, when it was finally called, it was over-whelmingly defeated. Think about that in the context of our current debate about filling this Supreme Court vacancy created by the untimely death of Justice Scalia. In that case, in 1937, the Senate Judiciary Committee and its chairman stood up for the Constitution first, over and above even the President of their own political party. This was a popular President; yet they believed the Con-stitution was more important than any political issue when it came to the New Deal. So where are we today? We are in a situation where we have a vacancy on the Supreme Court. The Court still continues to hear cases of great his-toric moment—yesterday, the case in-volving abortion and I am sure, in weeks ahead, even more controversial issues. It is a Court that is at least lim-ited by the fact that there are only eight Justices. In many instances, this Court is likely to end up with a tie—a decision which doesn’t decide the law but leaves it still unresolved. So what is our responsibility as this Senate at this time as we reflect on the Senate of 1937? Well, we only have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.003 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1246 March 3, 2016 
turn to the U.S. Constitution—the Con-stitution which each of us, each and every one of us as Senators, Demo-cratic and Republican, stood in the well and swore to uphold. The second article in this Constitu-tion relates to the powers of the Presi-dency. In this book, it is only three pages, but the people who wrote the Constitution, our Founding Fathers, tried to put in those three pages the critically important elements to make sure that our democracy would con-tinue. They tried to envision the possi-bilities and to authorize branches of government to do certain things. In article II, section 2, when it comes to the powers of the President, it says: 
he shall nominate, and by and with the Ad-vice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . Judges of the supreme Court. 
Did it say he may appoint? No. The language is explicit. He shall appoint, and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall fill the vacancies on the Supreme Court. So what faces us today? An an-nouncement by the Republican leader-ship, Senator M
CCONNELL , within hours of the announcement of the death of Justice Scalia, that for the first time in the history of the United States Senate, for the first time in our Na-tion’s history, the Republicans have announced that they will not only refuse to fill this vacancy, they will not even allow a hearing on a Presi-dential nominee. And Senator M
CCON-
NELL went a step further and said he will not even meet with a nominee of-fered by the President to fill this va-cancy. That is a clear violation of the constitutional responsibility which this Senate has. The Constitution doesn’t require us to approve any nominee, no; it is advise and consent, not consent only. We can certainly vote no if we feel that vote is war-ranted. But the Constitution is very clear that we can’t walk away from our constitutional responsibility when it comes to a vacancy on the Supreme Court. If the Senate Republicans have their way, this vacancy on the Supreme Court will continue on until the next calendar year. It will be the longest va-cancy on the Supreme Court since the Civil War, when this Nation was torn apart. If there was any excuse in those days for not filling the vacancy, there is no excuse today. There is the argument made: Let the people decide. Let the people decide in the next election who the next Su-preme Court Justice will be. But that ignores the obvious: There is a sitting President, elected for 4 years, with the constitutional authority every Presi-dent has, and one of those authorities is to fill this vacancy on the Supreme Court. They argue: Well, the people will de-cide in November what will happen next year. I might remind them that the people decided in the year 2012 by a margin of 5 million votes that Barack Obama would be President of the United States—not for 3 years, not for 3 years and 2 months, but for 4 years. And to argue that he is somehow now unable, unwilling, or cannot be called on to exercise his Presidential author-ity flies in the face of reality—a reality which most Republicans will readily concede, at least in private. The Republicans think they are win-ning this debate. I think they are los-ing. They think their ‘‘let the people decide’’ approach to this is really car-rying the day. I think our approach to this—saying to our Republican col-leagues: Do your job—is carrying the day. How is this playing in Peoria, IL? I want to read from an editorial of the February 28 edition of the Peoria Jour-nal-Star: The most worthless Congress in memory became more so last week, with Senate Republicans doubling down on their decision not to even hold hearings for any Obama nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court to fill the Scalia vacancy. They went on to say: Even as awful as Congress is, it’s not often that its members combine dereliction of con-stitutional duty—(see Article II, Section 2)— with political cravenness (the aversion to tough decisions in an election year) in one fell swoop, but so Senate Republicans have here. Not only have they unconstitutionally changed a president’s term from four to three years, not only are they renouncing their ‘‘advice and consent’’ role, not only are they effectively suggesting the Constitution be amended to popularly elect Supreme Court justices, but even more lame are the lengths Republicans went to in order to ra-tionalize their decision. 
No more excuses. The Senate Judici-ary Committee and the Senate should do their job. When the President sub-mits a nominee, we should give that nominee a fair and thorough hearing— a fair, respectful, and thorough hear-ing, as one Republican said over and over again—in full view of the Amer-ican people and then vote. A fair warning to my Senate Repub-licans. They said the American people should decide. They will decide—they will decide in November that the Re-publicans in the Senate should do their job. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question? Mr. DURBIN. I will be happy to yield. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Sen-ator may well recall—he was here when I was chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee in 2001 during President Bush’s administration, the ranking member was then Senator H
ATCH —we put to-gether an agreement about how the committee would consider Supreme Court nominees. We wrote: The Judici-ary Committee’s traditional practice has been to report Supreme Court nominees to the Senate once the com-mittee has completed its consider-ation. This has been true even in cases where Supreme Court nominees were opposed by a majority of the Judiciary Committee. Does the Senator recall that at that time the Republican leader of the Sen-ate, Senator Lott, even read that letter into the RECORD to say that this is the way the Senate should operate? Mr. DURBIN. I do remember that. Mr. LEAHY. I appreciate that. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor this morning because of the important subject that is before us, the bill that deals with the opioid epidemic, the follow-on heroin prob-lem, a bill that was reported out of committee unanimously, a very impor-tant piece of legislation. Right now we have unfortunate political gamesman-ship that has overtaken some of my Democratic colleagues at the very same time that everybody on the Judi-ciary Committee knows we need to pass the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act that goes by the acro-nym CARA for short. It happens, though, that the opioid epidemic is not a political game. It is a real problem out there. A massive hearing we had in committee dem-onstrates that. I am very proud the Senate has taken up the CARA bill, after this public health crisis festered for so long while the Senate was con-trolled by the Democrats. For example, tragically heroin over-dose deaths more than tripled from 2010 to 2014. All the while, the Democratic leadership simply did not make it a priority to move a bill like CARA. It is a bipartisan bill that addresses the public health crisis of heroin and pre-scription opioid abuse. Through the hard work of many on both sides of the aisle because it is a bipartisan bill, as I said, it passed out of our committee—and you can’t say so often—unanimously. Everybody at the grassroots level of America thinks ev-erything here is always partisan be-tween Republicans and Democrats—not when it comes to the opioid issue or a lot of other issues. This bill came out of committee unanimously, and we ought to get it to the House of Rep-resentatives as fast as we can and to the President. Just a few weeks after it came out of committee, here we are working on it with an opportunity to pass it. This reflects the Senate working in a very constructive, bipartisan way on behalf of the American people and the people who are addicted to heroin and opioids. This is very much unlike the way the Senate acted when the Demo-crats controlled it. This issue was not brought up. For political reasons, that is not a narrative some Democrats want the American people to hear, and so we are having this game today. Yesterday, there was a manufactured controversy over the amount of fund-ing. Of course, the opioid crisis de-mands resources, and significant re-sources are being directed to it, both by the Appropriations Committee and the programs laid out in this bill before us right now. In fact, according to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.005 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1247 March 3, 2016 
Office of National Drug Control Policy, the Appropriations Act passed in De-cember provides more than $400 million in funding specifically to address the opioid epidemic. This is an increase of more than $100 million over the pre-vious year. None of that money has been spent yet. All of that money is still available today. This bill authorizes so many activi-ties to combat the crisis, but it was never intended to appropriate funding. That is what we have Appropriations Committees for. That is why we have an appropriations process. Through the appropriations process, we can evalu-ate competing priories, evaluate trade-offs, and in the end ensure that ade-quate resources are directed to this epidemic while at the same time main-taining fiscal discipline. I am glad the Senate rejected that attempt to inject gamesmanship into the debate over ways to improve this bill. That vote happened yesterday. Now the minority in the Senate, the Democrats, are setting up additional procedural roadblocks. We tried to set up additional votes this morning to move this very important bill along so we can help the people of the various States, and particularly New England, solve this opioid addition and heroin problem—also a problem in the eastern part of my State—but somehow the Democrats would not agree. Because we have this bill on the floor, I also asked the Democrats on the committee to hold our weekly Ju-diciary Committee business meeting over here in the Capitol Building in-stead of in the committee room, right off the floor of this Senate, as we do quite regularly, particularly when we have so much business here. That was a routine accommodation I asked them to make, similar to the ac-commodation I gave to them when we had a hearing scheduled earlier this week on the EB–5 immigration bill, when they asked to cancel that because this bill was on the floor of the Senate. So I accommodated them. Would they give me the accommodation of holding this meeting off the floor of the Senate so we could take up the business of vot-ing out some judges? There was not any legislation on our agenda, but we could have voted out some judges. How often do we hear that the Judiciary Committee is not moving judges? We had a chance to do that probably in a 10-minute meeting right in the Presi-dent’s Room, just a few feet from where I am standing right now. I gave them an accommodation, but now I am running into trouble because I canceled a meeting because we have this important bill on the floor of the Senate. I understand they are pro-testing the Judiciary Committee’s lack of action on a Supreme Court nomina-tion, which nomination we could not even possibly consider if the President does not send it up. I imagine this is just the first of sev-eral problems we are going to have in the next few weeks. While they do that this morning, I want you to know I am going to be on the Senate floor trying to get this very important opioid ad-diction bill—heroin addiction bill— passed, and I will be thinking about so many people CARA will help once this bill is signed by the President. At our Judiciary Committee hearing we had on this very important prob-lem, we heard from Nick Willard, chief of the Manchester New Hampshire Po-lice Department. His officers will ben-efit from the training the bill author-izes to use naloxone, a drug that can save lives after an overdose. At that hearing, we also heard from Tonda DaRae, a courageous Ohio woman who lost a daughter to an over-dose and who founded a support group for those in recovery called Holly’s Song of Hope. Her group may profit from this legislation’s grants aimed at building communities of recovery. I will be thinking about the many Iowans I have heard about who have been impacted by this crisis. I spoke earlier this week about Kim Brown of Davenport, who lost her son Andy to an overdose. She now speaks out across the State about the epidemic. There is Carla Richards, of Waukee, IA, who lost her daughter Anna to an overdose as well. She founded an orga-nization to promote awareness called Anna’s Warriors. There are all kinds of tragic stories that every Senator in this body could talk about that high-light the rationale behind this legisla-tion and the $400 million that is wait-ing to be spent to overcome the opioid addiction. There is a seed of hope in many of them, hope that we can act to address this epidemic, each in our own way. I will be thinking of these stories today as we try to move CARA one step clos-er to becoming law. So why would a bill that got out of committee unani-mously have this sort of shenanigans going on, on the floor of the Senate, at a time when people are dying—44,000 people in the most recent statistical year, more than automobile accidents and gun crimes together. This is a real problem. We need to get this bill passed, and we are working on accom-modating amendments and moving it forward. It is not the time for the go- slow approach we are seeing already on the floor of the Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with other Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee for 30 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, one, so we fully understand, we are perfectly willing to have—even though we don’t hold Judiciary Committee meetings every week as we used to—we would be perfectly willing to have a meeting that was not in a backroom but open so the press would see it. It is important to have such meet-ings open, for the press and anybody who wants to come in. It is unfortunate that we have had—with the Supreme Court vacancy—there has been a closed-door, back-room meeting. That is when a small handful of Republican Senators decided, with the Republican leader, to say the President should not follow his constitutional duty and nominate a Supreme Court nominee, and, in an unprecedented fashion, the Senate Judiciary Committee would not follow its constitutional obligation of advice and consent. In that small closed-door meeting, it was decided that Senators should not follow the solemn oath they have taken on this floor when they say they will uphold the Constitution ‘‘so help me God.’’ We have had enough closed- door meetings, especially closed-door meetings that tell us to violate an oath where they said ‘‘so help me God’’ and to not follow the Constitution. I think it is important that we have these meetings since the untimely passing of Justice Antonin Scalia. There is certainly a disagreement over how to move forward in filling the Su-preme Court vacancy, but I think the American people want us to do our job. This is a time we should have an open conversation about it, not closed-door meetings, where afterward self-serving press releases are issued, which may or may not accurately represent what went on in those meetings. The American people deserve to have us do our job, hear us discuss and de-bate the committee’s next steps in ful-filling our constitutional duty. Last night, my friend, the senior Senator from Iowa, decided to postpone this meeting rather than have it in public. Now we have to wait another week before the committee can sit down in public so the American people can discuss an issue that is so impor-tant. The move to postpone today’s meeting is troubling, given that last week’s meeting—a meeting that should have happened with the participation of all the committee members in a room open to the public, showing us doing our jobs—was also postponed. So we didn’t have a meeting in public. We weren’t doing our job. Instead, last week the committee’s Republicans decided to meet behind closed doors—the public couldn’t follow what they were doing—without any Democrats so they could hatch a par-tisan plan to obstruct any effort to consider the next nominee to the Su-preme Court and do that no matter what the Constitution says. There was no consultation with any Democrats serving on the committee. There was no public discussion of any kind. Certainly, in my 40 years here, whether Republicans have been in con-trol of the Senate or Democrats, I can-not think of any precedent for this kind of closed-door discussion of how we avoid doing our job. Instead, 11 Re-publican Senators unilaterally decided the Senate would abdicate its responsi-bility and block all of us from fulfilling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.006 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1248 March 3, 2016 
our constitutional obligation of advice and consent. They block all of us from doing our job. Supreme Court nominations are a unique priority for the Judiciary Com-mittee. Since I have served in the Sen-ate—I voted on every member cur-rently on the Supreme Court and on several who have since retired—the Ju-diciary Committee has always held hearings on Supreme Court nominees, and they have always reported them to the full Senate for consideration. When I took over as chairman of the Judiciary Committee in 2001, George W. Bush was President. I did not agree with much of what his administration was already doing—I was very frank in discussions with President Bush to tell him that—and I was not sure if I would approve of any Supreme Court nomina-tions he might have the opportunity to make, but even with those reserva-tions, I wrote a letter with then-rank-ing member Senator H
ATCH memori-alizing an agreement we reached— which Republicans gave their word to follow—about how the Judiciary Com-mittee would consider Supreme Court nominees. In that letter that Senator H
ATCH  and I wrote, he gave his word and I gave mine: 
The Judiciary Committee’s traditional practice has been to report Supreme Court nominees to the Senate once the Committee has completed its considerations. This has been true even in cases where Supreme Court nominees were opposed by a majority of the Judiciary Committee. 
Senator H ATCH and I gave our word on that. The Republican leader at the time, Senator Lott, then read our let-ter into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD to ensure that it was available to all Americans to see, and I took the word of Republicans in this body that they believed what they were saying. It showed the long understanding of the Senate Judiciary Committee’s commit-ment to an open, fair process, even when the majority does not agree with the opposing party’s President. The priority of the Judiciary Com-mittee has afforded Supreme Court nominees is exemplified by its consid-eration of two of the most contentious nominations to the Court: Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas. In both instances, then-Chairman Biden moved the nominations to the full Senate, even though a majority of the Senate Judiciary Committee did not support the nominations. In other words, the majority did not support the nomination, but we still moved them forward. In Robert Bork’s case, a committee vote to report out his nomination fa-vorably failed by a vote of 5 to 9, with both Republicans and Democrats vot-ing against it. At the time, the Reagan administration was quietly asking him to withdraw his name, but he still wanted to have a vote, and the com-mittee then voted to report his nomi-nation with an unfavorable rec-ommendation. He was reported out un-favorably by a vote of 9 to 5 so the full Senate could consider him. Some Democrats voted for him. Many Demo-crats voted against him. Some Repub-licans voted for him. Many Republicans voted against him, but he had his vote. In Clarence Thomas’s case, the com-mittee voted to report out his nomina-tion favorably. That failed by a vote of 7 to 7. The committee then voted to re-port his nomination without rec-ommendation, and by 13 to 1 we voted to give him a chance to be heard on the floor. Even when a majority of committee members have not supported a nomi-nee, as was the case with Robert Bork or Clarence Thomas, we have not de-nied the full Senate—or the American people—the opportunity to debate and consider a Supreme Court nominee. We were not going to say this Senate shouldn’t do its job. The Judiciary Committee has a strong tradition of transparency. I re-member when I first came on, there was one of the most conservative Sen-ators as chairman, Jim Eastland. We have done it with all who have been chairs. I believe the American people have a right to see and hear what we are doing. They have a right to know whether we are doing our job. They have a right to weigh in on the deci-sions we make. Nowhere does trans-parency matter more than a lifetime appointment to the highest Court in our land. You can’t decide a question of somebody going on the highest Court of our land, with a lifetime appoint-ment, and do it with a small group be-hind closed doors. That is not doing our job. There is no place for backroom deals for something so important. Pub-lic confirmation hearings are a vital part of our democracy. That is not just about us. Public hearings are how Americans meet the nominee. Public hearings allow every American the opportunity to watch and listen to this person whose decisions may have a lasting im-pact on their lives. Ultimately, what this small group of Republican mem-bers of the committee meeting behind closed doors unilaterally decided last week was to reject the longstanding tradition of public hearings. In doing so, they are denying Americans—all Americans, Republicans and Democrats alike—the chance to participate in the consideration of a nominee. They deny Americans a chance to have us do our job. The Judiciary Committee is one of the busiest in the Senate. It considers some of the most consequential issues affecting millions of Americans. When we commit ourselves to what brought us here, to do our job and work to-gether for our constituents, we can achieve great things. This is what hap-pened 3 years ago when the Senate passed comprehensive immigration re-form. After six hearings and 3 weeks of markups—many lasting until very late at night—each of the 18 Senators serv-ing on the committee participated in the process to draft that legislation. I allowed everybody who had an amend-ment to bring it up. We would go back and forth—one Democrat, one Repub-lican, back and forth. We did this day after day, late at night sometimes, but all in public. It was all covered by tele-vision. Not all of us supported the bill, but all of us had a chance to debate and amend it. Even the staunchest oppo-nents of the legislation, including some in the Chamber right now, praised the Judiciary Committee’s transparent and fair process for consideration of that bill. A Vermont editorial at the time called our committee proceedings—be-cause they were open, because every-body had a chance to participate, be-cause the American people could see what we were doing, because we were doing our job—‘‘a lesson in democ-racy.’’ I think it is time for a refresher course. The legal issues before the Supreme Court are significant, and its impor-tance in our constitutional democracy cannot be overstated, nor can the re-sponsibility of both the President to follow his constitutional duty to nomi-nate and the Judiciary Committee’s re-sponsibility to fairly consider a nomi-nee to serve in the highest Court in the land. It is with deep concern I come to the floor. I urge my friend, the chairman, and all members of the Judiciary Com-mittee to renew their commitment to transparency and regular order. I ask that you withhold judgment. I ask those who met behind closed doors to withhold your judgment until you can review the record of whomever the President nominates. I ask you to give the next nominee to the Supreme Court a fair hearing, as we have done in this body—the body should be the conscience of the Nation—for the last 100 years. The American people expect us to do our job. Senator C
OONS is on the floor. The distinguished Senator from Delaware is the ranking member of the Court Sub-committee. I wish to ask Senator C
OONS , through the Chair, what his un-derstanding of the role of the Senate Judiciary Committee with regard to the next Supreme Court nominee is. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I empha-size how important I think the role is of the Senate Judiciary Committee. As many present know, my predecessor, now Vice President B
IDEN, is a former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. As my good friend and colleague from the State of Vermont just reminded us, there is a long and important history on the Senate Judiciary Committee that I think bears repeating; that since its formation a century ago, the Senate Judiciary Committee has provided a hearing, a vote or both for every single Supreme Court nominee. The only ex-ceptions being those that went straight to the floor because their confirma-tions were supported so broadly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.008 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1249 March 3, 2016 
I also think there is a second impor-tant point, if I could briefly touch on it; that even in those instances where a nominee did not enjoy majority sup-port on the committee, even in those instances just cited by the Senator from Vermont, where a majority of the Senate Judiciary Committee voted against a nomination, that nomination proceeded to the floor of the Senate to ensure that advice and consent—our constitutional duty—could be carried forward. If I might ask for the forbearance of the Senator from Vermont for one mo-ment, I also want to set the record straight about what my friend and predecessor then-Senator, now-Vice President B
IDEN actually said in a floor speech back in 1992, a floor speech that has been widely cited as evidence of some new set of so-called Biden rules that are somehow a basis for the ob-structionism we now see—a refusal to even meet with a Supreme Court nomi-nee, let alone give them a fair hearing. I want to take this moment because then-Senator B
IDEN has been quoted out of context. He gave—I am sure this will not surprise some in the Cham-ber—a somewhat long and winding speech. There was no Supreme Court vacancy at the time. He was simply ob-serving what might happen if there were to be a vacancy. While he did, early in the speech, give some com-ments that have been now used, he also gave at the end of his speech a section I want to read. To quote directly: 
I believe that so long as the public con-tinues to split its confidence between the branches, compromise is the responsible course both for the White House and for the Senate. Therefore I stand by my position, Mr. President, if the President [then Presi-dent George H.W. Bush] consults and cooper-ates with the Senate or moderates his selec-tions absent consultation, then his nominees may enjoy my support, as did Justices Ken-nedy and Souter. 
In conclusion, let me remark that what then-Chairman B
IDEN did speaks more loudly even than what he said. I believe his record as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee is unmis-takable. In case after case, he convened and held timely hearings, even in the election year of 1988. It means he con-sidered and confirmed 64 judicial nomi-nees, as late as September in a Presi-dential election year. It means he voted in favor of Justice Kennedy and Justice Souter, nominated by Repub-lican Presidents, and it means that in his speech, in the section I quoted, I think he sent a clear request to then- President George H.W. Bush to work with the Senate, send us a moderate nominee, and I will consider supporting them. I urge the chairman and ranking member, all of us who are members of this important and august committee, to follow the actual Biden rules by working across the aisle, by con-sulting, and by offering a fair, open, and timely hearing for any nominee who should be proffered by our Presi-dent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Delaware for clearing that up. I don’t normally discuss what is said in meetings with the President, but so much has been reported by the two Republicans who were there, the distinguished Senator from Iowa and the distinguished Republican leader. Vice President BIDEN was also there, and he was very clear as to what he meant so that there would be no ques-tion. He also pointed out that right through September, 64 of the Repub-lican President’s nominees went through. I think during President Bush’s last 2 years, I was chairman, and I moved 68 judges. We see a double standard by our friends from the Republican Party when it comes to the courts of appeals judges as well as district judges. In the majority, they have allowed only 16 of President Obama’s judges. Facts do speak louder than words. I thank the distinguished Senator from Delaware for clearing up that matter. I know the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island also has something he wishes to say, and I will yield to him. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I thank the ranking member for that courtesy. Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution states quite clearly that the President shall nominate a can-didate when there is a vacancy in the United States Supreme Court. I would like the record of this discussion to re-flect that the term ‘‘shall,’’ as defined in the Merriam-Webster dictionary— the relevant definition—is A, used to express a command or exhortation, and, B, used in laws, regulations, or di-rectives to express what is mandatory. Under the Constitution that we are all sworn to uphold, the President of the United States has a mandatory duty. I think it is important that he accomplish it and nominate a can-didate. I ask my colleagues to imagine if there were another mandatory duty of the President of the United States that this President refused to perform— imagine the cavalcade of Republican Senators to the studios of Fox News to decry and condemn this President for that omission. This should be no dif-ferent. The President must and will do his constitutional duty. If and when he does that, then the constitutional bur-den of duty moves from the President to the U.S. Senate, and we will then have to decide whether we will abide by our constitutional duty, whether to follow the regular order that so many of us have articulated as an important goal, whether to follow the precedents of previous nominees, whether to act fairly, whether we are going to be an organization here, an institution, that will prejudge a nominee before we even know who he or she is. Prejudge is at the heart of prejudice; it is not a good thing for the Senate to be doing. Fi-nally, we will have to decide what kind of example we want to set to the rest of the world—of a country that follows the regular order as established in its constitution and has its institutions of government do their duty or as a coun-try that will bend, twist, and dodge those responsibilities because of the demands of immediate politics. Those are choices I will address when they come to us. For now I wish only to say that the President’s mandatory duty is clear, and no one should be sur-prised that he performs it. I thank the Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Rhode Island. He is a former attorney general of his State as well as a former U.S. attorney and is well familiar with what the Constitu-tion requires, and I appreciate his urg-ing the U.S. Senate to do its job and follow the Constitution. Mr. President, at this point I will yield to the distinguished senior Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I thank my colleague and our ranking member on the Judiciary Committee not only for his friendship and his ar-ticulateness but his great work on this issue. Just as the President has a constitu-tional responsibility to name a nomi-nee to the Court, the Senate has its constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on the nominee. It is our job. It is the job of this body and spe-cifically the Judiciary Committee to hold hearings on that nominee. This chart says, ‘‘America to Senate Republicans: Do your job.’’ Today we might be saying, ‘‘America to the Judi-ciary Committee: Do your job.’’ The American people expect us to do our job in the Senate and in the commit-tees and do what we are supposed to be doing. As my colleague from Vermont has noted, the Judiciary Committee should be meeting right now at this moment, as we do every Thursday. This would have been the first opportunity for all members of this committee to debate in public the Republican chairman’s unilateral decision to issue a blanket hold on an unnamed Supreme Court nominee. We hold Judiciary meetings on Thursday all the time while legisla-tion is being debated on the floor. There were no votes scheduled. We meet every Thursday. We know why they are not meeting today. They are afraid to discuss the issue. They cannot win the argument that we shouldn’t be doing our job in a public debate. They can’t win the argument that the Judi-ciary Committee shouldn’t be holding hearings. We had the meeting abruptly canceled at the last minute not be-cause CARA is being debated on the floor—CARA is important—but because people didn’t want to debate the issue of the Supreme Court. Let’s face it; that is the truth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.009 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1250 March 3, 2016 
We are not asking the Senate or the Judiciary Committee to be a rubber stamp. I have one more point on the Judici-ary Committee. We are asking our Re-publican colleagues to simply do their job. Hold this body and the Judiciary Committee in some regard. We can dis-agree on the politics, we can disagree on a nominee, but hold a hearing and hold a vote. That is what our constitu-ents sent us here to do. I will remind my dear friend from Iowa, and he is a dear friend, what his own Web site—the Judiciary Commit-tee’s Web site—says is its job. This was pointed out by Senator D
URBIN a few days ago, but I think it is worth re-peating. This is a copy of the Web site of the Judiciary Committee. Here is part of what it says when it comes to nominations. 
When a vacancy occurs on the Supreme Court, the President of the United States is given the authority, under Article II of the United States Constitution, to nominate a person to fill the vacancy. The nomination is referred to the United States Senate, where the Senate Judiciary Committee holds a hearing where the nominee provides testi-mony and responds to questions from mem-bers of the panel. Traditionally, the com-mittee refers the nomination to the full Sen-ate for a vote. 
This is the Web page of the Senate Judiciary Committee. It does not say you hold a hearing when you want to. It does not say you hold a hearing when you like the nominee or only when your party has the Presidency. It says: ‘‘The nomination is’’—not may be; is—‘‘referred to the United States Senate, where the Senate Judiciary Committee holds a hearing where the nominee provides testimony and re-sponds to questions from members of the panel.’’ It doesn’t say the Senate Judiciary Committee might hold a hearing or could at its whim hold a hearing. It says hold a hearing, no qualifiers. We ought to be holding a hearing and we ought to be debating on whether to hold a hearing now in the Chamber of the Judiciary Committee on Thursday at 10 a.m., as we have done week after week after week when other important issues are being debated on the floor of the U.S. Senate. We can do both. We can move CARA—I admit it doesn’t have the funding I would like to see there at this point—and we can meet in the Judiciary Committee. I don’t understand the decision by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, who I believe holds the same reverence that I do and the same rev-erence that the ranking member and former chairman, the Senator from Vermont, does for its profound and his-toric standing in the Senate. I would like to hear directly from the chair-man about the thinking behind his de-cision to unilaterally decide that this committee will have no voice, no abil-ity to examine a nominee’s record and qualifications. Earlier this week, the chairman indi-cated that there are some members of his committee majority who might like to see us hold hearings. He said: As any chairman ought to do, I went to the members of my committee. They all agreed with me for different rea-sons, not just because I am chairman. Some had reluctance, but all signed. The chairman indicated he would consider breaking ranks with his party leader by meeting the potential nomi-nee, Eighth Circuit Court Judge Jane Kelly from his home State of Iowa. He was reluctant to issue the same across- the-board denial. I understand his re-luctance. He is a good man. CHUCK  G
RASSLEY is a good man. He comes from the heartland of America and rep-resents its finest values. I regret to say it, but I think politics are pulling him off course here, and I hope he will re-turn because he is a good man and I un-derstand the reluctance of Senators to sign that letter. Senators did not come to Washington to do that. The Sen-ators know the folks out there want them to do their job. Editorial boards across the country have castigated this policy of obstruc-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. SCHUMER. Almost every poll shows the majority of Americans favor action. Mr. President, just one more point. It is not right to do what the com-mittee is doing, and I sincerely hope the chairman will reconsider his posi-tion. If Republicans truly respect the Constitution, they should follow it and consider a nomination from the sitting President rather than play political games. I yield back to my dear friend, our outstanding leader on the Judiciary Committee, Senator L
EAHY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I realize our time has expired, but I ask unani-mous consent that I be able to yield the floor for my colloquy but that I be followed for 5 minutes by the distin-guished senior Senator from Con-necticut and that he be followed by the distinguished senior Senator from Min-nesota for 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
RASSLEY ). I am in the Chair and prob-ably can’t participate, but I want to make it clear that I want the manager of the bill to speak so—— Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, could we have regular order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. I am ex-ercising my prerogative. If I don’t have that prerogative, then I object. The Chair recognizes the Senator from North Carolina. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, may I make a unanimous consent request? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair recognizes the Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. I thank the Presiding Officer. Mr. President, I didn’t have any in-tention to speak today, but one of the blessings of being a freshman Member is you get the opportunity to preside and hear the arguments that are going on in the Chamber and the discussion about the SCOTUS nomination. We are going to have to agree to disagree with our friends from across the aisle on the SCOTUS nomination. Let’s take a look at what is going on here. In North Carolina, over the past 24 hours, some four people have died of a drug overdose. We had more deaths as-sociated with drug overdoses than we had with car accidents last year. So what is going on here? Back in 2008, there was an opioid epidemic. There was a supermajority in the U.S. Senate. There was a Democrat in the White House and a majority in the House of Representatives. No action. In 2010, the epidemic was growing. In places in New England, in the Midwest, down in the South, people were dying. Yet there was no action. Now this Congress has taken action. I think it is time to move the CARA bill. To hold hostage the CARA bill and shift the discussion to a genuine dis-agreement we have with the minority on SCOTUS is literally costing lives. For those who sit here and want to hold up the CARA bill for the purposes of discussing the SCOTUS nomination, we don’t even have a nominee yet. There is going to be plenty of time in committee and plenty of time on the floor to debate this difference of opin-ion between the minority and the ma-jority. But in the meantime, for people who would hold up passing the CARA bill over the SCOTUS nomination, what are you going to tell the two peo-ple—last week, two friends of mine, when they heard my speech on the Sen-ate floor, came to me and said: Thank you for moving this bill. I lost my son a year and a half ago. Two of my friends have told me: Thank you for helping us increase the visibility and get to a point to where we are saving these lives. Those who would hold up the CARA bill, what are you going the tell the first responders who, if they had naloxone, could have potentially saved the life of somebody who has fallen on the floor and died? What are you going to tell them? What are you going to tell the law enforcement officers who are trying to help people live who have succumbed to addiction and opioid abuse? What are you going to tell them by holding up this bill? What are you going to tell the parents who are strug-gling, who need help with education, who need help with their incarcerated children who may have succumbed to addiction, who did a wrong thing and are in prison and now need help? They need to be rehabilitated. They need to be saved. At some point, we need to recognize that we do need to do things sepa-rately. We need to recognize that it is disgraceful to hold up the CARA bill over a genuine disagreement we are going to have for months. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.011 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1251 March 3, 2016 
I am one of the Senators in the Judi-ciary Committee who signed the letter. I do not believe that until we hear the vote of the people, we should hear a SCOTUS nomination. But I am not here to talk about SCOTUS today. I am here to talk about saving lives. I am here to talk about addressing the ad-diction problem that is growing. I am here to talk about the sad, heart-breaking stories of families across this Nation who are starving for help. This bill helps. This bill appropriates over $100 million that can be spent be-tween now and the end of September to save lives. If I come to the floor tomor-row, I am going to be talking about four more lives that have been lost in North Carolina, some that could have been saved if we would just do our job. There is a lot of discussion about doing our job, right? Let’s do our job and get CARA passed. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask my colleague from North Carolina to yield for a question. Mr. TILLIS. I yield. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you. I appre-ciate the courtesy. I so understand what you are saying. A week ago, I held in my arms a father whose son had committed suicide while waiting for treatment, so I understand the impor-tance of the bill we have before us. I don’t see why we can’t do both things at once. The Senator from North Carolina has sat with me while we debated important bills on the floor and met in the Judiciary Committee, and all of a sudden, at the last minute, the rug is pulled out from under that meeting. It was scheduled. The CARA bill was scheduled to be debated, and we could meet in the Judiciary Com-mittee. I am sure my colleague will admit that the issue with the Supreme Court is important, too, just as CARA is. So could he explain to me why we couldn’t do both—have our meeting in the Judi-ciary Committee and let those who want to be in the Judiciary Committee speak there and let those who want to speak on CARA speak here? No votes were scheduled. I am right about that, correct? So just explain how one delays the other. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I actually was speaker of the house in North Carolina for 4 years. I like a good scrap. I don’t have any problem with going to a committee hearing and ex-plaining why I have taken the position I have on the judicial nomination. But that is not what I am talking about today. I am talking about over the next 24 hours, four more people are going to die from overdoses in North Carolina. I am trying to figure out what I say to that mother and that fa-ther to say, well, gosh, you know, things got gummed up here because we decided to connect two unrelated issues. One has to do with the Supreme Court nomination, and that is very im-portant. It is critically important. I get that. But what is more important than saving lives of people who we know are going to die? The data is compelling. Folks, we have to get to a point where we get Washington working again, and you don’t do it by playing chess. I am not an attorney. I am not a constitutional scholar. But I am a fa-ther and somebody who spends a lot of time in my State. I think we have reached a point where we need to get serious with it. We are creating obsta-cles on CARA that don’t exist. People are absolutely costing lives by failing to move on this bill. Let’s have a fight. Let’s have a com-mittee hearing. I like a good scrap. I am looking forward to having that de-bate. I am looking forward to the his-tory of other positions that have been taken by my friends across the aisle on how to dispose of nominations from the President. I am happy to do that. But I want this bill passed. I want to be able to go back to the people in North Carolina and say: We are doing every-thing we possibly can to save lives. That is what CARA does. That is why we need to act. Mr. SCHUMER. Will the Senator yield? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who seeks the floor? Mr. SCHUMER. I seek to ask another question of my friend from North Caro-lina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, we were supposed to be here moving the bill for-ward. We need to make it clear that we were going to vote on amendments on CARA today to draw down the backlog and move the bill. The Presiding Offi-cer decided to have the meeting off the floor so that we could move judicial nominations. We weren’t going to take up legislation there. I think what we need to do is get back to the work of disposing of amendments, making the bill better potentially, and getting it to the House and getting it to the President’s desk. That is what I am talking about. This is the capacity. We have limited capac-ity in this Chamber. You all know the procedural games you can play around here. The limitations of time are nu-merous. We are just creating more of that. We are gumming up the works while people are dying. One person every 6 hours in the State of North Carolina is dying from a drug overdose. If we delay by 6 hours, we are respon-sible for a life in North Carolina. These are lives we can save. We need to dis-pose of the amendments on this bill and move it to the House. Mr. President, I apologize if I am angry, but when lives are involved, when youth is involved, I think it is time for us to do our job. Our job is to dispose of amendments and move this bill to the House of Representatives. Thank you. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, will my colleague yield for a question? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator yield? Mr. TILLIS. Yes, sir. Mr. SCHUMER. I ask my colleague, is it true that we have had debates in the committee in the committee room while important discussions have been carried on here in other instances? Is that true or false? Mr. TILLIS. I say to Senator S
CHU-
MER, it is true. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you. Mr. TILLIS. But I don’t see its rel-evance to the task at hand. That is the problem—— Mr. SCHUMER. Will the Senator yield? Mr. TILLIS. If I may completely an-swer the question, that is the problem with this process. I hear that. I see the Kabuki dances going on. What I want to do is dispose of the amendments on the CARA bill and do our job. Let’s do our job. Our job is to pass legislation and in this case save lives. So I get that we need to do the other things, but let’s get to the task at hand. Let’s do our job. I am prepared to do the job. I will stay here all weekend long. I will work 24/7 until this bill gets passed. Why don’t we focus on that and intro-duce a little humanity into the discus-sion? I get the procedural issues. We need to have the debates in Judiciary. I am perfectly happy to do that. I want this bill passed. I want Members to come down to this floor, pass amend-ments, draw down the queue, and send this bill to the President’s desk. Let’s do our job. I am prepared to do my job today, tomorrow, Saturday, Sunday, and through all of next week if that is what it takes to get this done. I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will be too. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has yielded the floor. Who seeks recognition? The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as one who has held a lot of hearings on opioids, as one who has brought to-gether law enforcement, the medical community, parents, the faith commu-nity, and physicians in my State on the opioid matter, I am perfectly happy that the Republicans control the sched-ule and perfectly happy that they want to stay here today, tomorrow, the next day, and go forth. Mr. SCHUMER. Will my colleague yield for one more question? Mr. LEAHY. Certainly. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Mr. President. I would just ask you, our ranking member, haven’t we been able in the past to hold meetings in the Judiciary Committee and debate bills on the floor? Mr. LEAHY. We did hate crimes leg-islation on the floor at the same time we were doing a Supreme Court nomi-nation. Those are pretty significant things. It can be done. Mr. SCHUMER. One more question to my colleague. Has the leader filed clo-ture, which would move this to a con-clusion? As best to your knowledge, has the leader filed cloture? Because if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.012 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1252 March 3, 2016 
he hasn’t, we are not holding up any-thing. Mr. President, I would suggest to my colleague from North Carolina that if he wants to move the bill quickly, he ought to go to the leader and say ‘‘File cloture,’’ not say ‘‘Delay a meeting in the Judiciary Committee’’; is that right? Have you heard of the leader filing cloture yet? Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, my un-derstanding is that cloture has not been filed. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you. Mr. LEAHY. I would agree with the Presiding Officer. I will stay here Fri-day, Saturday, and Sunday and vote and pass this, I would hope with actu-ally putting money in it so we are not just passing something symbolically without teeth. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. I would ask the Senator from Vermont a question, if he would take it. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, without losing my right to the floor, I yield to answer the question, yes. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I heard what they said about the meet-ing being canceled today, because we could have held the meeting off the floor and voted out three judges. So somehow that interfered with what they wanted to do in the Judiciary Committee meeting. I asked for an ac-commodation. I asked the ranking member for the same accommodation I gave his side when we canceled a hear-ing on the EB–5 Program earlier this week. And a hearing obviously doesn’t take the same time away from the floor as a markup might. So con-sequently I am asking the ranking member if that accommodation isn’t worth the accommodation that I asked today. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, address-ing the distinguished Member through the Chair, he is well aware of my con-cern and the difference between EB–5, which we debate all the time, and a Su-preme Court nomination. This goes be-yond apples and oranges. There is abso-lutely no comparison. I think the Republicans having had a closed-door meeting where a small per-centage of the Senate decided there should be no debate or discussion on a Supreme Court nomination—there is no way that having a closed-door meet-ing off the floor is something that—it wouldn’t pass the giggle test. I think all of us, both Democrats and Repub-licans, would have been rightly criti-cized by the press if we had done that. This is anything but routine. We are talking about the Supreme Court. I ask unanimous consent to yield 5 minutes to the distinguished senior Senator from Connecticut and then 5 minutes to the distinguished senior Senator from Minnesota. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I am always honored to be in this Chamber, and I feel immensely privileged to partici-pate in any debate. But I must say, Mr. President, that the average American listening to the colloquy that has been conducted just within the past few minutes would regard it somewhat in disbelief, maybe dismay, because the Presiding Officer is absolutely right that the people of our States are lit-erally dying as a result of the heroin and opioid epidemic that has created a public health hurricane, a crisis of un-told proportion. This body should and hopefully will pass a bill that will help to address that public health crisis. It is only a downpayment, only a first step, and only effective if accompanied by fund-ing, an emergency supplemental nec-essary to provide the real resources to address this problem. But this body is capable of passing that bill and still de-bating whether there should be a hear-ing and vote on the President’s Su-preme Court nominee. The voting on the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act, also known as CARA, is within the control of the majority. That is a simple fact. As Ronald Reagan said, facts are stubborn things. The fact is that control of the votes on that measure are within the prerogative of the majority. In the meantime, the majority also has the power and authority to say we will have a hearing and a vote on the President’s Supreme Court nominee; we will do our job. That is what Sen-ators are elected to do. That is why we have come to the floor of the Senate to say that the Senate must do its job. It has a constitutional duty. It has no dis-cretion whether it should wait for a po-litically opportune time to do its job or whether it should hear from its base politically. It should do its job when the President submits his nominee. What may be most regrettable about this debate and about the majority leadership’s refusal to have a hearing and a vote on the President’s nominee is that it demonstrates political mach-ination—game playing—that threatens the Supreme Court as an institution. It endangers its credibility and trust. The Supreme Court has no armies or police force. It depends, for the enforceability of its decisions, on its credibility and trust. And when it is demeaned in the eyes of the public, when its stature is diminished, when it is dragged into the political morass of a partisan debate and partisan paralysis, its credibility and trust and its stature are vastly di-minished, and its powers and institu-tion are in danger. I am dismayed that these machina-tions tend to diminish and demean this institution where I worked for a year as a law clerk for Supreme Court Jus-tice Harry Blackmun, where I argued cases when I was attorney general, and where I was yesterday on those steps with the same awe and admiration and, indeed, reverence that the American people should feel for an institution above politics, higher than the ordi-nary give-and-take and contention that occurs on this floor and throughout the political institution. The refusal to even consider having a hearing, having a vote, having a meeting with the President’s nominee endangers this in-stitution. Elections have consequences. We all say so. Obstruction has consequences too. The failure to consider these nomi-nees means that critical decisions will be left undecided. I urge my colleagues to enable us to have a vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The time of the Senator has expired. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. May I have just 1 more minute? Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator B
LUMENTHAL be granted three more minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Thank you. Madam President, I want to close with the words of Justice Scalia, who said, when he was asked to recuse him-self, that leaving the Court potentially equally divided 4 to 4—that a 4-to-4 vote was to be avoided if possible. He said: 
With eight justices [it] rais[es] the possi-bility that, by reason of a tie vote, [the Court] will find itself unable to resolve the significant legal issue presented by the case. . . . Even one unnecessary recusal impairs the functioning of the Court. 
Even one unnecessary 4-to-4 vote im-pairs the stature and credibility and the effectiveness of the Court. I urge all of us to move forward with the President’s nominee when it is made. Thank you, Madam President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Connecticut, especially since he brings a wealth of knowledge here. He was one of the most noted attorneys general of his State. Also, he has that very unique knowledge of one of the most highly sought positions—a clerk to a member of the U.S. Supreme Court. In many ways, these are the people who have a closer view. So Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL ’s experience as a clerk of the Supreme Court is some-thing none of us should ignore. Madam President, I ask to be able to yield to the distinguished senior Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I thank the senior Senator from Vermont for the opportunity to speak. I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ISIS 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise to discuss the United States and coali-tion strategy to bring about a lasting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.014 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1253 March 3, 2016 
defeat of the terrorist group ISIS, often known by different acronyms, such as ISIL, as well as Daesh. I will use the acronym ISIS. We know that ISIS proposes a direct threat to our partners in the Middle East and is exporting its distorted, hateful ideology to other nations, in-cluding here in the United States. Be-ginning in 2014, I have pressed the ad-ministration to take action against the financial and facilitation networks that support ISIS. The administration has done good work, but much more re-mains to be done. In mid-February, I traveled to a number of countries in the region, in-cluding Israel, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey to conduct oversight of our strategy to cut off the financial net-works that support terrorist groups like ISIS. I found that the events of the last 2 years have brought the issue of terrorism financing into sharper focus, and certainly into sharper focus for the countries in the region. ISIS attacks in places like Saudi Arabia and Qatar should be a wakeup call for gulf coun-tries. Terrorist financiers not only sup-port ISIS, but they present a direct threat to their own internal security and stability—the security and sta-bility of these gulf countries—as well as other countries the world over. While coalition partners are taking steps in the right direction, much more work remains to be done. We need to see more investigations turn into more arrests, more prosecutions, more sen-tencing, and more accountability in these countries that will take these criminals and terrorists off the streets. It also became clear to me on my visit to the region that we need to improve upon the international architecture that cuts off terrorist financiers and facilitators from the international fi-nancial system. As a first step, coun-tries should seek to meet the require-ments to be a member in good standing of the Financial Action Task Force, known by the acronym FATF. This is a multinational, intergovernmental or-ganization tasked with addressing money laundering and financial crimes. Countries also need to take steps to address the ways terrorist financiers use the black market and the gray market to facilitate their work. For example, in Turkey, my last stop on my visit to the region, I came away with the impression that the Turkish Government is not adequately prioritizing efforts to stop foreign fighter movements and the illicit smuggling of cash, oil, antiquities, and IED precursor components across its southern border. As terrorist fin-anciers’ tactics evolve, our strategies must improve and respond. For exam-ple, more work needs to be done to reg-ulate and to cut off the informal ex-change houses in countries bordering ISIS-occupied territory, which may be the primary way that ISIS gains access to the international financial system. Much more work remains to be done, and the United States should continue leading the effort. At every stop, I was impressed by the good work of our U.S. military personnel and diplomats. One of the highlights of my trip was the afternoon I spent at the Al Udeid Air Base in Doha. I spent time at the Combined Air Op-erations Center, known as the CAOC, where elements from all U.S. services and representatives of many of our coa-lition partners worked together to co-ordinate and execute air operations against ISIS. I also received a classi-fied briefing from the AFCENT com-mander, Lt. Gen. Brown, which, of course, I cannot detail here. But Gen-eral Brown has said publicly: ‘‘Success-ful strikes on oil facilities and on mon-etary centers have resulted in Daesh cutting pay to their fighters and in-creased the amount of money available to conduct and fund their operations.’’ This is an important development. It is important to note that U.S.-led air strikes are having a profound impact on ISIS’s financial operations. As lawmakers, we must continue to critically evaluate and develop con-structive policies to bring about a last-ing defeat of ISIS. We cannot abdicate our oversight responsibilities. To my colleagues who say we are doing ‘‘noth-ing’’ to fight ISIS, I encourage them to go to a place like the Al Udeid Air Base, meet directly with senior leaders who are bringing the fight to ISIS, and see firsthand the incredible work of our servicemembers, just as I did in the middle of February. We need to hear directly from military commanders and national security experts before of-fering prescriptions like increasing troop levels in Iraq or expanding the mission sets our military is currently executing. We owe it to these men and women to have a robust, bipartisan debate about this strategy and to vote on an author-ization for the use of military force, vote on legislation to cut off financing, vote on bills to promote humanitarian aid—all of the elements of this strat-egy. Rather than conducting oversight by sound bite and oversight by categorical condemnation, let’s have a serious de-bate on this critical national security issue. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, we have had quite a discussion this morning on why the Judiciary Com-mittee didn’t meet. We were prepared to meet the same way we often meet when there is just maybe 5 minutes of business. We meet off the Senate floor so that we can do both the work of the entire Senate and the work of the Judiciary committee. That happens often. And that’s the ac-commodation I asked for from the mi-nority. But they objected. Of course, they asked me to accommodate them on a hearing that I had scheduled for earlier this week on the EB 5 immigra-tion issue. I postponed that hearing be-cause minority members of the Judici-ary Committee didn’t want to have that hearing when this very important opioid addiction bill was on the floor. The heroin addiction bill is before the United States Senate with 44,000 lives being lost in a year because of that ad-diction. And we’re considering impor-tant legislation to solve that problem. I did not get that accommodation, so I canceled the meeting. So what we heard on the floor here, while my colleagues were holding up the opioid bill, all this talk about hav-ing a debate about the next nominee to the Supreme Court—a nominee that hasn’t even been made yet. So I come to the floor now to respond to just a couple ridiculous arguments that my friends made this morning. First of all, we are going to have a debate about the Supreme Court and the proper role of a Supreme Court Justice in our constitutional system. We are going to debate whether or not the American people want yet another Justice who decides cases based on what is in his or her heart or whether they want a Justice who will decide cases based on the Constitution and the law. That is not my estimation of the debate; that is exactly what this President said regarding previous judges and Justices. He said he was looking for somebody who would have empathy for people who came before the Court. Having empathy for people that come before the Court means that you are supposed to do something dif-ferent than what judges are supposed to do. Judges are supposed to look at the facts and the law and base their de-cisions on the law. They aren’t sup-posed to base their decisions on per-sonal feelings. We are a nation based on the rule of law. So this is what the American people have to think about and decide. They need to have a voice in this process. As Senator BIDEN said in 1992 or as Senator S
CHUMER said in 2007—we are not going to consider a Supreme Court nominee during a heat-ed Presidential election. So we have an opportunity to have a national debate. This whole debate is about whether we are going to have Justices who decide cases based on empathy rather than the letter of the Constitution and the letter of the statute. On the second point, we have heard a lot of complaining around here—and I suspect we are going to hear a lot more—because Senate judiciary Repub-licans met and then made public our decision not to hold hearings on the Supreme Court nomination during a heated Presidential election year. Give me a break. We made a decision based on history and our intention to protect the ability of the American people to make their voices heard. We didn’t play games, just as Senator B
IDEN wasn’t playing games when he gave that 20,000-word speech in 1992 where he said that we shouldn’t have a lameduck President make a nomination during a Presi-dential election campaign, just like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.017 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1254 March 3, 2016 
Senator S CHUMER said in 2007 before the American Constitution Society, 18 months before George W. Bush was out of office. So that is the historical ap-proach. Very plain and open, both Democrats and Republicans taking the same tone so the people could make their voices heard. The American peo-ple should be heard not only on who is going to fill Justice Scalia’s seat, but also on the proper role of the Supreme Court and whether or not the Court ought to be a legislative body. Like I said, we made that decision and immediately made it public. I don’t remember being invited to the se-cret meetings that the Democrats held before they walked onto the Senate floor in November of 2013 and invoked the nuclear option so they could pack the D.C. circuit. We wanted to save taxpayer money. The D.C. circuit is the least worked circuit court in the coun-try. Everyone knew you didn’t need three more judges. That court was fair-ly evenly divided between liberals and conservatives. But because that court reviews the President’s Executive or-ders and regulations, this President wanted to make sure he had enough judges on that court, so that when the court reviews the actions he takes with his pen and phone, he would get favor-able rulings. So they packed the D.C. circuit, so that is why we had the nu-clear option, because the other side had to get around the 60-vote rule that we had here for the approval of judges. I also keep hearing this claim Sen-ator B
IDEN, when he was chairman of the committee, should be praised for how he handled the Bork-Kennedy epi-sode. Now, I happened to be here in 1987. I saw what happened to Robert Bork. I saw how he was smeared. And because he was smeared, that seat re-mained open and was filled in early 1988. If that is the other side’s argu-ment, then I think we all know how weak their position is. Finally, let me say this. I said yes-terday and I want to say it again, the other side knows that this nominee isn’t going to get confirmed. Everyone knows it. The only reason that they are complaining about a hearing on the nominee is because they want to make the process as political as possible. And that goes to the heart of the matter. We are not going to politicize this process in the middle of a Presidential election year. We are going to let the people have a voice. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KING. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KING. Madam President, I lis-tened with great attentiveness to the very distinguished chair of the Judici-ary Committee, whom I have the ut-most respect for, but I feel that I must respond, given this important question that is not before this body but should be. The first point this Senator would make is that the term ‘‘lameduck’’ is being used rather loosely. Lameduck, as I have always understood it, is the period between the election and a swearing-in of a successor. A lameduck Congress is the Congress before Novem-ber and January. A lameduck Presi-dent is the President’s term between November and January. I think, as I have always understood the use of that term, to apply it to a President who is in the middle part or early part of the fourth year of his or her term is not an accurate characterization or usage of the term ‘‘lameduck.’’ The distinguished chairman said we are going to have a debate. I am de-lighted to hear that. The question is, When? I wasn’t here in 1992. I wasn’t here in 1987. I wasn’t here in 2007. So I am trying to figure out how to respond to this situation, how to understand this situation, with reference to the Constitution. There are lots of provisions in the Constitution that are subject to windy law review articles, to lengthy court decisions, to interpretation, to charac-terization of what they actually mean, what was the original intent of the Framers, and all of those complicated issues of discussion, dissection, and ex-plication. But the word ‘‘four,’’ as in one, two, three, four, and the word ‘‘shall,’’ as in ‘‘shall do something,’’ are not among those confusing terms. I would submit that the President has a constitutional obligation to sub-mit a nominee to this body and this body has a constitutional obligation to consider that nomination—not an obli-gation to confirm, not an obligation to say yes, but an obligation to consider it. The Presidential term is 4 years; it is not 3 years and 1 month. That is in the Constitution. Article II, section 2, says the President ‘‘shall nominate . . . Ministers . . . Judges of the supreme Court . . . with the Advice and Consent of the Senate.’’ I would not for a minute presuppose what the decision of the Senate should be, but to argue that the Senate will not even hear the nomination, will not discuss it, will not debate it—in fact, some of the Members have said they will not even meet the person, with no knowledge whatsoever of who this per-son is. The President may nominate a person who is a combination of Aris-totle, Thomas Jefferson, and St. Thom-as of Aquinas, but he or she is not even going to be met with. I don’t under-stand that as a matter of interpreta-tion of the Constitution. There is a lot of discussion about the people ‘‘should have a role’’ in this de-cision. The Constitution makes that clear. They do have that role when they elect the President of the United States for a 4-year term, not for a 3- year, 1-month term. I can see no wiggle room on the President’s obligation to submit a nominee to this body. This decision to stall this nomination, to not meet with a nominee, to not hold hearings, to not hold a debate, to not hold a discussion, has profound implications for the Court because the reality is this means the Court will be without a Justice for essentially two terms. We lost Justice Scalia in February. The term of the Court doesn’t end until later this spring. He will not be present for the final decisionmaking on the matters that have been before the Court this term. Then, if we wait until a new President is elected, the new President comes into office on January 20, 2017, and submits a new nomination almost immediately. Let’s say it is within the first 2 weeks of his or her taking office. The average time for consideration of a Justice is between 60 and 90 days. We are into February, March, April, and that is into the next term of the U.S. Supreme Court. By de-laying this decision, we are basically going to leave the Court without a Jus-tice, in contravention to the explicit provision of the Constitution, for what amounts to two terms. This Senator wants to be very clear: I am not saying that there is any con-stitutional obligation on this body to approve the President’s nominee, but I believe there is a constitutional obliga-tion to consider that nominee. That is really what we are debating. I am delighted to hear the distin-guished chairman say we are going to have this debate, but we ought to have it now, under the Constitution, which requires the President to submit a nominee and, I would argue, requires this body to at least consider that nominee, to hold hearings, to let the people hear who the nominee is, to hear what their views are, and to make the decision within this body whether this nominee should be approved for this incredibly important, august, and solemn obligation to undertake as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Again, ‘‘four’’ and ‘‘shall’’ are not de-batable propositions. Whether or not the Senate should confirm is clearly within the discretion of every Senator in this body, but to say that we will not have the opportunity to make that decision I think is contrary to the Con-stitution. It is contrary to the best in-terests of the American people, and I am surprised, frankly, that my col-leagues are taking this position. No-body is saying how they have to vote. If they don’t like the nominee, they can vote them down, but why not have a hearing, why not have a debate, why not have a discussion, why not find out who this person is? The President may nominate someone who is of great ap-peal to both sides of this body. I would hope that the distinguished chair of the committee would recon-sider his decision—the committee’s de-cision—to not even hold a hearing and to carry out what I believe is the obli-gation to at least hear the nomina-tion—not approve it, but to at least 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.018 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1255 March 3, 2016 
hear it—and therefore let the American people participate in this discussion. Therefore, let the American people par-ticipate in this discussion. But let’s also follow the explicit provisions of the Constitution that require the President to submit a nominee and, I believe, require us to at least consider it, if not approve. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I come to the floor to talk about the pending legislation, which is very im-portant. It actually enjoys broad bipar-tisan support, and I am optimistic we can get it done. Before I talk about that, I wish to comment on some of the things that have been said on the floor with regard to the vacancy created by the death of Antonin Scalia. First, the Democratic leader, Senator R
EID, clearly wants to apply a different set of rules when Republicans are in the majority than he did when Demo-crats were in the majority. That is very clear. People may get lost in some of the arcane and convoluted nature of the ar-guments we make on the floor, but the American people understand hypocrisy when they see it. Clearly, in 2005, when President George W. Bush was Presi-dent, Senator R
EIDmade this state-ment: 
The duties of the Senate are set forth in the U.S. Constitution. Nowhere in that docu-ment does it say the Senate has a duty to give Presidential appointees a vote. 
We actually agreed with Senator R
EIDthen. But to have him come to the floor and lambaste the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and others in a very personal way is surely beneath the dignity of this body and of any Senator. Somehow the Democratic leader feels as if the rules that apply to the rest of us simply don’t apply to him. He comes to the floor and tries to provoke fights. We actually have some important work to get done, and we will get it done on this Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, the so-called CARA Act. I wish to make another point clear. Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee agreed in a united way to the same principle that our Democratic colleagues have argued for decades. During an election year, a Supreme Court nominee should not be con-firmed. I previously had spoken about Senator J
OEBIDEN making that point when he was chairman of the Judiciary Committee back in 1992. In 2005, Sen-ator R
EIDmade that point. In 2007, Senator S
CHUMER , the heir apparent to the Democratic leadership, made the same point. But, again, they feel that now the rules should apply differently under a Democratic majority than they do under a Republican majority. We are not a rubberstamp for the President of the United States. The Constitution says as much. We can grant consent or we can withhold con-sent. I, for one, am for withholding consent to the confirmation of another liberal on the U.S. Supreme Court. We have seen the types of Justices that President Obama has nominated: Jus-tice Kagan, Justice Sotomayor—clear-ly on the left in terms of the balance of power on the U.S. Supreme Court. To simply give President Obama the abil-ity to appoint somebody who is going to change the balance of the Supreme Court to tilt left for the next 25 or 30 years is simply unacceptable. So it really doesn’t make any dif-ference who the President nominates. I am sure they will be very much in the same mold as the two Justices that he has already nominated: Justice Kagan and Justice Sotomayor. I say that with respect to them as people. They are en-titled to their opinions just as we are, but their decisions make fundamental changes in the United States. And it is not just for a term of office; it is lit-erally for a generation. We are not going to stand by and allow President Obama—on his way out the door as a lameduck President—to change the balance of power on the Supreme Court for the next 25 to 30 years. Madam President, now to a more pleasant topic. I actually have been en-couraged, despite the disagreement we have with our friends across the aisle on the Supreme Court, to see that there is interest in actually getting some work done. I hope that does not cause us to fail to do our duty when it comes to places we agree on, such as the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act. This bill has been the result of a lot of hard work and bipartisan discus-sions. I thank the leadership and chair-man of the Judiciary Committee, Sen-ator GRASSLEY , as he made this a pri-ority. This wasn’t just for Republicans who were proposing we move on this legislation. Senator K
LOBUCHAR and Senator W
HITEHOUSE on the Demo-cratic side, and Senator P
ORTMAN , Sen-ator T
OOMEY and Senator A YOTTE on the Republican side brought this to ev-eryone’s attention, primarily because of the devastating impact of the opioid prescription drug abuse problem and the heroin problem in their parts of the country, but it affects the whole coun-try. I am thankful that the Democratic leadership understands that this legis-lation should not be taken as a par-tisan hostage because it is about help-ing to restore communities and fami-lies from the effects of drug addiction and it is about stemming the tide of a massive epidemic of opioid drug use and addiction that continues to claim lives across the country. It is an exam-ple of how in the 114th Congress, since the beginning of last year, we have ac-tually been able to work together with our colleagues across the aisle. Before that, under the leadership of the Senator from Nevada, this institu-tion was deadlocked. It wasn’t just when Republicans were in the major-ity. When Democrats were in the ma-jority, even they could not get votes on amendments. It is pretty hard to ex-plain that back home: Yes I am in the majority, but it doesn’t make any dif-ference in terms of my ability to get things done for the people I represent. I actually am very pleased that we have been working our way through this legislation and other legislation that could help advance good policies that positively impact the lives of the American people on a daily basis. Madam President, another effort we have worked on in the Judiciary Com-mittee has to do with the intersection of mental illness and the criminal jus-tice system. I recently met with a number of major county sheriffs, and I was introduced to the sheriff of Los Angeles County. He said: I am the larg-est mental health provider in the coun-try—the sheriff of Los Angeles. The fact is, after we deinstitutionalized people with mental illness, basically there was no safety net for them, no continuing treatment for their needs, so they either end up in jails or living homeless on our streets. I have introduced legislation, and Chairman GRASSLEY allowed us to have a hearing on it. I think it was very in-structive. It was also very interesting. I say this to my friend from Maine: It is one of the few times we have actu-ally had a consensus panel of wit-nesses. I think on some committees in the Senate that is a common practice, but usually in the Judiciary Com-mittee things are so polarized that we rarely have a consensus panel. But we did on the issue of mental illness. Reforming our country’s mental health system has become an area of real bipartisan consensus as well, along with criminal justice reform. In order to protect our communities and to get help to the people with mental illness, we actually need to act. What has also become clear is that many people who struggle with mental illness suffer from addiction and sub-stance abuse. In many instances they self-medicate. They have a mental ill-ness, they cannot deal with it, they are not getting the prescriptions they need from their doctors, so they end up drinking or taking drugs. These are so- called co-occurring disorders. It is esti-mated that more than 10 million Amer-icans suffer from both addiction and mental health disorders—co-occurring disorders. Unfortunately, many mental health services such as specialty courts—drug courts, veterans courts, and the like—have operated on sepa-rate tracks and treat only one aspect of the problem. Someone with a history of drug abuse and mental illness may be sent to a drug court where their mental health needs are not taken into account. By definition, a drug court deals with people with drug problems, not necessarily mental health issues. When that happens, the underlying problem isn’t addressed at all. I have submitted an amendment to this legislation that will address this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.019 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1256 March 3, 2016 
common link between mental illness and substance abuse in the criminal justice system. It would direct existing programs to apply to co-occurring dis-orders as well, so that people suffering from both addiction and mental health problems are not seen and treated for just one of those problems. It seems as if it makes sense. It would also expand substance abuse and transitional services to help people suffering from co-occurring disorders to receive the appropriate treatment they need in order to get back on their feet. This amendment has been cospon-sored by the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, the senior Senator from Ten-nessee, whom I thank for his important contribution to this effort. It also has the support of many stakeholders around the country, including the Na-tional Alliance on Mental Illness and the National Association of Police Or-ganizations. I hope, when the time comes, our col-leagues will support this amendment as a commonsense measure that will help those suffering from both mental health and addiction problems, and I believe it will make the underlying bill that much stronger. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. DONNELLY. Madam President, I rise today to talk about the vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court. Following the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia—and our condolences to his family and our gratitude for all his hard work on behalf of his coun-try—the time has now come for the President to nominate a new Justice and for the Senate to do its job and to review, consider, and either confirm or reject the President’s nominee. That is our job. Hoosiers don’t ask much, but they do expect common sense. Do your job; treat people fairly. That is what we ex-pect from neighbors, friends, and fam-ily, and it is certainly what we expect from those elected to serve us in Wash-ington. Back home in Indiana, we have a proud tradition of Senators who have embodied that approach by looking be-yond partisanship and giving full and fair consideration to a President’s nominee. They don’t have to vote yes, they don’t have to vote no, but we should at least listen and do our job. That is what the people of Indiana elected me to do. That is what people across the country elect my colleagues in the Senate to do, even when the tim-ing is inconvenient for one side or the other. The confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice should not be taken lightly, and it deserves careful consideration and open debate. Senators, using their best judgment, are free to ultimately reject whomever the President nominates. But to refuse to hold a hearing? To refuse to consider any candidate? I know my colleague from Maine talk about Aristotle or Aquinas. They might be two good can-didates for the Supreme Court. But to not consider any candidate before the President has even chosen a nominee is a dereliction of our most basic duty to faithfully serve our country. Some of my colleagues have been steadfast in promising they would not meet with a nominee, let alone hold a hearing or allow a vote—would not even meet. Common sense tells you that is not right. I hope they will re-consider their position. U.S. Senators, myself included, were elected to do a job, to do a job for our Nation—not only when it is conven-ient, but every day, every day we have been hired by the people back home to work here to stand for our country. That job includes considering and vot-ing on nominees to the Supreme Court. Let’s do the job we were elected to do. Madam President, I yield the floor. Mr. KING. Madam President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, there has been a great deal of discus-sion on the floor of the Senate about the current vacancy on the Supreme Court. Democrats want to fill it imme-diately. Republicans are much more in-terested in making sure the American people have an opportunity to weigh in on this very important decision. This is a lifetime appointment—a lifetime appointment—and the stakes could not be higher for our country. So it is perfectly reasonable to wait for the next President to make this crit-ical nomination. It is also exactly the precedent that Democrats in this body, in the Senate, created for situations just like this one. First of all, let’s remember it is not uncommon for there to be a vacancy on the Court. Sometimes the seat can be empty for even more than a year. There are eight Justices now. Two of them have already said they can han-dle the work that is available in front of them now with the seat vacant. Justice Alito said so, as did Justice Breyer. Now Justice Breyer, of course, was appointed by President Clinton. When Justice Breyer was asked the other day about the death of Justice Scalia, he said: ‘‘We’ll miss him, but we’ll do our work.’’ He has said: ‘‘For the most part, it will not change.’’ So there is no urgency to fill this vacancy on the Supreme Court right now. Second, we should acknowledge that the process of nominating and con-firming a Supreme Court Justice has become very partisan. It has also be-come very political. Some Democrats in this Senate have spent the last three decades undermining the way these ap-pointments used to be made. It started in 1987, when Senate Democrats launched an all-out assault against the nomination of Judge Robert Bork. It got so bad that the dictionary even cre-ated a new word. The word was to ‘‘bork’’ someone. It means to obstruct someone by ‘‘systematically defaming or vilifying’’ them. Then, in 1992, Senate JOEBIDEN came down to floor of the Senate to explain his rule, the Biden rule, for Supreme Court nominations. He said that once the Presidential election is underway, ‘‘action on a Supreme Court nomina-tion must be put off until after the election campaign is over.’’ That is the Biden rule. You can’t get any clearer than that. J
OEBIDEN was the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee at that time when he announced the Biden rule. You know, he was not all that worried about having only eight Jus-tices for a while. Senator B
IDEN said that a temporary vacancy on the Court ‘‘was quite minor compared to the cost that a nominee, the President, the Sen-ate, and our nation would have to pay for what would assuredly be a bitter fight.’’ Well, if the fight would have been bit-ter in 1992, it would be even worse today. Today, we have had another 24 years of Democrats continuing to po-liticize the process. Just days after George W. Bush became President, Sen-ate Democrats vowed that they would use—in their words—‘‘whatever means necessary’’ to block the President’s ju-dicial nominations. Democrats went so far as to try to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee. That was the first time in the history of the Senate that they ever tried to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee. It was the nomination of Justice Alito in 2006. The Democrats failed. Even though they failed, it set a new prece-dent. Some of the leaders of that filibuster were Senator Barack Obama, now President; Senator Hillary Clinton, then-Secretary of State, now-Presi-dential candidate; and Senator J
OE B
IDEN, now-Vice President of the United States. Senator R
EIDvoted to filibuster as did current Senators D
UR-
BIN, LEAHY , and S CHUMER , all part of the filibuster of the Supreme Court nomination of Justice Alito by George W. Bush. That is the history of how our con-firmation process became so political; that is, three decades of Democrats po-liticizing the process. That is the precedent for where we are today. Those are the rules we will follow today. On top of all of that, President Obama has spent 7 years ignoring Con-gress. He has made the confirmation process more confrontational and more contentious every step along the way. The President illegally made what he called recess appointments to the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. He even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.021 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1257 March 3, 2016 
did it though Congress was not in re-cess. I use the word ‘‘illegal’’ because the Supreme Court struck down this action by President Obama. The vote was 9 to 0 that the President acted illegally. Even Democrats in Congress have said they think the President has gone too far with some of his Executive actions. So it is clear that Senate Democrats and President Obama have been inject-ing politics into the confirmation proc-ess for many years. Today they seem to wish that they hadn’t done it. Well, these are the rules they wrote and these are the standards they set. The Senate will follow these rules. We should wait until next year to take up this important decision. Let the American people consider it as part of deciding who to support in Novem-ber. Let the new President make this lasting decision without the political influence of the election hanging over it. It is not the job of the U.S. Senate to rubberstamp the President’s nomi-nation. The job of the Senate is to pro-tect the Constitution and to serve the American people. That is the oath every one of us has taken in this body. We have a process for nominating and confirming Justices to the Supreme Court. It is a system the Democrats created and now they should be willing to follow the rules they wrote them-selves. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, I rise to speak for the second time about the Supreme Court vacancy, and I do so not callously, not spontane-ously but after 23 years of service on the committee. I like to believe I have some experience and some knowledge about how these matters have been handled in the past. I truly believe we have an obligation to consider a President’s judicial nomi-nees no matter when, and I wish to speak about why that duty is so impor-tant—particularly for the Supreme Court—and the consequences of not ful-filling it. To be very candid, I am shocked at the supreme nature of what is happening because of what I believe its impact is going to be in the next year. Since the Judiciary Committee start-ed holding hearings on Supreme Court nominations in 1916, not a single nomi-nee for a vacancy has been denied a hearing—ever. Even during Presi-dential election years, the Senate has done its job. In 1988, President Reagan’s final year in office, Senate Democrats confirmed Justice Kennedy. Three years later, 1991, Justice Thomas was confirmed after the Presidential campaign had begun. Democrats could have said no hearing, no committee work, no vote, no consideration by the full Senate, but that didn’t happen. The nomina-tions were processed and they were confirmed. So why is it so important that we do our job? Why is an eight-member Court unable to function to the highest and best use of the U.S. Supreme Court? Ties in the Supreme Court create un-certainty in the law. Important legal questions go unanswered. The law var-ies then, throughout the country, and people and businesses often fail to re-ceive justice. I wish to review just some of the examples where an incom-plete Court was unable to levy justice. There are several examples of the im-portance of nine Justices, if one looks at recusals over the past few years. No. 1, in 2010, Justice Kagan recused herself from Flores-Villar v. United States. This case was going to decide whether a United States citizen father must reside in the United States longer than a United States citizen mother in order to confer citizenship to his child born abroad. The court deadlocked 4 to 4. The result is a child in one part of the United States may be considered a citizen while another in the exact same situation in a different judicial circuit may not be a citizen. This issue re-mains unresolved today. No. 2, in 2000, Justice O’Connor recused herself from Free v. Abbott Labs. The court should have deter-mined how many plaintiffs in a Federal class action suit must meet a certain damage threshold for the case to pro-ceed in Federal court. Again, the Court deadlocked 4 to 4. Because the case was left undecided, a later Eighth Circuit case—the circuit covering Iowa and other Midwest States—was thrown out. That meant 30,000 individuals claiming damages from a nearby refinery were denied justice in the Federal court; this, even though the company admit-ted releasing lead and other pollutants into the air. The issue was resolved by another Supreme Court case, but it was 5 years later and that was little con-solation to families who didn’t receive justice in Federal court in the interim period. No. 3, in 2007, Chief Justice Roberts recused himself from Warner-Lambert v. Kent. This case was meant to decide whether individuals can sue for injuries caused by defective pharmaceuticals when the drugmaker allegedly hid in-formation from Federal regulators. The 4-to-4 tie in that case failed to clarify the law, which still varies across the country today. Let me give an example. Plaintiffs in the Sixth Circuit are now unable to sue for personal injury in this situation, while individuals harmed in the same way by the same drug in States cov-ered by the Second Circuit are allowed to do so. No. 4, in another case in 2007, New York City Board of Education versus Tom F., Justice Kennedy recused him-self. The deadlocked Court failed to rule on whether special needs children must first attend public school before they receive tuition reimbursements to attend a private school better equipped to help them learn. This meant courts in different States treated these chil-dren differently. The issue was eventu-ally resolved, 2 years later—2 vital years of schooling that children may have missed out on. No. 5, in 1987, before Justice Kennedy took his seat, the Court heard U.S. v. Carpenter and Winans. The case, which came in advance of that year’s stock market crash, involved defendants con-victed of securities fraud based on alle-gations they misused information from a Wall Street Journal investment ad-vice column. The Supreme Court failed to determine whether the action could be a basis for prosecution. The law was left unclear for 10 years, during which time some lower courts overturned criminal convictions for this sort of fraud. These are just a handful of cases that illustrate how an incomplete Court can’t fulfill its duty and why the Sen-ate must do its job and fairly consider this President’s nominee. To leave the Supreme Court in this situation for a year and some months is, in my view, unconscionable. So why is it happening? I actually can’t come up with any reason to refuse to review Obama’s nominee other than politics. The only expla-nation is that Senate Republicans want to deny this President the ability to fulfill his constitutional obligations, and this isn’t the only evidence of such targeted obstruction. It has been a sus-tained course of action for more than a decade now. During the Clinton administration, more than 60 nominees to the Federal courts were blocked by a Republican Senate. Many weren’t even given a hearing. A comparison with the final years of President Bush’s term is par-ticularly telling. In the 2 final years of the Bush Presidency, the Democrat-ically controlled Senate confirmed 68 judicial nominees. That included 10 confirmations in September of his final year in office. So 8 months from now, back in the Bush years, the Democrats in control were confirming Bush ap-pointments. So far, over President Obama’s final 2 years, Republicans have allowed confirmation votes on only 16 judicial nominees. Think about that—11 confirmations in President Obama’s second-to-last year versus 10 confirmations just 4 months before President Bush left the White House. I think the inequality here must sink in. People must begin to understand that. The length of the process has also ballooned. Under President Bush, the median number of days between com-mittee and floor votes was 14 days—2 weeks—for circuit court nominees and 19 days—3 weeks—for district court nominees. For President Obama, the cor-responding length between committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.024 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1258 March 3, 2016 
and floor votes for circuit court nomi-nees was 84 days—2
1⁄2months—and for district court nominees, 98 days. So we see immediately the difference between how the sides are handling judicial ap-pointments of a President that may have been in the other party. Most of these nominees were eventu-ally confirmed by unanimous or near- unanimous votes. So that shows no need for extended delays. There were no problems with the nominees to de-serve extended delays. When President Bush left office, there were 34 vacan-cies. That is a vacancy rate of 3.9 per-cent. Today there are more than 81 ju-dicial vacancies, nearly 10 percent of all article III judges. Republicans have clearly decided not to do their job, and the American jus-tice system is going to suffer for it. One thing I don’t like to do or make is anything that can be described as a threat, but I will be candid with you because I don’t think I am a firebrand. I don’t think I am that partisan, but when this is done with the Supreme Court, it signals a whole other level of malevolent obstruction. One thing I have learned in my 20 years is what goes around comes around. To do this, to keep this seat vacant for over a year because it is the fourth year of President Obama’s term makes no sense at all. As I said, it is uncon-scionable. If you don’t think an eight- member Court is a problem, you really don’t need to take my word for it. Let’s listen to the Justices themselves. Jus-tice Scalia, in deciding not to recuse himself from a case in 2004, said the Court would be ‘‘unable to resolve the significant legal issue presented by the case.’’ He pointed to the Court’s own recusal policy, which remains in effect today. It says that ‘‘even one unneces-sary recusal’’ limits the Court’s ability to function. One can interpret from that that by not doing their job, the Republican side of this aisle is certainly limiting the Court’s ability to function. I am not sure the other side should want that on their shoulders. I am not sure what may come up this next year—the de-gree to which justice would be denied in a 4-to-4 Court, but justice would cer-tainly be denied, and it is probably going to happen. Judge Rehnquist said it in 1972—when he warned that a divided Court ‘‘would lay down one rule in Athens, and an-other rule in Rome.’’ So here is the conclusion. A Presi-dent is elected to a 4-year term—both sides of this aisle know that—but today Republicans are in effect saying that a Democratic President only gets 3 years of judicial confirmations if a Supreme Court vacancy comes before it. That is not what the Constitution says. All of us swore an oath to fulfill the Constitution, and I truly hope my Republican colleagues will stop, will think about this, will think about what will happen next year if this President is denied this appointment for the re-mainder of this year and a judgeship is certainly delayed way past that point. I think to deny this goes against both the spirit and the letter of our duties as spelled out in the Constitution of the United States. Once again, I would say, please, Re-publicans in this House, do your job. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I am pleased to see that on the floor we continue to make progress on the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. The legislation before us today, yesterday, and this week has been about how to deal with this growing problem we have around the country. It is at epidemic levels of heroin and prescription drug abuse, addiction, and overdoses. Today, while we are talking about this legislation on the floor of the Sen-ate, we expect over 100 Americans will die—die from overdoses of addiction, overdoses of heroin or prescription drugs. This is a problem that doesn’t just affect my State of Ohio, although we are one of those States that is most severely impacted. It affects every sin-gle State represented by everyone in this Chamber. That is why, over the past few years, you have seen this body together, Republicans and Democrats alike, to address the problem. Senator W
HITEHOUSE and I have been the coauthors of this effort, but so many others have been involved. Sen-ator A
YOTTE , Senator K LOBUCHAR , Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN —who is on the floor right now—have been supportive of the legislation but also improved the legis-lation with an amendment which was accepted earlier this week dealing with the international drug cartels. There is an effort in this body to take on this issue, not in a partisan way but in a to-tally nonpartisan way. Last week I was in Ohio meeting with groups, talking about various issues. Every single place I went this issue came up. I was on a plant tour, and people talked to me about it. We had a townhall meeting at that fac-tory. At the end of the townhall meet-ing—after talking about taxes, energy, health care policy, and other issues—I asked for a simple show of hands of how many people have been affected where their families or friends have been affected by this new opiate addic-tion issue, heroin and prescription drugs. Half the hands in the room went up. They went up because this is some-thing that is tearing at our families and our communities. It is devastating so many of our communities. The cost to the taxpayers is also tremendous. I went to a hospital and what they wanted to talk about was how the emergency rooms are being filled with people who are overdosing or abusing drugs. I have been to three different hospitals in our State that are doing amazing things to care for those babies who are being born with addictions. There has been a huge increase in my State of babies who were born with an addiction to opiates because of their mothers being addicted during the pregnancy. They have to take these ba-bies—some of whom are so small they can fit into the palm of your hand— through the withdrawal process. We don’t know what the long-term con-sequences are for many of these babies because this is such a new issue, but we know this is something that is tearing at our communities. It is time to ad-dress this issue. There has been a rec-ognition of that, and I am very encour-aged by the progress we have made this week on this legislation. I hope we can find a way to get to the final amend-ments and get the legislation passed because it is urgent we deal with this. The House of Representatives has their own legislation. It is also called CARA—Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. It is bipartisan also. We believe if we can pass this bill with a strong vote—and we had an 89-to-0 vote to get on the bill itself to move to the legislation, which was very encour-aging—Senator WHITEHOUSE and I be-lieve we will get a strong vote in the House as well, and we can get it to the President’s desk for his signature and begin to reverse this trend. The legislation is something that went through a unique process around here, which is bipartisan or even non-partisan from the start and a process of bringing in experts from all around the country. Rather than us saying we know all the answers, we are going to write this legislation, we said let’s hear from others. Senator W
HITEHOUSE and I, Senator A
YOTTE , Senator K LOBUCHAR  and others held a series of summits here in Washington. We brought in peo-ple. Many of us have done this in our States as well, but here in Washington alone we had five of these conferences in 2014 and 2015. We brought experts in from around the country, but we also relied on expertise from the adminis-tration. In April of 2014, we held a forum on criminal justice and how it is affected by this issue and treatment and alter-natives to incarceration. One of the things this legislation does is it en-courages diversion out of the criminal justice system for those who are ad-dicts and gets them into treatment. It was an excellent forum. It featured Mi-chael Botticelli. In my view, he has been a very effective Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. He is called the drug czar. This is with-in the White House. Michael Botticelli came as a rep-resentative of the White House but so did a representative from the Drug En-forcement Agency and gave his great input. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.025 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1259 March 3, 2016 
In July of 2014, we held another forum. This was on how women are im-pacted by this drug epidemic, looking at addiction and treatment responses. We talked about pregnant women being addicted and their babies. Again, this forum featured Michael Botticelli, who is Director of the White House Office of Drug Control Policy. In December 2014, at the end of the year, we held another forum. This was on the science of addiction and how we can potentially address the collateral consequences of addiction. This forum featured Dr. Nora Volkow, Director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse in the Obama administration. It also included the Department of Justice and Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration officials. SAMHSA was there. DOJ was there. By the way, again, Director Botticelli was there as well. I appreciate him coming to that forum, which was very helpful to us. Last year, in April of 2015, we held a forum on our youth and how we can better promote drug prevention as well as to develop communities of recovery for those who are suffering from addic-tion. Prevention and education is a big part of our legislation. Clearly, we need to do a better job to get people to make the right decisions to avoid getting into the funnel of addiction in the first place. This forum featured officials from the Office of National Drug Con-trol Policy in the Obama administra-tion. It also had officials from the Na-tional Institute on Drug Abuse. Lastly, in July of 2015, we held a forum on the impact of substance abuse and PTSD on our veterans. It fo-cused a lot on the issue of addiction and the high rates we see sometimes of mental health and addiction coming from some of our returning veterans. This forum featured one of the giants in this field, GEN Barry McCaffrey. General McCaffrey and I have worked together since his days as Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy in the Clinton administration. He is not just a giant in this field, but he gave us great input as to how to write good legislation to help us with regard to veterans courts, which we have as part of this legislation where veterans can get the help they need to get their lives back on track. That forum also featured officials from the Department of Defense, Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy. From all these participants in this process, we received a lot of great feed-back. It helped guide us as we wrote this legislation. In fact, we went back and forth with legislative language with all these experts in the Obama ad-ministration, as well as experts from around the country. This legislation is supported by over 130 groups—includ-ing those representing people who were in the trenches—providing treatment, providing services on prevention, law enforcement, and doctors. Those who are involved directly in this issue have given us a lot of guidance, but that in-cluded the expertise of these experts in the Obama administration. I am appre-ciative for that expertise and for their support of our efforts. Because it was such an inclusive process, because it was a bipartisan process, because of the encouragement and the assistance we received from the drug experts in the Obama adminis-tration, when we introduced this bill, we actually said: OK. Here is our final product. After the back-and-forth on all the legislative language and with all the experts, this bill received a lot of support immediately on a bipartisan basis. As I said earlier, indeed, 130 national anti-drug groups now support it in part because they helped write it, in part because some of those who might not have been intimately involved in the process are looking at this problem and realizing this is a solution that will really help. We also have dozens of groups from my home State of Ohio that support it, in addition to the 130 national groups, from the Fraternal Order of Police to the National Attorneys General Asso-ciation, to the folks who are involved day-to-day in helping to deal with this issue at their local level. I believe it was the day before yester-day that we received a Statement of Administration Policy from the polit-ical officials at the White House on the CARA bill, and I have talked about how the administration and their ex-perts have been so helpful, but despite all the work they have done to support this bill, the White House did not issue a Statement of Administration Policy that supported the legislation. It didn’t oppose the legislation, but instead it said that the drug epidemic would not be greatly affected by this legislation unless there was substantial new fund-ing provided. This is kind of incredible given that this is the legislation we all worked on together. I know there is a difference between the political folks at the White House and the people who actually know the issue and are ex-perts on the issue, but I hope we can get a strong statement of administra-tion support for a bill that was drafted with them on a bipartisan basis with myself, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , Senator K
LOBUCHAR , and others, but we will see. I support additional funding over and above the $80 million of new funding that CARA provides for, and not just for this year but for next year and the year after that and the year after that. It is an authorization bill that is ex-tremely important. I supported the Shaheen amendment yesterday, but it is factually wrong to say, as some of my colleagues have claimed and the White House seems to be saying, that there is not funding for these CARA programs. In fact, we have already ap-propriated, as my colleagues know, sig-nificantly more spending for this opioid problem for this fiscal year that we are in. Not a penny of that has been spent yet, by the way—over $120 mil-lion of additional spending. That $120 million of additional spending is tar-geted on ways to spend the money more wisely through CARA because we worked with the appropriators and the Judiciary Committee to ensure that was the case. Again, having said that, I would have loved to have seen more funding over and beyond that provided by an amend-ment that was offered by my colleague Senator SHAHEEN yesterday because I think that would have helped even more, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t strongly support the under-lying CARA bill. In fact, my colleagues who endorsed it and voted with us, as well as my coauthor Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE and others, agree with that be-cause this bipartisan bill ensures that more Federal resources will be devoted to evidence-based education, treat-ment, and recovery programs that we know actually work. It is not just throwing money at the problem. This is actually legislation that we know works to address the problem based on all the background I just mentioned about getting all the expertise. Again, these groups out there that are in the trenches every day working on this issue are the ones who will tell you why it is going to work, but what they will say is it is going to help these young mothers battling addiction. It will help those veterans who return home from duty and desperately need our help. It will help young people make the right decision. It will help that teenager struggling with drug abuse. It will help in terms of dealing with this problem we have right now where people can’t get treatment be-cause there is not enough access to treatment. It will help in terms of en-suring that we get prescription drugs off the bathroom shelves so they are not being used to get people addicted to opioids and then move on to heroin. It will be helpful to ensure that we have a drug monitoring program na-tionally so we know who is being over-prescribed and who is not. These are changes in law that are part of this leg-islation. Again, I thank the experts in the Obama administration who deal with this issue every day and strongly sup-port CARA. On January 27, 2016—so at the end of January this year—the Judi-ciary Committee held a hearing on our bill. I was able to testify, as well as others, including experts. Here is what some of the leading administration ex-perts said. First, Michael Botticelli— again, a guy who I think has been a very effective Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy at the White House—said: 
There is clear evidence that a comprehen-sive response looking at multidimensional aspects of this that are embedded in the CARA Act are tremendously important. We know we need to do more, and I think that all of those components put forward in the bill are critically important to make head-way in terms of this epidemic. 
Again, that was the Director of ONDCP. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.027 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1260 March 3, 2016 
Dr. Nora Volkow, the Director of the administration’s National Institute on Drug Abuse, and a real expert, said: 
We support the comprehensive program de-lineated, and it is one of the strategies to ad-dress the problem. 
Here is Ms. Kana Enomoto. She is the Acting Administrator of SAMSHA, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. She said: 
At SAMSHA we are so excited to be able to implement programs like medication-as-sisted treatment, prescription drug and opioid addiction, which Congress appro-priated in 2015 and then another increase in 2016, which is very similar to some of the programs that were described in the CARA Act. Thank you, Senator Whitehouse, for your leadership on this issue and continued support of our mission. We believe that the public health approach of the CARA Act is vitally important to moving forward on this issue. 
The next statement I have is by Mr. Milione. He is the Deputy Assistant Administrator for the Drug Enforce-ment Administration Office of Diver-sion Control. He said: 
I am happy to work with you or anyone on any legislation that will help with this epi-demic. 
Again, I am thankful for these ex-perts in the Obama administration who have put politics aside to work to sup-port CARA. They helped us to come up with better legislation, and they sup-port it because they know it will help support education and prevention so we can stop drug abuse before it begins. They support CARA because they know it will help with treatment and recov-ery and will help to reduce overdoses which will help to save lives. They sup-port CARA because they know it will help our veterans as well as women and babies who are suffering from addic-tion. They also support CARA because they know there are more than 130 na-tional groups out there that under-stand the importance of this bill and support it, including the National As-sociation of Addiction Treatment Pro-viders, Faces and Voices of Recovery, Children’s Health, Children’s Hospital Association, the Partnership for Drug- Free Kids, Fraternal Order of Police— again, I thank our law enforcement for stepping up on this—the National Dis-trict Attorneys Association, and the Major Counties Sheriff’s Association. I understand that some folks in Washington like to play politics with everything around here, but politics has never been a part of this bill. It has been inclusive from the start and it has been bipartisan from the start. We are here to help those suffering from addic-tion and to save lives, and that is ex-actly what this measure will do. Let’s get on with it and pass this legislation so we can get it to the President’s desk for signature and it can begin to help. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up Manchin amendment No. 3420; that at 1:45 p.m. today the Senate vote in relation to the Manchin amendment No. 3420; and that there be no second-degree amendments in order to the amendment prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Connecticut. GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, last Thursday I was on the floor honoring the victims of the mass shooting in Kalamazoo, MI, another shooting spree that left six people dead and two others injured, and on that very same day an-other shooting spree broke out in Kan-sas that forever changed another town—another community in this country like the change that has over-come Sandy Hook, CT, since that fate-ful day in December of 2012. This was a shooting spree in Kansas that spanned several miles in nearly 30 minutes. Three people were killed. It could have been a lot more. Fourteen were wounded. The shooting spree took place in two locations as well as the Kansas workplace. The gunman had multiple felony con-victions which prohibited him from buying a firearm, but he used his former girlfriend as a straw purchaser to buy yet another military-style semi-automatic weapon that he used in the shootings. It sounds a lot like many of the other shootings I talked about on the floor. As has been the case, I try to come down to the floor, seemingly every week, to tell the stories of who these victims are because the numbers don’t seem to be moving my colleagues— 31,000 a year, 2,600 a month, and 86 a day are being killed by guns in this country. My hope is that by learning who these people are and learning the ripples of tragedy that unfold after a family member is killed by guns, that maybe that psychology and connection to the emotion of these shootings will move my colleagues to do something— anything at this point—to address this epidemic. Brian Sadowsky was 44 years old when he was killed in the shooting. He was one of three people who were killed at their workplace, Excel Industries, in Hesston, KS. Brian was remembered by his coworkers as a very outgoing guy who was always telling jokes, always fun to be around, and had a biting sense of humor. He rabidly rooted for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He wore Pitts-burgh Steelers paraphernalia and gear to work almost every day. He would drop whatever he was doing in order to help his friends who were in need. A friend of Brian’s remembered him as being ‘‘a little rough around the edges’’ at times, but he was the kind soul who was ‘‘always there to help. He was a big teddy bear once you got to know him.’’ His friends said he was a recovering addict who was clean and sober for many years and was instrumental in helping a lot of others overcome addic-tion. Renee Benjamin was 30 years old when she was killed. Her friend remem-bered her by saying that ‘‘she’s smart, she’s beautiful. She was dedicated to Excel. She loved that job. She loved the people. I remember the way she loved people.’’ ‘‘If you ever saw someone smile from the inside out, she was an inside out person,’’ one of her friends remem-bered. Another friend said: 
She is a person who always gave her all into whatever she did and whoever she loved. She was so smart, but shy about it. She was so funny, so beautiful, inside and out. She was my best friend. We shared everything. We shared a life. . . . All she wanted was to love and be loved. 
Josh Higbee was just a year older. He was 31. People who knew Josh said he was a loving, hard-working man. He loved to fish and spend time with his fi-ance and his 4-year-old son. His older brother said that Josh was ‘‘‘Mr. Fix- It.’ He loved tractors and toy cars, any-thing automotive. He was a car guy. He liked to work with his hands.’’ His sister-in-law said that Josh was ‘‘taught to be a very loving, kind man. He has a son that he adores, takes care of. . . . Josh would give you the shirt off his back and worked long, hard hours to take care of his family.’’ We pay a lot of attention to these victims of mass shootings because they tend to make the news. We see them on TV, but every single day there are 86 people who are being killed by guns. A lot of them are suicides, but many of them are homicides. It is happening all across this country, and not all of them make the national news. Andre Lamont O’Neal, Jr., died ear-lier this year in Louisville, KY. Andre was 8 years old and his babysitter was grilling and also had a gun in his pock-et. He had slippery fingers, and when he attempted to remove the gun from his pocket, it accidentally fired. It struck Andre’s arm and chest. His babysitter panicked and apparently put Andre in a car and took him to a near-by hospital, but it was too late. Andre’s father, as you can imagine, was overwhelmed. He was ‘‘a good lit-tle boy,’’ he told reporters. A few weeks later, Nicholas Hawkins, 19 years old and from Winfield, AL, told his mother that someone was try-ing to kill him. That was the last time anybody heard from Nicholas. Four days later his body was found shot to death. He left high school because of bul-lying and was only 2 weeks away from completing his GED. He intended to go into cosmetology or a related field. He loved to dance, sing, write music, and play guitar. He was good with hair and makeup and described as very funny, quirky, and had a bubbly personality. His friends said he often stole the show. Every day 86 people die in this coun-try. You don’t hear about all of them because this has just kind of become the wallpaper of American news. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.028 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1261 March 3, 2016 
Shootings have become routine. This doesn’t happen anywhere else in the world, and I just want to finish by talk-ing a little bit about this unfortunate, tragic American exceptionalism. America has 4.4 percent of the world’s population, but we have 42 per-cent of the civilian-owned guns in the world. We have 4 percent of the popu-lation, but nearly half of all of the guns are in this country. It used to be that about half of Americans own guns. Today only about one-third of Ameri-cans own guns, but a small number of Americans own a lot of weapons. There are more high-powered guns, like the one that was used in Kansas, than ever before. Why does this matter? Well, it is be-cause the United States also has more gun deaths than any other nation in the developed world, and it is not even close. This chart shows the figures of homicides by firearm per 1 million peo-ple. Australia, New Zealand, and Ger-many have less than two. Switzerland gets all the way up to 7.7. In the United States it is 29.7. There is no other coun-try in the world that comes close to the United States when it comes to the number of homicides in this country. This isn’t aggregate numbers. This is per 1 million people. The reason I show you these two charts is that when you put it to-gether, it tells a pretty interesting and simple story. Here is the chart corre-lating guns per 100,000 people and gun- related deaths per 100,000 people. Here is the line of correlation. It is a pretty simple story. With a handful of outliers such as Ar-gentina and Cyprus, the story is that the more guns you have in a country, the more gun homicides are going to occur. Here is the United States on the line, but it is an outlier in terms of the number of guns and the number of deaths—simply an extrapolation of a story that all of our other first world competitors could tell by themselves. This rebuts this ridiculous mythology by the gun industry, which tells us that if you have more guns, you are going to be safer. The solution in Sandy Hook was just that the Sandy Hook Elementary School didn’t have enough firearms. If all the teachers had had weapons, that shooter would have been killed, and the best way to stop a shooter from attacking you is to arm yourself. That is not what the evidence tells us. The evidence tells us: The more guns there are in a community, the more people get killed. I will show at another time this same chart on a State-by-State basis, and it will tell you the exact same story. A State that has more firearms has more gun homicides. You are more likely to be the victim of gun violence if you have a gun in your house than if you don’t have a gun in your house. Now, the Second Amendment is an incredibly important, vital, integral piece of the fabric of the U.S. Constitu-tion, and I honor people’s decisions to buy a weapon in order to protect them-selves. Some people live in violent places. Some people live in very iso-lated places, and they have made that choice, and that is theirs to make. Of course, there are millions of Americans who own weapons in order to hunt, in order to shoot for sport, a pastime they enjoy and have the right to. But they should purchase those weapons with the understanding that there is no data that tells them they are safer with a weapon in their arm, no data that sug-gests that the more guns you have in a particular place, the less likely there are to be homicides and gun deaths. It is exactly the opposite. Every single day there are 86 people who are killed in this country from guns, 2,600 a month, 31,000 a year—an-other mass shooting in Kansas, another one in Kalamazoo. My entire point is just to say that at some point we have to recognize that our silence has be-come complicity in these murders. If we are not willing to forge political consensus in this session on legislation that changes gun laws, then at least let’s make a commitment to fix our mental health system to make sure law enforcement has the resources they need, to make sure we make straw pur-chasing illegal so the method by which the shooter in Kansas got the gun has consequences at the Federal level, po-tentially, as well as at the State level. Let us do something to honor the thou-sands of voices of victims that mount by the day. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Connecticut. 
MAHAN AIR  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I begin by calling attention to a private Iranian airline, designated by the U.S. Department of Treasury for its support for terrorism and funneling of weapons to Hezbollah and to the Assad regime in Syria. This airline continues to op-erate and even expand its international business network, despite tough words from the administration. But this kind of tough language is insufficient. The time to impose sanctions on Mahan Air is now. The time to impose sanctions on Mahan Air is clearly now. I have called on the administration in a letter, which I helped to lead and on which I am joined by a number of my colleagues, in late February—February 29—to the Secretary of the Treasury. Sanctions might be forthcoming against this airline if this body were to approve Adam Szubin to be Under Sec-retary for Terrorism and Financial In-telligence, but so far we have failed to do so. His confirmation has been blocked. I regret it. Whether or not he is confirmed, sanctions should be im-posed on this airline. Mahan Air relies on a host of local partners who provide financial and other services for it to maintain this robust international flight network. So taking this action against Mahan Air will not only send a signal, it will end actions by Mahan Air that are against international law and support terrorism and the funneling of weapons to some terrorist groups that can do harm to the United States as well as to our allies and partners abroad. Mr. President, I also want to talk about the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. Hopefully, we will vote today in support of it. It is a great bipartisan bill. I am privileged to have worked on it as a member of the Judi-ciary Committee. I thank all of the members of that committee and others, most especially Senator WHITEHOUSE  and Senator L
EAHY , for incorporating provisions that I have helped to offer in this bill. We heard from our colleagues around the country about the public health crisis that we face today. It is more than a crisis. It is a hurricane—almost like a public health hurricane—a nat-ural disaster that requires us to act now. Abuse and addiction are crippling our communities, shattering our fami-lies, carrying enormous financial and human costs. The overdose deaths have steadily increased. They now surpass automobile accidents as the leading cause of injury-related deaths for Americans between the age of 25 and 64. The United States consumes over 80 percent of prescription opioids, even though we make up only 4.6 percent of the world’s population. In Connecticut, I have held roundtables across our State, and I hear again and again the tragic stories of young people who begin taking powerful painkillers when they break a leg or a wrist in a sports injury or when they have wisdom teeth removed and they receive a prescrip-tion for 30 days. They only need 3 days’ worth of painkillers, if they need them at all. But the overprescription and the abuse that results from it often leads to addiction. The gateway to addiction is these powerful painkillers that provide the beginnings of the problem. One univer-sity counselor wrote to me recently: 
When I first began this position 14 years ago, it was extremely uncommon to be work-ing with a student who abused a substance besides alcohol. Today, I have a recovery house and a program full of students battling addiction from [prescription opioids]. 
I have heard from mothers and fami-lies, from teachers and counselors who have struggled to find quality sub-stance abuse treatment programs and behavioral health services for their loved ones. One mother wrote to me about her two sons. Some 8 years ago, her oldest son died from a heroin over-dose after a prescription program re-leased him early. Her younger son con-tinues to struggle with addiction but was recently told by his insurance company that he lacked a long enough history of substance abuse to qualify for inpatient treatment. We must address these problems, and the solution is multifaceted. Sup-porting law enforcement is part of the solution, with resources and with other measures that will enable interdiction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.029 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1262 March 3, 2016 
of the supplies of heroin and cracking down on the illicit supplies of pain-killers. But law enforcement has told me, as a former colleague, that we are not going to arrest our way out of this problem. The jails and prisons alone do not provide a solution. There is a need for more treatment and services. I hear that point again and again and again, but that source of solution alone will not be the panacea. There is no one solution. Education for our doctors and providers and pre-scribers is part of what is needed. Again, alone, no single solution is suf-ficient. I want to thank the bill sponsors for incorporating the provision that I wrote with Senator C
OATS , the Expand-ing Access to Prescription Drug Moni-toring Programs Act. This provision would allow nurse practitioners and physician assistants to access the in-formation they need. Specifically, they would be able to access State prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs to con-sult a patient’s prescription opioid his-tory and determine if that patient has a history of addiction or is receiving multiple prescriptions from multiple sources. It is critical that we recognize the key role that nurse practitioners and physician assistants play in curb-ing prescription drug abuse and diver-sion. I propose a number of amendments that attack other elements of this problem. I am going to continue to ad-vocate for them, whether they are in the final package or not—and some of them may well be. I will continue the effort to make them real and adopt them as law, whether or not they are included in this measure. Over and again, we have heard that many struggling with addiction start by abusing those prescription drugs after receiving a legitimate prescrip-tion. That is why Senator M
ARKEY and I have submitted amendment No. 3382, which would cut down on overpre-scribing opioids by requiring providers, when they apply for a license from the DEA to prescribe these controlled sub-stances, to first complete education programs so they are encouraged to adopt responsible prescribing practices. Those practices can be as simple as keeping track and scrutinizing the use of these painkillers. Every licensee, every provider, every nurse practi-tioner, everyone writing out a slip of paper that enables somebody to pur-chase these powerful prescription pain-killers would have to take a course and complete this training. In Blumenthal amendment No. 3327, a separate measure that I am proposing as ranking member of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, there would be better access to naloxone, known as Narcan, by veterans. We have seen how naloxone or Narcan is a lifesaver. It can bring people back from the brink of death. There should be more of it. It should be more available to our police, firefighters, and first responders on the streets of Connecticut and in neighbor-hoods and communities across the country. It is insufficiently available. It has skyrocketed in price, and there have been shortages. But I have seen how the opioid epidemic has affected, particularly, our veterans, and often, again, with overprescriptions in cer-tain parts of the country. We have moved to address that prob-lem. In Wisconsin, for example, and with the great help of Senator BALD-
WIN, my colleague on the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, we have worked to craft legislation that will help contain and cut that abusive prescription of opioids. I believe that this measure will give information to veterans and the tools they need also to prevent deaths in case of an overdose. Much of the work of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee is focused on the opioid epidemic and the Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act we are working to pass into law. But safe prescribing of opioids is vital because many veterans, even when le-gitimately prescribed, have serious pain issues that can lead to abuse once those issues are addressed. So I have filed this amendment that would eliminate the requirement that veterans pay a copay for naloxone kits and for education for providers as to how to use them. In other words, the providers will provide education, along with providing the prescriptions, as to how to use the Narcan kits that vet-erans could receive without any copay. Naloxone is necessary for those first responders, and the underlying bill in-cludes provisions that would help to provide it, but this measure would focus particularly on veterans, where the need is great and growing greater. I wish to point out that the cost of this measure would be less than $100,000 per year. The savings in dollars long term would vastly exceed that amount, and the savings in lives more than jus-tifies this, even without the savings in dollars. We are talking here about the ability to save veterans’ lives. We have an obligation to leave no veteran be-hind, to keep faith with our veterans, and to make sure that a minimum amount of spending will enable the sav-ing of lives. I appreciate again the work of my colleagues in crafting this bill. I hope we will move forward in passing it and that the amendments I have suggested will be adopted to strengthen it even further. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF ROBERTA JACOBSON  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, it has now been 7 months since the United States has had an Ambassador to Mex-ico. As we all know, Mexico is our third largest trading partner. Bilateral trade totals more than half a trillion dollars. There is more than $1 billion in two- way trader exchanges between the United States and Mexico every day. The border States obviously enjoy a close relationship and robust trade with Mexico. My home State of Ari-zona exports about $9.2 billion in goods every year. Arizona has expanded its trade relationship with Mexico by re-opening a trade office in Mexico City. Mexico has reciprocated by opening an office in Arizona. Yet, for more than half of the year, we have not had a rep-resentative in place with the Mexican Government to deal with issues of mu-tual cooperation, issues of importance and concern. The bilateral relationship between the United States and Mexico is not the only issue of importance, obvi-ously, between our two countries. Transportation issues, security threats, national resource manage-ment, and environmental issues are just a few of the fronts on which we can cooperate with Mexico, and such co-operation requires a close partnership between our countries. The longer we go without an Ambassador there, the more this partnership will suffer. The relationship between the United States and Mexico has historically been important, and previous adminis-trations have acknowledged this by ap-pointing top-notch candidates to serve as our envoy to Mexico. The current nominee to serve in Mexico is no excep-tion to this historical trend. As a ca-reer member of the Senior Executive Service, Roberta Jacobson has spent more than three decades working on Latin American policy for Presidents on both sides of the aisle. She is obvi-ously fluent in Spanish. She has earned the respect of her colleagues. I can at-test to her professionalism and her ex-perience. She was reported out of the Foreign Relations Committee by a vote of 12 to 7 in November; yet the post with Mexico City remains open 3 months later. Our relationship with Mexico is far too important to let this post go va-cant any longer, particularly when we have a qualified candidate who has been vetted by the Foreign Relations Committee and reported to the Senate with a majority of its members. I urge the Senate to take up this matter expe-ditiously. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDMENT NO . 3420 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3378 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 3420. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.031 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1263 March 3, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from West Virginia [Mr. M
ANCHIN ] proposes an amendment numbered 3420 to amendment No. 3378. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strengthen consumer education about the risks of opioid abuse and addic-tion) On page 14, line 10, insert ‘‘consumers,’’ after ‘‘patients,’’. On page 14, line 12, strike ‘‘prescribed.’’ and insert ‘‘prescribed, including opioid and methadone abuse. Such education and aware-ness campaigns shall include information on the dangers of opioid abuse, how to prevent opioid abuse including through safe disposal of prescription medications and other safety precautions, and detection of early warning signs of addiction.’’. On page 16, line 22, strike ‘‘or’’. On page 17, line 2, insert ‘‘or’’ at the end. On page 17, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: ‘‘(C) a sudden increase in opioid-related deaths, as documented by local data; On page 18, line 23, strike ‘‘1997.’’ and in-sert ‘‘1997, and may also include an evalua-tion of the effectiveness at reducing abuse of opioids, methadone, or methamphetamines.’’. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of my amendment No. 3420 to the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act of 2015. As my colleagues know, our country is facing a prescription drug epidemic. Every one of our States—all 50—is hav-ing a horrific problem. The CARA Act that we are working on and are about to pass is a good start to addressing this crisis, which is why I am a proud cosponsor. My amendment simply does what you would think common sense would al-ready entail. My amendment improves the bill by helping those on the frontlines of this terrible epidemic pro-vide their communities with the infor-mation they need to help stop the spread of opioid addiction and help seek treatment. It will better enable us to educate in-dividuals about the dangers of opioid abuse, practices to help prevent opioid abuse, including the safe disposal of unused medication, and how to detect the early warning signs of addiction. This amendment will help to save lives by raising awareness about the dangers of prescription opioid medica-tions to prevent opiate addiction in the first place and ensuring that loved ones will know how to help when a friend or family member becomes addicted. We have over 2 million Americans who are addicted to opioids. Many of these individuals began the road to ad-diction with a seemingly innocent pre-scription and little or no warning about the dangers from their physi-cians. Or it began when a friend offered a pill that they thought couldn’t be that dangerous because it was pre-scribed by their doctor. There is simply too little under-standing about the dangers of these drugs. Too many people get sucked into opioid addiction because they don’t understand the risks. Likewise, the people close to them don’t recog-nize the signs of addiction or know how to access the resources to help their loved ones. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time for debate has expired. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 30 additional seconds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MANCHIN. I thank Senator MUR-
RAY, Senator A LEXANDER , Senator G
RASSLEY , and all the people who have helped me in considering this bipar-tisan amendment with a bipartisan piece of legislation. If we want to stop opioid addiction, we ought to start by preventing it. Pre-venting it starts with information and education that people do not have today. This helps every one of us in all parts of this great country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question occurs on agreeing to the amendment. Mr. GRASSLEY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Sen-ator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 90, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 31 Leg.] YEAS—90 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NOT VOTING—10 
Boxer Cornyn Cruz Gardner McCaskill Nelson Roberts Rubio Sanders Toomey 
The amendment (No. 3420) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 365; that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or debate on the nomination; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Idaho. Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and Senator R
UBIO, from the great State of Florida, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized in morning business for such time as I may consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF ROBERTA JACOBSON  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, my good friend, Senator J
EFFFLAKE from Ari-zona, appeared here just an hour or so before and also spoke on the issue that I am going to speak about today. That issue is the ambassadorship to Mexico and the woman who has been nomi-nated by President Obama, Roberta Jacobson. Senator F
LAKE made a very strong case. It has been a pleasure working with him in a bipartisan way. We believe this nomination has very strong bipartisan support, and we look forward to working together to get this to the floor and get an up-or-down vote. So I rise again today to urge support for Roberta Jacobson. She is a dedi-cated public servant. She is more than ready to be our Ambassador to Mexico. The Los Angeles Times has called Ro-berta Jacobson ‘‘among the most quali-fied people ever to be tapped to rep-resent the U.S. in Mexico.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.033 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1264 March 3, 2016 
We have a distinguished candidate, a career member of the Senior Executive Service. She is ready to serve. We have strong support for her on both sides of the aisle. What we need now is an up- or-down vote. Once again, we failed to get one. It is hard to explain this dysfunction when I talk to my constituents in New Mexico. They just don’t understand this kind of dysfunction. They don’t understand it, and, frankly, neither do I. We are a border State. This is a crit-ical position. It is critical to our secu-rity, and it is critical to our economy. Earlier today, Senators F
LAKE , KLO-
BUCHAR , HEINRICH , and I met with the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce about the urgent need to confirm this nomi-nation. Our business leaders in New Mexico, Arizona, and every other State in our country are telling us they need an ambassador in Mexico City. We have ongoing border-related business issues that need attention. From time to time, we will call on the Mexican gov-ernment to take some action, to work with us on coordinating with ports of entry, infrastructure, and other impor-tant issues. We are at a disadvantage without an advocate for America in Mexico City. It is very frustrating. This is not the first time we have faced this kind of dysfunction. I pushed for reform of the Senate rules in the last two Congresses, and we did change the rules to allow majority votes for executive and judicial nominees to the lower courts. But that does no good if they remain blocked, and that is what is happening in this Congress. The line gets longer and longer of perfectly qualified nominees who are denied a vote, denied an opportunity to be heard. Roberta Jacobson was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee months ago with bipartisan sup-port. Yet the weeks go by, and still we wait. What is holding up her nomina-tion? It isn’t her qualifications; those aren’t the problem. A big part of the problem is Presidential politics and the policy differences with the administra-tion over her work with Cuba. This year, we reopened diplomatic re-lations between the United States and Cuba. As the Assistant Secretary for Western Hemisphere Affairs, Roberta helped negotiate on behalf of the ad-ministration. After 50 years of failed policy toward Cuba, we have opened a 21st-century relationship with the peo-ple of Cuba, one that is already seeing change as more Cubans enter the pri-vate sector. And more Americans, who are our best diplomats, continue to in-crease their engagement with the Cuban people. I congratulate the Presi-dent for leading this historic change. Some disagree. I understand that. But their objection is with the President’s Cuba policy. We are talking here about Mexico and an important position that has been unfilled since last summer be-cause a few Senators would rather re-turn to the failed policies of yesterday and are using Roberta to make a polit-ical point. FAIR ELECTIONS  
Mr. President, just when we think things can’t get any worse, they do. Now a seat on the Supreme Court is empty, and the majority leader is actu-ally arguing that it should stay empty for over a year, no matter who is nomi-nated by the President. This isn’t gov-erning; this is a failure to do one’s job. Is it any wonder that the American people are frustrated, fed up with polit-ical games, with obstruction in the Senate, with special deals for insiders, and with campaigns that are being sold to the highest bidder? They see this ob-struction as just another example of how our democracy is being taken away from the people. Each year we have a Student Leader-ship Institute in my State. High school juniors and seniors attend to learn about and discuss the challenges affect-ing our State and the Nation. I always look forward to meeting with these bright, young people. They are smart and committed, and they raise thoughtful points about how govern-ment works and how sometimes it doesn’t work. One thing we talked about this year was how important it is to listen. This is one of the most under-rated virtues, especially in politics— stating your views but also listening to the views of others. I am always opti-mistic when I see students engaged in that process. I only wish we could see more of it in Washington. The art of politics is standing your ground, but also finding common ground and listening to the American people. Our democracy depends on every voice being heard and on every vote being counted. We are losing that. We have to get it back or we will con-tinue to pay a heavy price. We can be sure of one thing: Beyond all the money, beyond all the special inter-ests, these students and all Americans deserve to be heard, and they deserve a democracy that works. Campaigns should be about the best ideas, not the biggest checkbooks or rigged districts. The U.S. Supreme Court created a Wild West of campaign finance regulations with their decision in Citizens United and their 2014 McCutcheon decision. It opened a fire sale of super PACs trying to buy elec-tions nationwide. We are seeing the re-sults—from the Iowa caucuses to local elections in Las Cruces, NM. We need to overturn those bad deci-sions. That is why I have led efforts to amend the Constitution to restore power to Congress and to the States to pass commonsense campaign finance laws. We need to listen to the voters, not to the billionaires hiding in dark corners. That is why earlier this week I introduced legislation to abolish the broken Federal Election Commission. Congress created the Federal Elec-tion Commission to fight political cor-ruption when they created it after Wa-tergate. But today, partisan gridlock leaves the agency powerless and dys-functional. It even fails to enforce the few campaign finance laws remaining on the books. The Federal Election Ad-ministration Act would create a new agency, with five members appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. A chair would lead the agency, and the remaining members would equally represent both political par-ties. It is modeled after a bipartisan proposal previously introduced by Sen-ator J
OHNMCCAINand former Senator Russ Feingold. Super Tuesday was just 2 days ago. Once again, we are seeing record spend-ing, including millions of dollars in un-disclosed dark money. Without a strong watchdog looking over their shoulders, super PACs and billionaire donors have free rein to push the lim-its. It is clear that the FEC has outlived its usefulness. We need a new agency, one with the power and the will to crack down on campaign finance viola-tions. The Supreme Court has put billion-aires and other special interests on a galloping horse. They are running away with our democracy—running away with our elections. We have cre-ated a dark money, special interest, gerrymandered train wreck, and the losers are the American people. That is why I have also introduced the Fair-ness and Independence in Redistricting Act, because part of that train wreck is the secretive and highly partisan con-gressional redistricting process, and we need to end it. The President highlighted this issue in his State of the Union address, say-ing, ‘‘We’ve got to end the practice of drawing our congressional districts so that politicians can pick their voters and not the other way around.’’ In most States today, congressional maps are drawn behind closed doors by par-tisan lawmakers. Their aim is to keep incumbents in office, and they do that. Pick almost any district in the coun-try, and we will see that almost every one is skewed to favor one party or an-other. We can end the gerrymandering sta-tus quo. Redistricting commissions should be independent. They should be led by citizens, not politicians. Arizona and California voted for reform, and they are already bringing new faces to Congress. The American people deserve fair elections—elections that are free of unlimited and hidden special inter-est money and free of rigged district lines. Next year, I will meet again with stu-dents in my State. We will talk about leadership, about challenges, and about how government works. I hope I will be able to say to them that we have moved forward; we have reformed a broken system. I hope I can say to them that we have done our job and made sure that voters, not powerful elites, have their say. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.037 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1265 March 3, 2016 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of amendment No. 3391 to the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2015. I am proud to join Senator D
AINES in filing this im-portant amendment. The Daines-Peters amendment would make it possible for certain dishonor-ably discharged veterans to be eligible for veterans treatment courts. Specifi-cally, the amendment would allow the Attorney General to determine vet-erans treatment court eligibility on a case-by-case basis for dishonorably dis-charged veterans who have been diag-nosed with service-connected post- traumatic stress disorder, military sex-ual trauma, or traumatic brain inju-ries. Currently, veterans treatment courts are open to any veteran with a dis-charge other than dishonorable or a dishonorable discharge that can be at-tributed to substance abuse. However, studies have shown a direct connection to PTSD, TBI, and MST are a leading cause of substance abuse disorder. In general, drug courts reduce correc-tional costs, protect community safe-ty, and improve public welfare. Vet-erans treatment courts take the work of drug courts one step further. According to the National Associa-tion of Drug Court Professionals, vet-erans treatment courts bring the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs health care networks, the Veterans Benefits Administration, the State departments of veterans affairs, volunteer veteran mentors and veterans family support organizations together in one place in order to provide support for veterans. These are resources that speak to the unique needs of this Nation’s veterans. In my home State of Michigan, Judge Michelle Friedman Appel’s veterans treatment court in Oak Park is the site of weekly accountability, encourage-ment, and rehabilitation, and I com-mend her work. Our veterans treatment court judges are committed to the well-being of this Nation’s veterans, connecting them to services they need to reach their full potential. Servicemembers suffering from the invisible wounds of war who are discharged, regardless of the char-acterization of that discharge, truly need the assistance provided by vet-erans treatment courts. That is why the Daines-Peters amendment is so im-portant. Former servicemembers, par-ticularly those suffering from PTSD, TBI, and MST should have access to veterans treatment centers and courts. I urge my colleagues to support the Daines-Peters amendment No. 3391. 
FAIRNESS FOR VETERANS ACT  
Mr. President, I wish to stay on the subject of veterans for a moment longer. Behavioral changes are often seen in individuals suffering from men-tal traumas, such as PTSD and trau-matic brain injury, or TBI. Unfortu-nately, those individuals will often re-ceive a less-than-honorable discharge, also known as a bad paper discharge rather than an honorable discharge. This discharge status makes veterans ineligible for certain benefits, includ-ing GI benefits and VA home loans. This is simply unacceptable, and we need to make a change. Our Nation’s heroes who honorably serve their coun-try deserve access to the care and bene-fits they have earned, and that is why I introduced the Fairness for Veterans Act, which will help these veterans. The Fairness for Veterans Act will create a presumption in favor of the veteran with a bad paper discharge when petitioning the Secretary of De-fense for an upgrade in discharge sta-tus based on hard medical evidence that is certified by the VA or appro-priate medical professional. This bill has the support of both parties in both Chambers. I introduced the Fairness for Vet-erans Act with my Republican col-leagues, STEVE DAINES from Montana and T
HOM TILLIS from North Carolina. I appreciate the many Senators who have cosponsored the bill since its in-troduction, particularly Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND , who has been a champion for the bill on the Armed Services Com-mittee. Today, in the House of Representa-tives, M
IKE COFFMAN , a Republican from Colorado; T
IMWALZ, a Democrat from Minnesota; L
EEZELDIN , a Repub-lican from New York; and K
ATHLEEN  R
ICE, a Democrat from New York, led a number of Members introducing the bi-partisan bill. This legislation is also supported by a number of veterans groups, including Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Disabled Veterans of America, Military Officers Association of America, the American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, the Veterans Health Council, United Soldiers and Sailors of Amer-ica, and the Military-Veterans Advo-cacy, Inc. Improperly discharged servicemem-bers should not lose access to the bene-fits they have earned through their service. That is why we must ensure they are getting the fairness they de-serve when petitioning for an upgraded discharge status. This is a nonpartisan issue, and I am committed to fighting on behalf of our Nation’s veterans. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. THE PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the bill we are debating today is an important step forward in helping to combat ad-diction and opioid abuse. According to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, 20 percent of veterans with PTSD also have a substance abuse disorder. Let me repeat that statistic. In our country, 20 percent of veterans, or one in five, with PTSD have a sub-stance abuse disorder, and that is why we need to ensure that they have all the avenues to care and treatments available to them. We cannot allow them to suffer in silence. That is why I have offered two amendments to the bill that will help our veterans strug-gling with the invisible wounds of war. My first amendment, No. 3390, makes sure that these veterans are not forgot-ten, including their struggles in the findings. My second amendment, No. 3391, allows veterans with post-trau-matic stress disorder, military sexual trauma, and service-related traumatic brain injuries that received a dishonor-able discharge to have access to vet-erans treatment courts. I am proud to be joined by Senator PETERS in ensuring that veterans at risk of substance abuse have access to the veterans treatment courts, particu-larly those most at risk. We cannot turn our backs on those who answer the call to protect our country and are now struggling, many of whom are struggling in silence. We must do ev-erything we can to uphold the promises our government made to our veterans, and I am honored to be doing just that. I thank Senator P
ETERS for this bi-partisan effort we are moving forward here to fight on behalf of our veterans. I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss two amendments I am submitting to S. 524, the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act. Across the country, including in my home State of North Dakota, families are experiencing the devastating ef-fects of opioid and heroin addiction. In fact, in 2014, 61 percent of all overdose deaths in the United States were re-lated to opioids. In North Dakota alone, overdose deaths have tripled in the past decade. It is no mystery why. In 2014, the North Dakota Bureau of Criminal Investigation seized 1,549 dos-age units of opioids. In 2015, they seized 5,593. That is a 3
1⁄2-fold increase in just 1 year, so an increase of more than three times in just 1 year. Similarly, law enforcement seizures of heroin from Canada have grown ex-ponentially. But our data about cross- border drug smuggling is limited. To battle drug abuse effectively, we need to know not just how much but how those drugs are getting into our coun-try. The amendments I am proposing today will strengthen the overall bill by providing law enforcement with ad-ditional resources to address security vulnerabilities at the northern border that could be exploited by drug traf-fickers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.038 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1266 March 3, 2016 
My first amendment allows State law enforcement to use grant funds to part-ner with local and Federal law enforce-ment agencies. In the underlying bill, the Attorney General may make grants to State law enforcement agencies to investigate the distribution of heroin and prescription opioids. My amend-ment allows States to use those grants to partner with local agencies, as well as the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion—the DEA—and the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation. In North Dakota, our law enforce-ment has faced increased challenges in combatting the flow of illegal drugs, including prescription opioids and her-oin; however, our State has had a suc-cessful track record of partnering with local, State and Federal law enforce-ment to investigate and prevent crimi-nal activities, specifically drug-related offenses. One successful example of these partnerships is the Bakken Orga-nized Crime Strike Force. This task force was created in part by North Da-kota’s attorney general, Wayne Stenehjem, along with the Organized Crime and Drug Enforcement Task Force, to address the increased drug activity in the Bakken oil-producing region in western North Dakota. My amendment will give States greater opportunities to partner with local and Federal agencies to inves-tigate the trafficking of heroin, opioids, and other illicit drugs, as we have done successfully by creating these task forces in North Dakota. My next amendment also addresses drug smuggling. It requires a study of drug trafficking in States along the northern border. While there is much attention and energy focused on the trafficking of drugs through our south-ern border, there are vulnerabilities that exist on our northern border as well. My amendment directs the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Attorney General, to conduct a study on the trafficking of narcotics, specifically opioids and heroin, in States along the northern border. The Secretary of DHS and the Attorney General must submit a report on those findings to Congress. Those findings will give Congress greater insight into the security needs at our northern bor-der to prevent the trafficking of illegal drugs into the United States. Opioid and heroin addiction is a scourge that ruins lives and crushes the spirit. S. 524 is a potent weapon in the fight against them. I urge my col-leagues to support the underlying bill, as well as my amendments, which seek to make the legislation even stronger by increasing collaboration among law enforcement and addressing the secu-rity needs of our northern border. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MAHAN AIR AND IRAN  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, earlier this week, I joined a bipartisan group of Senate colleagues, including Senator G
RAHAM , Senator A YOTTE , and Senator B
LUMENTHAL —Republicans and Demo-crats alike—to send a letter to the United States Department of the Treasury. In our letter, we urged Sec-retary Jack Lew to continue the Obama administration’s necessary and vital efforts to crack down on Mahan Air, a private Iranian airline that pro-vides support for Iran’s terrorist prox-ies and funnels weapons to Hezbollah and the murderous Assad regime in Syria. Mahan Air is only the latest example of a pattern of behavior we have come to expect from Iran: Supporting ter-rorism and conducting destabilizing ac-tivities in the Middle East, conducting illegal ballistic missile tests in viola-tion of U.N. Security Council resolu-tion 1929, and committing ongoing, major human rights violations. Indeed, as we wrote in the letter to the Secretary of the Treasury: ‘‘Strong and swift sanctions enforcement is vital to hold Iran to account for its on-going support of terrorism, ballistic missile development, and human rights violations.’’ Today I would like to dive further into Mahan Air activities and explain why it is important that America work with our allies to continue to push back on Iran’s bad behavior and to hold Tehran to the terms of the agreement reached last summer with regard to Iran’s nuclear agreement. I will also explain why it is critical that the Senate confirm Adam Szubin, Treasury’s now-Acting Under Sec-retary for Terrorism and Financial In-telligence, who plays a key role in pressuring our allies to push back on Iran and who, in the absence of con-firmation, is weakened in that vital role. If we are serious about our shared intentions to hold Iran accountable, then this Senate must confirm Adam Szubin, and our European allies must work with us to sanction Mahan Air. Although Mahan Air is technically a private Iranian airline, it supports the operations of the IRGC—the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps—the hard- line military force committed to the preservation of the revolutionary and extremist Iranian regime. Mahan Air also provides services to the Quds Force, an elite IRGC military force that is designated as a terrorist group by the U.S. Treasury Department under Executive Order 13224. Through its ties to the IRGC and the Quds Force, Mahan Air directly and in-directly provides men and materiel to Hezbollah, a terrorist organization based in Lebanon, and to the mur-derous regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria. Yet, despite these known ties, Mahan Air is still flying into 24 air-ports in countries around the region and world, including the United King-dom, Germany, France, and Italy, and it is successfully procuring aircraft and equipment using front companies—an evasive approach that mirrors Iran’s strategy in a number of industries, not just in airlines. Since October of 2011, the Treasury Department has taken key steps to sanction Mahan Air. In that month— October of 2011—Mahan Air provided travel for members of the Quds Force, who flew to and from Iran and Syria for military training, and other sus-pected officers who flew covertly in and out of Iran. Less than a year later, in September of 2012, Treasury further cracked down on Mahan Air and two other airlines for a series of bad actions, including sending military and crowd control equipment to the Assad regime in Syria in coordination with Hezbollah, often under the cover of being humani-tarian aid. Later, in both February of 2014 and May of 2015, our Department of the Treasury took further action against two front companies that helped Mahan Air procure equipment and parts. The 2014 action penalized personnel and companies in the United Arab Emirates who helped Mahan Air transfer money and procure aircraft and other parts. This ongoing, long-term pattern of behavior by Iran and its IRGC makes clear why the United States and our other vital allies must work together to cut off Mahan Air’s access to inter-national markets and airports, and I commend our Department of Treasury for taking these important steps to designate Mahan and its employees. These actions alone are important— but not sufficient. Both the United States and our European allies must do more. To start, I urge governments across the European Union to also des-ignate Mahan Air and its many front companies for their support for ter-rorism. By continuing to support Syria’s vio-lent and discredited President, Bashar al-Assad, Iran has directly contributed to the slow and grinding collapse of Syria, to the enormous humanitarian crisis that has resulted, and to the de-stabilization of the region. There is a direct correlation between Iran’s desta-bilizing actions in Syria, but also in Yemen, Lebanon, and Iraq, and the mi-grant crisis now facing all of Western Europe. The more that Iran uses Mahan Airlines to transport the very goods that supply Hezbollah, the longer the instability inside Syria will persist and the more refugees and migrants will flee Syria toward our allies in Western Europe. Without the support of companies such as Mahan Air and the many front companies that it depends on, Iran and the IRGC would find supporting the Assad regime substantially more dif-ficult and expensive. We must work to-gether to keep Mahan Air from pur-chasing engines, aircraft, and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.040 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1267 March 3, 2016 
equipment for these maligning pur-poses. The second step our allies can and should take is simple: to stop allowing Mahan Air to land at their airports. A company like Mahan Air, which sup-ports terrorism in defiance of inter-national norms, should not have easy access to international airports. More broadly, combating Iran’s de-stabilizing actions in the Middle East and successfully and rigorously enforc-ing the terms of the nuclear deal with Iran will require meaningful inter-national coordination. As I recently wrote in an editorial that ran in the Guardian, while I un-derstand that many European compa-nies will seek to do business with Iran, now that certain economic sanctions have been lifted in compliance with the terms of the nuclear agreement, I urge our allies to remember three simple things. First, the United States and the U.N. continue to maintain and enforce eco-nomic sanctions against Iran. The United States’ designation of Mahan Air is one of many unilateral sanctions examples, and many that we continue to keep in place. Second, stopping Iran’s quest for a nuclear weapon must always remain a top priority. We are counting on our European allies to continue to share this view and to act in accordance with it—a view that they stated they shared during our negotiations that led up to the nuclear deal. Third, as Iran’s relationship with Mahan Air shows, the Iranian Govern-ment remains a revolutionary regime with a long history of pursuing nuclear weapons and a long track record of sup-porting terrorism and destabilization in the Middle East. Iran’s use of Mahan Air to evade international scrutiny is yet another reminder that we must remain vigilant in our oversight of Iran. Here in the United States, we appreciate the part-nership of our European allies. In fact, the strength of this allegiance and our ability to act as one were key factors that led Iran to agree to the strict terms of the nuclear agreement. We must continue to advocate for and keep front of mind the idea that the most important contract with Iran is the one we have already signed in the nu-clear agreement. We must pursue every possible means of enforcing it, and that means cracking down on front compa-nies that facilitate Mahan Air, and companies that are playing a direct role in fomenting instability in the Middle East. Just as importantly, I urge my col-leagues today to put politics aside and confirm Adam Szubin, who oversees the implementation of sanctions in the Treasury Department. With experience in both the Bush and Obama adminis-trations, Adam Szubin is the definition of an outstanding career public serv-ant: nonpartisan, dedicated to his job, and committed to his country. He has been widely praised by Senators of both parties, but his confirmation has been blocked for nearly a year for rea-sons utterly unrelated to his capabili-ties or his performance of the job. The cause of this hold is and has been raw politics, but the consequences of the hold go far beyond that. When Acting Under Secretary Szubin sits down at the negotiating table, the individuals on the other side, whether from the private sector or a foreign government, friend or foe, should know that he speaks for the American people and has the weight of the Senate and the whole Government of the United States behind him. When Adam Szubin travels around the world to ask senior officials from foreign governments to sanction Mahan Air and its front com-panies or to prevent Mahan from flying into their airports, he is trying to con-vince foreign governments to do some-thing difficult, but necessary. Those foreign officials should know that he speaks not just for the Obama adminis-tration but for the executive and legis-lative branches of our whole govern-ment and that we as a people stand united against Iranian aggression. Let’s demonstrate to our allies and to Iran that Congress takes these issues as seriously as we proclaim. Let’s confirm Adam Szubin and other nominees who are vital to this effort and whose confirmations have been stalled for too long. Let’s work to-gether to crack down on Mahan Air and other Iranian avenues for sowing terror throughout the Middle East. And, in the same spirit of collaboration that led to the nuclear agreement, let’s come together to rigorously enforce the terms of the deal. Thank you, Mr. President. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Delaware, Mr. C
OONS , for his leadership on this very impor-tant topic. I could not agree with him more that we need to fund the IAEA, that we need to confirm Adam Szubin for the position of Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, and that our European allies must join us in sanctions against Mahan Air. The JCPOA is focused upon one clear goal: preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. The fact that an agreement like this was able to be achieved at the negotiating table is a testament to the strong economic sanctions that were imposed on Iran in direct response to Iran’s past illicit nu-clear activities. The JCPOA required Iran to com-plete key nuclear-related steps, verified by the IAEA, before any sanc-tions were removed. Iran has shipped out 25,000 pounds of low-enriched ura-nium, thereby tripling its breakout time. Iran has removed the core of the Arak heavy water plutonium reactor and has rendered it unusable. Iran is also limited to 300 kilograms of ura-nium enriched to only 3.67 percent, which is below weapons grade. These are positive steps toward preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. But they came at a time when the world community possessed the most leverage, and Iran had the most to lose by not complying with the deal. Now, in the aftermath of implementation day and with certain sanctions relief provided to Iran, we must remain in-creasingly vigilant in our efforts to counter the Iranian regime’s support for terrorism and violations of human rights of their own people. The Iranian regime must understand that there will be consequences for vio-lations, however minor, of the JCPOA. If Iran seeks a nuclear weapon, the world community, led by the United States, is ready to implement the snap-back of sanctions in response. And if Iran attempts to test our resolve through small but persistent violations of the JCPOA, they need to be punished swiftly. I recently traveled to Vienna, along with Senator COONS and several of my colleagues, to meet directly with the U.S. Mission to the International Orga-nization in Vienna, including the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, the IAEA. The IAEA is the world’s ‘‘nu-clear watchdog’’ and the organization that, under the terms of the JCPOA, is responsible for verifying Iran’s compli-ance with the terms of the deal. We must ensure that the IAEA, which serves as our eyes and ears on the ground in Iran, with direct access and 24/7 online monitoring capabilities of nuclear sites, has the resources nec-essary to execute its critical mission. It is incredibly important that we continue to ensure strict compliance with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. The terms of the JCPOA do not change, regardless of progress or set-backs in Iran’s politics, and our resolve to vigorously enforce the deal will not waver. We will judge Iran’s leadership by its actions and not words. Last week, Iran conducted some elec-tions. But let’s be clear: Many of the Iranian candidates being touted as so- called moderates are labeled that way simply because of their support for, or connections to, Iranian President Rouhani. But it is important to re-member that, according to the United Nations, Iran continues to ‘‘execute more individuals per capita than any other country in the world.’’ Executions peaked at 753 in 2014, dur-ing President Rouhani’s second year in office, including those conducted in public, along with executions of women and at least one juvenile. Amnesty International has reported on contin-ued crackdowns against artists and ac-tivists who were tortured into confes-sions to crimes such as ‘‘spreading propaganda against the system’’ and ‘‘insulting Islamic sanctities.’’ And we know that Iran remains a leading state sponsor of terrorism. Unfortunately, I do not believe that the election results in Iran are in any way transformational. I agree with my colleague’s assessment that Iran’s elec-tions are neither free nor fair. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.041 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1268 March 3, 2016 
Guardian Council, a top clerical body of the Iranian regime, disqualified thousands of candidates from standing for election. We cannot reasonably ex-pect a transformational shift in Iran’s foreign policy, human rights record or support for terrorism when the hardline regime elements that promote these disturbing policies are allowed to prescreen and disqualify candidates for office. Iran’s support for terrorism and the ability to foster instability in the re-gion has serious consequences for our European allies and for our own home-land security. I served in the U.S. Navy Reserve, including time in the Persian Gulf, where I saw firsthand the Strait of Hormuz and the strategic chokepoint that exists there. Last year Iran seized a commercial vessel in the States, requiring the U.S. Navy to ac-company vessels and provide security when moving in and out of the Persian Gulf. The Iranian regime is a threat not just to the Middle East but to the security and stability of the entire world. In closing, I want to reiterate the need to confirm highly qualified nomi-nees like Alan Szubin, who will oversee Treasury Department sanctions against Iran and the front companies used to support illicit activities, and we need to urge our allies to join us in imposing these sanctions. We need to ensure that we provide the IAEA with the resources required to do its job and conduct rigorous daily oversight of the JCPOA. Most importantly, we must continue to provide strict oversight of the JCPOA and ensure compliance with its terms. We cannot let up or be dis-tracted by perceived improvements or setbacks in Iran’s politics. We made a commitment to the American people that Iran must never be allowed to ac-quire a nuclear weapon. This is a com-mitment we must uphold and be fo-cused on each and every day. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to explain four amendments that I have filed and would like to make pending on S. 524. I understand we are in a position now that we need consent in order to have these amend-ments pending. I am not going to ask for consent, but I will explain the four amendments in hopes I will have an op-portunity to present these amendments and have them considered by the full Senate. I know Leader M
CCONNELL  wants an open amendment process, and I think all four of these amendments are very much relevant to the under-lying bill which is aimed at authorizing the Attorney General to address the national epidemic of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. The first amendment I wish to talk about is an amendment on which I am joined by Senator CORNYN . It is amend-ment No. 3421, which would allow grants for 24/7 treatment centers. I am proud to join with my colleague Senator C
ORNYN on this amendment, which clarifies that grants under sec-tion 301 of CARA may be awarded for the establishment and support of treat-ment centers that operate 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to provide imme-diate access to behavioral health serv-ices. The epidemic of opioid abuse and ad-diction impacts every State in our country. Many of us know individuals and families who have been deeply af-fected by this tragic crisis. Heroin and opioid drug dependency has more than doubled in Maryland over the last dec-ade. The number of deaths related to heroin and opioid drug dependency has increased by more than 100 percent in the last 5 years. In 2013, there were 464 heroin-related overdose deaths in Maryland, greater than the number of homicides. Some parts of Maryland have had the highest per capita rate of heroin and opioid drug use in the United States. In some regions of the State an estimated 1 in 10 citizens are addicted to heroin. Improving access to behavioral health care—meaning both mental health and substance abuse treat-ment—is essential in combating this epidemic. According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, more than half of the individuals with substance use disorders also have at least one se-rious mental health condition. There is often a small window of opportunity for getting an individual with sub-stance abuse or mental health issues into treatment. If treatment cannot be provided on demand, often the oppor-tunity is lost. Allowing grants for the establishment and support of 24/7 treat-ment centers providing behavioral health services on demand will help en-sure those individuals in need have ac-cess to behavioral health services at the time they need it. I ask my colleagues to join me in helping to get this amendment pending and adopted. It is a bipartisan amend-ment, as I said. I am joined by Senator C
ORNYN in presenting it to our col-leagues. The second amendment is pretty sim-ple. It requests a GAO report on naloxone price increases. I am pleased this amendment I would offer would re-quire a study of the most recent dra-matic increase in the price of this med-icine. Naloxone is a lifesaving drug that is used to reverse the effects of opioid overdose. However, according to the Baltimore City Health Department, the cost per dose in Baltimore has quadrupled over the past 2 years— quadrupled in 2 years. This GAO study would evaluate the impact of the abil-ity of States and local health depart-ments to reduce the number of deaths due to opioid overdose. It is a pretty simple amendment, and I would hope we could get it pending and included in this legislation because I think it would save lives. The next amendment I wish to talk about is again a bipartisan amendment that is being offered with Senator HELLER . This amendment would repeal the therapy cap. I was in the House of Representatives when the therapy cap was imposed on therapeutic rehab serv-ices. It was included in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and imposed annual financial limits on outpatient physical therapy and speech-language pathology services, as well as occupational ther-apy services. The decision to impose those caps was not based upon data, concerns about quality of care or clin-ical judgment. The sole purpose was to limit spending in order to balance the Federal budget. I was in the Ways and Means Com-mittee room when Chairman Thomas brought this issue up to include in the Balanced Budget Act, and I asked the question: Why are we doing this? He said: Well, we need these dollar amounts to equal the numbers. I said: What is the policy reason? None could be given. These arbitrary caps create an un-necessary and burdensome financial barrier to Medicare beneficiaries who rely on essential rehab services such as physical and occupational therapy to live healthy and productive lives. Chronic pain, which is defined as pain that lasts for several months or in some cases years, affects at least 116 million Americans each year. Physical therapy plays an important role in managing chronic pain. Recently, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention published draft clinical guidelines on the use of opioids for chronic pain, making it clear nondrug approaches, such as physical therapy, are ‘‘preferred’’ treatment paths for chronic pain. Approaches such as physical therapy ‘‘have been underutilized and, therefore, can serve as a primary strategy to reduce pre-scription drug medication abuse and improving the lives of individuals with chronic pain.’’ I urge my colleagues to join me and Senator H
ELLER to permanently repeal the therapy cap and ensure that Medi-care beneficiaries, including those suf-fering from chronic pain, continue to have access to medically necessary outpatient physical therapy services. The fourth amendment I would like to offer is in title IV of this legislation. It addresses the so-called collateral consequences. Section 402 directs the Attorney General to establish a ‘‘Task Force on Recovery and Collateral Con-sequences.’’ Collateral consequences refer to a penalty, disability or dis-advantage experienced by an individual because of a criminal conviction, but that is separate from the court’s judg-ment or sentencing. The commission will study these consequences and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.042 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1269 March 3, 2016 
whether they affect the ability of indi-viduals to resume their personal and professional lives. In other words, we are talking about reentry into society. But we do not have to wait for the re-sults of a commission to take action to ameliorate one of the collateral con-sequences of a criminal conviction. Here, I am talking about the funda-mental right to vote. An estimated 5.85 million citizens cannot vote as a result of criminal convictions, and nearly 4.4 million of those have already been re-leased from prison. So 4.4 million peo-ple in our communities are denied the right to vote. Nationwide, 1 in 13 Afri-can Americans of voting age have lost the right to vote, a rate 4 times higher than the national average. Latino citi-zens are also impacted in an extreme way because they are disproportion-ately overrepresented in the criminal justice system. States have vastly dif-ferent approaches to voting with a criminal conviction. This patchwork of State laws has caused confusion among election officials and the public, some-times resulting in the disenfranchise-ment of even eligible voters. Some of these State laws are a holdover from the era of Jim Crow laws, where even misdemeanor convictions could take away an individual’s right to vote. In some cases, the right to vote is lost permanently, with no ability for reha-bilitation. This is just plain wrong. The amendment I wish to offer would provide much-needed information into the hands of citizens returning from in-carceration. My amendment would di-rect the Justice Department to provide to individuals released from the cus-tody of the Bureau of Prisons informa-tion regarding their right to vote fol-lowing release. It would require notifi-cations to individuals of the impact on their voting rights when they accept a plea agreement from the U.S. attorney and require the Department of Justice to report on the disproportionate im-pact of both Federal and State crimi-nal disenfranchisement laws on minor-ity populations, including data on voter disenfranchisement rates by race and ethnicity. My amendment does not change any existing Federal or State voting rights laws. It does not. It simply requires the Justice Department to provide addi-tional information to ex-offenders upon their release from prison, and it makes sure that defendants are aware of the impact on their voting rights when ac-cepting a plea agreement. The Depart-ment of Justice study can provide us additional information on the patch-work of State and Federal disenfran-chisement laws, which Congress and the States can use to make further changes in the statute. So I urge my colleagues to have a process where this amendment, along with the other three I have discussed, can be made pending so that we can vote on these amendments. I think they all would improve the underlying bill, and it is certainly consistent with the majority leader’s commitment to an open amendment process. I hope there will be a way that I will be able to offer these amendments and the full Senate will be able to vote on these amendments. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
FILLING THE VACANCY ON THE SUPREME COURT  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, earlier this week and last week I joined a number of my colleagues on the floor and spoke at length about the need for our fellow Senators on the other side of the aisle to do something simple—to do their jobs. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator does not have on his microphone. Mr. BROWN. I thank the Presiding Officer. Earlier this week and last I spoke at length about the need for my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle to do their job and to move forward with hearings and an up-or-down vote on whomever the President nominates to the Supreme Court. The outcry from the public continues from every corner of our justice system. Let’s just re-count quickly what happened after the tragic and untimely death of Justice Scalia. Within an hour or so, the Republican leader of the Senate said: Don’t bother sending up a nominee. History suggests that we won’t do this in the last year of the Presidency. We are not going to do hearings. Don’t even bother. Other Republican Senators, sort of like one bird flying off the telephone wire—they all fly off a telephone wire— one Republican Senator after another, first said no hearings. Then, after the majority leader said that he would not even meet with prospective nominees, other Republican Senators said they wouldn’t meet with nominees. Just imagine that. We work hard to run for these offices. It is hard to get to the Senate. When we win, within a month and a half or 2 months later, we take an oath of office. We get paid to do our jobs. But they are just not doing their job. The Constitution says the President shall nominate to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court, and the Constitution says the Senate shall advise and con-sent—not except in the last year of the President’s term, not only if we feel like it. We are just saying to our Sen-ate colleagues—along with Americans saying to Senate Republicans: Do your job. It is pretty simple. We are not saying you have to vote for the President’s nominee. Understandably, you may not want to, but at least meet the nomi-nee, at least hold hearings on the nominee. Then let’s bring him or her to the Senate floor and have a debate and vote up or down. Earlier this week I quoted from four former U.S. attorneys from my State of Ohio, from Washington State, Cali-fornia, and Virginia. They wrote: ‘‘It is unfair and unsafe to expect good fed-eral agents, police and prosecutors to spend more than a year guessing whether their actions will hold up in court.’’ These are criminal prosecutors, U.S. attorneys, saying how important it is that, ultimately, when something goes to the Supreme Court, there will be a decision made because there is an odd number of justices. The last time there was a 1-year va-cancy—which is what the Republican leader, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , is calling for—on the Supreme Court was 150 years ago, and that was because we were at war. It was during the Civil War. It is unprecedented to do what they are doing. On Tuesday, former Ohio Court of Appeals Judge Mark Painter wrote an op-ed in the very conservative, very Republican Cincinnati Inquirer, shar-ing some of the same concerns. He wrote: 
It would be irresponsible and unprece-dented to let a vacancy on the court extend into 2017. If Congress fails to act, the Su-preme Court will go two terms—well over a year—with a vacancy. The court will hear significant cases in the coming months and issue rulings that will impact our everyday lives. As a judge for 30 years, I learned that it is important for the law to be settled. 
Settled—not held in abeyance, not deadlocked, but settled—that is why we have an ultimate Supreme Court. 
Uncertainty is bad for businesses, individ-uals and for commerce. Two court terms of possible 4–4 votes would be a nightmare. 
There is no precedent for causing this damaging uncertainty. The only reason is politics. That is the same Republican leader who some years ago said: My No. 1 po-litical goal is to keep Barack Obama from being reelected, not, my No. 1 goal is to help improve the economy or to help wages go up or to preserve our freedom, our families or our economic security from attack. He said: My No. 1 goal is to make sure that Barack Obama isn’t reelected. Then this same crowd shut down the government in 2013, after Barack Obama was reelected. They didn’t like that—understandably. But they shut the government down—not understand-able. Now they want to shut the Su-preme Court down by locking it in with an even number where we will see 4-to- 4 votes. Judge Painter points out that we elected Barack Obama to a 4-year term: 
The nomination to fill the seat of Supreme Court Justice Scalia is bigger than party or politics. And there is no doubt that Scalia himself would interpret the Constitution as requiring a nomination and a vote by the Senate. It’s that simple. That’s why President Obama will do the job that the American people elected him to do. And that’s why the Senate should do its job also. Under our Constitution, we elect presi-dents for four-year terms. Obama has almost a quarter of his term left. Should the process of government stop for a year? 
Should the process of government stop for a year? It should not. My col-leagues, pure and simple, ought to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.054 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1270 March 3, 2016 
their jobs. They ought to meet the nominee. They ought to hold hearings. They ought to give an up-or-down vote to whomever the President nominates. Let’s do our job. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I want to join my colleague from Ohio, Sen-ator B
ROWN , in his message about our responsibility to do our job. It is very simple: Do our job. Do what the people of our State elected us to do. Senator B
ROWN is absolutely correct. Article II, section 2 of the Constitution states that the President ‘‘shall nomi-nate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . Judges of the supreme Court.’’ The last time I checked, the President was elected for a term of 4 years, not 3 years and 2 months. We still have 10 months left of President Obama’s Pres-idency. There is plenty of time for the Senate to consider his nomination for the Supreme Court of the United States. I find it shocking that my colleagues would suggest, even before the Presi-dent has submitted a nomination, that the Senate would not conduct hearings or consider the nomination of the President to the Supreme Court, even though that is our constitutional re-sponsibility and even though we were elected for a 6-year term. The last time I checked, we are in session until the end of this year. We don’t adjourn in March. The President has 10 months left in office, and Senators should do our work and do our job. I think the American people will ultimately de-mand that the Senate do its job and not threaten to stop working simply to coddle and pander to the most extreme and fringe elements of its base. Senators should look to the Constitu-tion for the history and the precedents of the Senate on how to proceed. I say that because if we do not hold a hear-ing on President Obama’s nomination for the Supreme Court, it will be the first time in the history of the United States that a nominee who requested a hearing is denied a hearing—the first time ever. This is a matter of what is the appropriate role in the Constitu-tion of the United States. We all took an oath of office to uphold the Con-stitution of the United States, and it is our responsibility to respond with a se-rious effort. The majority leader said that when we get a nomination, we should act with dignity. Well, we are not acting with dignity if we don’t hold a hearing. Let me remind us that the last time a President nominated in an election year of the opposite party, President Reagan’s nomination of Justice Ken-nedy was considered by a Democratic- controlled Senate and approved by a Democrat-controlled Senate. Let me also remind us that there have been times where a nominee of the President has not been approved by the Judiciary Committee. They have still come to the floor of the Senate for action. Justice Thomas was approved by a majority vote of the Senate even though he was not recommended by the Judiciary Committee. It was short of the 60-vote threshold, which means that if the Democratic majority had wanted to filibuster, they could have. So we are on uncharted waters here with what the Republicans are doing. We have separation of branches of government. That is the history of our country. That is the democracy in which we live. It is our responsibility to preserve that. We, the legislative branch of the government, have the re-sponsibility to advise and consent on the independent judiciary. The Su-preme Court operates with nine jus-tices, not with eight. It is an abuse of power of the majority in the Senate— the Republicans—to say that we are going to reduce the Supreme Court of the United States to eight by inaction. What happens when we have con-flicting decisions made by different cir-cuits and the only court that can de-termine the law is the Supreme Court in its interpretation and they are 4-to- 4 deadlocked? If we do not take up this appointment and we go the full year into next year, it will be two terms of the U.S. Supreme Court without the full complement of justices. Do your job, my colleagues. That is all we have to do. You don’t have to vote yes. Vote. Have a hearing. Have the courage to vote yes or no on the President’s nominee. They are saying we are not even going to have a chance for a hearing or vote, and we don’t even know who the nominee is, and that is just plain wrong. I think the American people will speak with a clear voice and say that is not what the Senate should be doing. I hope the Republican leadership will provide the dignity of the Senate, hold hearings, and allow the full Senate to vote up-or-down on the President’s nominee for the Supreme Court. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, addic-tion to prescription opioid pain reliev-ers and heroin is a growing public health epidemic that is taking a heart-breaking toll on families and commu-nities in every State of this country. In 2014, more than 47,000 Americans died because of prescription opioid and her-oin overdoses. This crisis is very real in my home State of New Mexico. For years, with-out adequate treatment resources, communities in my State have suffered through some of the highest rates of heroin and opioid addiction in the country. Far too many New Mexico families have lost loved ones, and many more are struggling to find treatment and recovery resources for a father, a mother, a son, a daughter, or for themselves. Two weeks ago, I visited Espanola Valley in Rio Arriba County. Rio Arriba, which is largely rural and has predominantly Hispanic and tribal communities, is filled with beautiful mountain and desert landscapes, the kinds of places that attract artisan visitors from around the world. Fami-lies from Rio Arriba can trace their lineage to Spanish settlers who came to New Mexico in the 1600s and to In-dian Pueblos and tribes who have lived in this region for millennia. Tragically, Rio Arriba County has also long been home to the highest rates of heroin ad-diction and overdose deaths in the Na-tion. In fact, between 2010 and 2014, the county’s overdose death rate was more than five times the national average. This is not only tragic, it is simply un-acceptable. Last month, I convened a roundtable discussion in the area with U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices Region 6 Director Marjorie Petty and a number of local stakeholders, in-cluding the Rio Arriba Community Health Council. We gathered at the Delancey Street Foundation in Ohkay Owingeh to discuss ongoing efforts and ways to better address the heroin and prescription drug crisis in my State. What I heard loud and clear from pub-lic health officials, from law enforce-ment and first responders, and, prob-ably most importantly, from people who have coped directly with addic-tion, is that this crisis is hitting entire communities and hitting them hard. Everyone knows a family who has a child suffering through addiction or in recovery, and many have literally lost loved ones to drug-related deaths. For decades, drug addiction and sub-stance abuse have been passed down generation to generation in too many families in Rio Arriba and in commu-nities across New Mexico. The intro-duction of prescription opioid pain medications such as oxycodone and hydrocodone into the market over the last two decades has poured fuel on this fire, creating even more cases of opioid abuse and heroin addiction. These prescription opioid pain medica-tions, which are so chemically similar to heroin, have produced whole new onramps onto the highway of addic-tion. In many instances, by the time someone has finished their first pre-scription drug treatment, they are lit-erally already hooked, so they turn to purchase new pills, legally or illegally, either through a new prescription or through other means. When they can’t afford the pills anymore, all too often they turn to heroin. Overprescription of opioid drugs and the widespread trafficking of lethal black tar heroin have both contributed enormously to the ongoing public health crisis in New Mexico and now across our Nation. The statistics alone should get our attention. From 2002 to 2013, opioid-related deaths quadrupled nationally. Drug overdoses were the leading cause of injury death in 2013. Among Americans ages 25 to 64 years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.055 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1271 March 3, 2016 
old, drug overdoses caused more deaths than motor vehicle crashes. Think about that. Over this same period, New Mexico families and communities have borne the brunt of this epidemic. Between 2011 and 2013, New Mexico ranked sec-ond nationally for drug overdose deaths, and it is getting worse by the year. More New Mexicans died of drug overdoses in 2014 than in any other year on record. Some 547 people died in New Mexico due to drug poisoning, in-cluding deaths from prescription opioids and heroin overuse. Rather than focus solely on these statistics, I want to talk a little bit about some of the people I met in my visit to Rio Arriba County because I think it puts a much more human and real face on the very nature of this problem. Jesus toured me around Delancey Street. The Delancey Street Foundation is a national residential self-help rehab or-ganization that helps former substance abusers, ex-convicts, and others who have literally hit rock bottom turn their lives around, get clean, and learn academic and vocational and life skills. Residents have to commit to a min-imum stay of at least 2 years. During that period, a comprehensive treat-ment program often produces dramatic results. Delancey Street’s facility in New Mexico is located on a 17-acre ranch in Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo. Residents there learn vocational skills to get jobs in livestock management, culinary arts, retail sales, construction, waste-water management, and landscaping. Jesus came to Delancey Street after getting caught up using and selling pills and heroin in the Espanola Valley. He had two DUIs and suffered through alcoholism and substance abuse. In 2011, when a judge gave him the option of going to Delancey Street instead of serving a 9-year prison sentence, he took the chance. Through a long proc-ess, he received treatment and learned how to cope with his addiction. Jesus has stayed at Delancey Street well past his 2-year commitment and has taken on new responsibilities. He now serves as a mentor and a role model to new residents who are trying to overcome their addictions. I met another man named Josh. He is a peer-to-peer support worker at Inside Out Recovery Center in Espanola. Josh was born and raised in Espanola, where he saw drug and alcohol use as the way of life in his community. When he was 14 years old, a high school friend with a prescription for hydrocodone offered him some pills. Josh quickly became addicted. Over time, his opioid addic-tion led him to the point where he was shooting 7 grams of heroin every day, stealing from family and friends to pay for that addiction, and going in and out of the prison system at the same time. At one point, while going through withdrawal in a jail cell, Josh was un-able to eat for weeks. He literally lost over a third of his body weight. He re-members later attempting suicide in an act of desperation to end his addic-tion and failing when his gun didn’t go off. In his late twenties, after going through these intense struggles, Josh was introduced to the Inside Out Re-covery Center. He met a peer-to-peer support worker named Alex, who had done the same drugs and been through the same struggles. Josh realized there was a way to stop using, and he turned his life around. He got clean. When a judge sentenced Josh to pro-bation instead of prison for an offense, he was released from jail and went straight to Inside Out and committed to treatment. He said it was the first time he had been released and hadn’t immediately returned to drug and alco-hol abuse. At Inside Out, Josh received peer support and learned conflict reso-lution and coping skills. He credits the program with actually saving his life. Now that Josh has his life back, he is working to help others in his commu-nity to get their lives back from addic-tion. Finally, I want to tell you about Rufus. Rufus is a 22-year-old Navajo Hopi man who lives in Pojoaque. When I met Rufus during my visit, he was getting ready to graduate from his treatment at New Moon Lodge treat-ment facility in Ohkay Owingeh Pueb-lo. New Moon Lodge is a residential ad-diction treatment center that serves clients from New Mexico’s American Indian communities. Although the cen-ter treats different types of addiction and substance abuse, including alco-holism, recently they have seen many more cases of opioid and heroin addic-tion. Rufus’s addiction to opioids began when he was prescribed hydrocodone to help with a hand injury he received when he was 16. He became addicted. Once his prescription ran out, he turned to buying pills illegally, moved up to higher dosages, and eventually moved on to heroin. He got expelled from high school his senior year and fell even deeper into this addiction. After years of use and going in and out of jail for various offenses, Rufus came before the Pojoaque Tribal Court last year and was given the option to go to New Moon for treatment. New Moon helped him see the person he could be without the drugs. Rufus just graduated from his treatment at New Moon last week. Now he is looking for-ward to building a stable home life for his girlfriend and his baby by going back to school to get his GED and working toward being a mechanic or an artist. I tell these stories to demonstrate that when we provide an opportunity to receive comprehensive treatment and receive rehabilitation, people who have suffered through the trials of opioid addiction can turn their lives around and help their communities heal in the process. Sadly, in addition to hearing these success stories, I have heard far too often that people who are looking to get help have absolutely nowhere to go. Particularly in New Mexico’s rural, tribal, and impoverished communities, there is a severe lack of access to prov-en treatment and rehabilitation re-sources. We desperately need more de-toxification centers, more transitional housing facilities, more outpatient services, and more behavioral health facilities. We as a nation are not doing even close to enough to provide adequate treatment facilities and resources to communities like those in the Espanola Valley that are struggling to meet the challenges of the growing her-oin and opioid addiction crisis. That is why I am a cosponsor of the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, championed by our colleagues Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island and R
OBPORTMAN of Ohio. This legislation provides a series of incentives and resources designed to encourage States and local commu-nities to pursue a full array of proven strategies that combat addiction. To ensure that this effort meets the needs of rural and tribal communities such as those in New Mexico, I submitted a bi-partisan amendment with my friend, the senior Senator from Wyoming, Mr. M
IKEENZI, to require that rural health professionals are included in the Pain Management Best Practices Inter-agency Task Force that is created by this legislation. But, frankly, in order to truly pro-vide local communities the tools they need to tackle this crisis head-on, we need funding, which is why I am also cosponsoring emergency funding legis-lation, championed by my colleague Senator J
EANNE SHAHEEN of New Hampshire, to provide supplemental appropriations of $600 million for drug prevention and treatment programs. I understand that Senator S
HAHEEN ’s ef-forts to include her funding legislation as an amendment failed to get enough votes this week, which frankly I find deeply disappointing, but I think the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act is still a good first step toward addressing this epidemic. You can be sure I will continue to fight to address it in the Senate and back in New Mex-ico. Addiction is a disease that can hap-pen to anyone. It transcends region, race, gender, and socioeconomic status. It is a vicious cycle we have seen all too frequently in New Mexico. By tak-ing a comprehensive approach to com-bat this epidemic, we can ensure that people have the opportunity to get back on the road to recovery. I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3345 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the American people sent all of us here to solve problems, to strengthen and sup-port our Nation and its people, and to help make ours a more perfect union. They expect us to govern responsibly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.057 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1272 March 3, 2016 
and to work together to improve our communities. This week we are consid-ering the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA. Few problems in our country have had as devastating an impact on American families as opioid addiction. From Vermont, to Kentucky, to Ohio, communities across the country are struggling, and they are reaching for answers and for help. It is clear there is a strong, bipar-tisan interest in Congress to address the problems associated with opioid ad-diction. The legislation before us is a good bill. It demonstrates that Con-gress now sees addiction for what it is—a public health crisis. But CARA will not by itself pull our communities out of addiction. CARA is an unfunded framework. Addiction is too knotted and massive a challenge to address with a mere change in philosophy. We cannot pretend that solving a problem as large as opioid addiction costs noth-ing. The emergency funding amend-ment by Senator S
HAHEEN is an essen-tial part of this effort. It puts real dol-lars behind the rhetoric to ensure that the carefully crafted programs author-ized in CARA can actually be imple-mented and can succeed. Congress has approved much larger emergency funding bills in the past. Just last year we approved more than $5 billion to combat the Ebola out-break in Africa, far from our shores. To be clear, I believe this funding was ap-propriate. But we must now turn our attention to the public health crisis here at home, in our own communities. More than 40,000 Americans are dying each year from drug overdoses. In Vermont, State leaders like Governor Shumlin have tackled opioid addiction with an all-hands-on-deck approach. Other community leaders, like the Boys & Girls Club of Burlington, have done wonderful work expanding edu-cation efforts to prevent young people from becoming addicted in the first place. I am proud of their efforts, but they will be the first to acknowledge that many challenges remain. As in other States, addiction has spread across our State, and more Vermonters are dying from drug overdoses. Several have died while on waitlists for treat-ment. Addiction is nothing less than an epi-demic, and to solve it, this crisis must be treated as an epidemic. More re-sources for targeted efforts will save lives and help stabilize families, neigh-borhoods, and communities. That is why we need Senator S
HAHEEN ’s amendment. This amendment would have provided resources to strengthen both the law enforcement and public health components needed to tackle the crisis. Her legislation would have delivered support to State and local law enforcement agencies, anti-heroin task forces, and treatment alternatives to incarceration. It would have also de-livered necessary resources to health care professionals who are over-whelmed by a need they cannot meet. No one should be turned away when seeking treatment for the terrible dis-ease of addiction. If cancer patients were refused treatment, we would not hesitate to act, and this should be no different. We must make a real investment in combatting this ravaging epidemic, and the Shaheen amendment would have ensured that. Actions speak loud-er than words, action requires re-sources, and budgets are where we set priorities. The American people are watching and waiting. It is time for us to stop talking and start acting. It is time for us to start investing in our own country, our own communities’ needs, and our own people. VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for today’s vote on the Manchin amendment No. 3420 to S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Bill. I would have voted yea. ∑ (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) ∑Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for today’s amendment vote in relation to S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act of 2015. On amendment No. 3420 by Senator M
ANCHIN , I would have voted yea.∑ Mr. HEINRICH. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the role. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WORLD WILDLIFE DAY  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, on a day that was sadly often marked by par-tisan differences, I thought I would take a moment near the end of this leg-islative day and simply remark on something where there has recently been some bipartisan progress, and I think it is worthy of some brief com-ment. Today is the third annual World Wildlife Day. This day was declared by the United Nations and will soon be celebrated in another place on this Capitol complex by a wide range of or-ganizations from all over the United States and the world that are dedicated to preserving wildlife in places in the world where it is under distinct pres-sure. As I said, this is the third annual celebration of World Wildlife Day. It was first declared by the United Na-tions, and I want to briefly remark that a bipartisan delegation of this Senate recently went to Southern Afri-ca. It was led by Senator F
LAKE of Ari-zona, and he and Senator C
ARDIN , the ranking member of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, Senator C
OCHRAN , chairman of the Appropriations Com-mittee, and I had an opportunity to meet with leaders from four different countries. They are working tirelessly to try and contain an epidemic of poaching that has reached nearly cata-strophic levels. Nearly 100 elephants are killed every day now so their ivory tusks can be sold on the black market at prices higher than heroin or gold. In 2014 alone, more than 1,000 rhinoceroses were illegally killed in South Africa, which is a 9,000-percent increase in the poaching of rhinos since 2007. I think this is of concern to all of us, not just because of the loss of these re-markable and iconic wildlife species but because it is also funding and fuel-ing a multibillion-dollar industry of or-ganized crime that also traffics in drugs, people, and weapons and desta-bilizes critical parts of the world. We have a chance to make real progress. There is a bipartisan bill, the END Wildlife Trafficking Act, that Senator FLAKE and I have introduced, and that I am hopeful Senator C
ORKER  and Senator C
ARDIN , as the chair and ranking member of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, will take up, con-sider, and markup in our next business meeting. I do think this legislation of-fers us a real opportunity to show that we can come together to support the President’s plan for combating wildlife trafficking and can make a modest and responsible investment in helping countries on the other side of the world that are facing the same sort of scourge of lawlessness and violence that marks those places in America where drug trafficking is at its peak, but instead of trafficking illegal drugs, the actions they are carrying out is the slaughter and the export of the pieces of killed animals, whether elephant tusks or rhino horns. Ralph Waldo Emerson once wrote, ‘‘Adopt the pace of nature: Her secret is patience.’’ It is my hope that with patience, persistence, and bipartisan-ship, we can celebrate this World Wild-life Day by doing something together to make progress in combating the scourge of illegal wildlife trafficking. I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up the following amend-ments: No. 3336, Johnson, as modified; No. 3329, Durbin; further, that at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, March 7, the Senate vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed and that there be no second-degree amendments in order to these amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Democratic leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.047 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1273 March 3, 2016 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving the right to object. Our respective cloakrooms have been working for the better part of this week to get a list of amendments that could get votes. As everyone knows, we have had, on our side, more than 60 amendments filed. So I want to hold my friend to an often-expressed promise that we would have a robust amendment process. Now, I know we aren’t going to get 60 amendments—I got that—but there have been objections from Republicans to a number of amendments my Sen-ators want to offer. They want to do a few votes on a number of their amend-ments. First of all, everyone should under-stand we are not holding up this bill. The leader has indicated he is going to file cloture today or tomorrow, so I got that. We are not going to oppose clo-ture, but we are not going to have the other side determine what amendments should be offered. We should be able to pick what amendments we want to offer. And I don’t think it is appro-priate—for example, one of the amend-ments he chose is from a Senator run-ning for reelection. Is there some pur-pose to that? I think we should have a process where we have alternating amendments, and we pick our amend-ments. So I would ask my colleague to agree to changing his unanimous consent re-quest so that it would be in order to call up the amendments I mention now. There would be an hour of debate on each amendment. We could certainly even shorten that time significantly prior to a vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed, and no second-degree amendments be in order prior to the votes: Durbin No. 3329, Gillibrand No. 3354, Markey No. 3384— who has been begging me for 4 days now to get a vote on his amendment— Blumenthal No. 3327, Cardin No. 3421, McCaskill No. 3375, Wyden No. 3402, Heinrich No. 3372, Schatz No. 3413, and Markey No. 3382—10 out of 60. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator so modify his request? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I object to the modification. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard to the modification. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I object to the original request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard to the original request. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I might just point out that apparently the amendment that was in my consent request that was objectionable to the other side was a simple amendment from the Senator from Wisconsin to in-clude a representative of the Indian Health Service in the Pain Manage-ment Best Practices Inter-Agency Task Force. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I under-stand, I am sure, the importance of this amendment, but the other amend-ments are important also. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up the following amend-ments: No. 3334, Kirk; No. 3336, John-son, as modified; No. 3329, Durbin; No. 3337, Johnson, as modified; No. 3354, Gillibrand; No. 3366, Lankford; Markey- Paul related to the TREAT Act; No. 3407, McCain; and No. 3408, McCain; fur-ther, that at 5:30 p.m., Monday, March 7, the Senate vote in relation to the Durbin amendment No. 3329 and the Johnson amendment No. 3336; and that there be no second-degree amendments in order to these amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. REID. Reserving the right to ob-ject. I don’t like to admit this publicly that I have learned anything from the Republican leader, but I have. One of the things I have learned is that it is not right to have the majority pick the votes of the minority, so I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Grassley substitute amendment No. 3378. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3378, the substitute amend-ment to S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Shelley Moore Capito, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, Mike Crapo, David Vit-ter, Mike Rounds, Bill Cassidy, James E. Risch, Lindsey Graham, John McCain, Thom Tillis, Orrin G. Hatch. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the underlying bill, S. 524. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Shelley Moore Capito, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, Mike Crapo, David Vit-ter, Mike Rounds, Bill Cassidy, James E. Risch, Lindsey Graham, John McCain, Thom Tillis, Orrin G. Hatch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls with respect to the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the filing deadline for first-degree amendments to amend-ment No. 3378 and S. 524 be at 3:30 p.m. on Monday, March 7. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding the pro-visions of rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Grassley substitute amendment No. 3378 occur at 5:30 p.m., Monday, March 7. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING BERTA CACERES Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last night Honduras lost one of its most coura-geous, charismatic indigenous leaders, Berta Caceres. Ms. Caceres was the general coordinator of the National Council of Popular and Indigenous Or-ganizations of Honduras, and she was assassinated in her hometown of La Esperanza, Intibuca. According to initial reports, at least two people broke down the door of the house where she was staying for the evening and shot and killed her. Berta Caceres spent her life fighting in defense of indigenous rights, par-ticularly to land and natural resources. In 2015, she won the prestigious Gold-man Environmental Prize for her out-standing activism and leadership. This horrific crime demonstrates that no one, not even an internation-ally known social activist, is safe in Honduras if they speak out against cor-ruption or abuse of authority. Her death will have a profound impact on the many communities she worked with, her organization, Honduran civil society, and all who knew her. Berta Caceres and COPINH have been supporting land struggles throughout western Honduras. In the last few weeks, threats and violence towards Berta and the communities she and her organization support had escalated. In Rio Blanco on February 20, Berta, her organization, and the community of Rio Blanco were threatened as they engaged in a peaceful protest to pro-tect the river and their way of life from the construction of a large hydro-electric dam by an internationally fi-nanced Honduran company. As a result of supporting the Rio Blanco struggle, Berta had received many threats against her life and was granted, like dozens of other endan-gered Honduran social activists, pre-cautionary measures by the Inter- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.061 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1274 March 3, 2016 
American Commission on Human Rights. Berta Caceres was an inspiration to people around the world, and her death is a great loss for all the people of Hon-duras. The immediate question is what President Hernandez and his govern-ment, which has too often ignored or passively condoned attacks against Honduran social activists, will do to support an independent investigation, prosecution, and punishment of those responsible for this despicable crime and, beyond that, what steps will the government take to protect the many others, including members of COPINH, who are in need of protection, and to stand up for the rights of people like Berta who risk their lives peacefully defending the environment and their livelihoods. The answers to those questions will weigh heavily on the Congress’s sup-port for future assistance for that gov-ernment. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, with the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, our Nation has lost an exceptional jurist and unshakable de-fender of the U.S. Constitution. Justice Scalia will be remembered for using his substantial intellect to af-fect how the American public views the Constitution and the role of the courts in interpreting the law. His thoughtful opinions over nearly 30 years on the Court shaped modern jurisprudence and helped facilitate a larger discussion on the role of the Constitution in contem-porary terms and application. Justice Scalia had an accomplished career as an attorney, law professor, general counsel for the Office of Tele-communications Policy, chairman of the Administrative Conference, Assist-ant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel for the Department of Justice, and as a judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia Circuit. It was an honor for me to support his confirmation as an Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court fol-lowing his nomination by President Reagan in 1986. Justice Scalia, who had a great love for the arts, education, and hunting, developed an affinity for the State of Mississippi and made many friends dur-ing his visits to my State. Many Mis-sissippians shared Justice Scalia’s in-terest in hunting deer, duck, quail, and turkey, but his most important influ-ence on Mississippi may result from the generous time he invested speaking to young scholars during his visits to university campuses in my State. We mark Justice Scalia’s passing by rightfully acknowledging his many years of public service, his defense of the founding principles of our Nation, and his steadfast adherence to a con-servative view of our Constitution. I am proud to have known and supported him. I extend to his family sincere condo-lences and the thanks of a grateful Na-tion for Justice Scalia’s distinguished contributions and service to our Na-tion. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN MATTHEWS ∑Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor John Matthews on his recent retirement from Madison Teach-ers Incorporated, MTI, after serving the local teachers union for an impres-sive 48 years as executive director. Hired in 1968 as MTI’s first executive secretary, a title subsequently changed to executive director, it is believed that John is one of the longest serving full-time heads of a teachers’ union in the country. Formed as the Madison Education Association, MEA, in the 1930s, MTI served as a predominantly professional organization until 1964 when it became certified as the exclusive collective bargaining agent for teachers serving in the Madison Metropolitan School District, MMSD. In rapid succession, the first professional negotiations com-mittee, PNC, was elected in 1965, fol-lowed by a name change to Madison Teachers Incorporated, MTI, in 1966. With an expanding membership of ap-proximately 1,125, MTI realized the need for professional staff, hiring John to lead their efforts in June of 1968. Growing up in Billings, MT, as the son of the State budget director and the grandson of a Montana Supreme Court justice, John began to develop his passion for fighting injustice within his grandfather’s chambers, as well as in and around the Montana State Cap-itol. In 1968, as a high school history and English teacher, John almost im-mediately found himself involved in negotiations regarding health care cov-erage for teachers. It was a path that would define both the man and his ca-reer in a profound way. His almost five decades as MTI exec-utive director have been dedicated to protecting MTI’s employees and the teachers of Madison’s public schools. His strong belief in the power of con-tracts, especially in a school district where contracts govern schools, has guided his every decision. Under his leadership, MTI has negotiated for the enforcement of strong contracts that uphold and strengthen the rights of teachers. His undeniable dedication to the teachers’ union has been dem-onstrated in his fiery leadership style and tenacity to speak out and protect workers’ rights to collectively bargain. Described by others as engaged, in-sightful, and ever ready to not only lis-ten to teachers’ concerns but act on them, John’s leadership exemplifies an unwavering dedication to the rights of public school teachers and public work-ers. His success in leading MTI is evi-denced by the positive actions and out-comes achieved by organized labor, particularly in a State where the role of unions has recently been challenged. Over the years, I have been honored to stand in solidarity with John on the issues and am proud to call him my friend. On the occasion of his retire-ment, I am pleased to recognize John Matthew’s longstanding dedication to Madison Teachers Incorporated and his fight to protect the rights and personal livelihood of the Madison teachers he served. He has impacted lives through his constant engagement, personal kindness, and fiery leadership. I wish John and his family all the best in his retirement and happiness for many years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SERGEANT TIM LINGLE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Sergeant Tim Lingle of the Roosevelt County Sheriff’s of-fice. Sergeant Lingle has recently been named the Montana American Legion Law Enforcement Officer of the Year. Sergeant Lingle has been living and working in Roosevelt County for 15 years, 9 of those years has been for the county’s sheriff’s office. He started his Montana law enforcement career with Poplar Police Department in 2000, then moved to the Fort Peck Department of Law and Justice before transferring to Roosevelt County Sheriff’s Office. Sergeant Lingle serves the Roosevelt County Sheriff’s Office not only as a sergeant but also as deputy coroner, firearms instructor, and as the Culbertson-Bainville-Froid contract deputy. He has also served the State of Montana as a member of the American Legion and has attended training as a driving instructor and a DARE instruc-tor. Sergeant Lingle has always gone the extra mile for the county, community, and the sheriff’s office. He never fails to show his loyalty and passion to the citizens of Roosevelt County. I would also like to highlight the re-cent efforts by Sergeant Lingle and the entire Roosevelt County Sheriff’s Of-fice in the search of missing 4-year-old Maci Lilley, who I am happy to report has been found and reunited with her family. Thank you Sergeant Lingle and all of Roosevelt County Sheriff’s Office for their tireless efforts and dedication to law enforcement for the State of Mon-tana.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAULA FRANCIS ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Paula Francis on her retirement after bringing the great State of Nevada accurate and reliable news coverage for the last 30 years. Ms. Francis was an important icon in Ne-vada journalism, bringing local resi-dents nightly news at 5, 6, and 11 p.m. Her passionate and in-depth coverage of southern Nevada’s news will be sore-ly missed. Ms. Francis’s career began in Madi-son, WI, immediately after graduating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.015 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1275 March 3, 2016 
from the University of Wisconsin-Madi-son. In 1985, she moved to Las Vegas, beginning her experience in broadcast journalism for southern Nevada at KTNV. In 1988, Ms. Francis joined KLAS’s news team, initially starting her extended tenure with the news sta-tion as a health reporter. After proving to be an invaluable resource to the news team, she moved into the anchor chair. During her time on air, Ms. Francis placed a special emphasis on health care issues, familiarizing view-ers with important health information, in addition to bringing southern Ne-vada breaking news coverage. Throughout her tenure, Ms. Francis was recognized as Best TV Anchor in Las Vegas by Las Vegas Review Jour-nal readers more than 15 times and was inducted into the Nevada Broadcasters Association hall of fame and the KLAS TV Hall of Fame. Ms. Francis went above and beyond in her ambitions to bring Nevadans up-to-date and truthful news coverage. The accolades she has received are awarded to only the great-est of Nevada journalists, and without a doubt, she deserves each one. For the past 30 years, Ms. Francis has been a tremendous contributor to southern Nevada journalism. Her com-mitment to the local community is without question, creating a great amount of trust between the viewers and the station. She stands as a role model to journalists across Nevada with her unwavering dedication to fa-miliarizing herself with the local issues. The knowledge she gained throughout her tenure is irreplaceable to the newsroom. Ms. Francis’s legacy both at KLAS and within Nevada jour-nalism will be felt for years to come. Outside of her career, Ms. Francis continues to be highly involved in a number of activities for the betterment of the local community. She is a found-ing member of the Nevada chapter of the International Women’s Forum and serves as a member of the board of trustees for the Shade Tree Endow-ment Fund. She has also received nu-merous humanitarian awards for her efforts and spearheaded Buddy Check 8, a campaign to increase breast cancer awareness. I extend my deepest grati-tude for all of her efforts on behalf of the Silver State. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in thanking Ms. Francis for her tireless dedication to bringing southern Nevada excellent news cov-erage and in congratulating her on her retirement. I wish her well in all of her future endeavors.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEN STEVENS ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Len Stevens on his retirement after serving as CEO of the Chamber for nearly 14 years. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his years of dedication to creating growth and success for northern Ne-vada’s business community. Before joining the Chamber, Mr. Ste-vens served as a basketball coach for 34 years, guiding teams at both Wash-ington State University and the Uni-versity of Nevada, Reno successfully through numerous seasons. In 2002, he was chosen for the role of CEO at the Chamber, and he served the State of Nevada in this position for over a dec-ade. As CEO, Mr. Stevens led the Chamber through challenging times, including the merger of chambers of commerce in Reno and Sparks. This merger, which was one of the largest and most complex mergers in northern Nevada history, led to creation of the Chamber in 2011. This incredible orga-nization has helped businesses through times of economic downturn to stay on their feet and succeed. Through the in-credible work of the Chamber, northern Nevada’s business community con-tinues to thrive and maintain a high quality of life for residents. We are for-tunate to have had someone like Mr. Stevens leading the way at this impor-tant establishment. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Stevens served as a powerful voice, advocating for businesses across northern Nevada. His hard work brought greater atten-tion to the needs of this community, and I am grateful for everything he has done to support it. Under his leader-ship, the Chamber saw consistent growth in membership, as well as addi-tional opportunities for business lead-ers to come together. He also imple-mented new programs to helps resi-dents, including the Young Entre-preneurs Academy, which is a yearlong program that teaches middle school and high school students the mechan-ics of operating a business. His work for northern Nevada is invaluable. Mr. Stevens has demonstrated profes-sionalism, commitment to excellence, and dedication to the highest standards during his tenure at the Chamber. I am both humbled and honored by his serv-ice and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Stevens on his retirement from the Chamber and in wishing him well in his future endeavors. I give my deepest ap-preciation for all that he has done for the Silver State.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO EDITH TUCKER ∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, last month, one of New Hampshire’s most respected veteran journalists retired after two decades of prolific work at the Coos County Democrat, a weekly newspaper based in Lancaster, in my State’s North Country. I have had the privilege of knowing Edith and admir-ing her work since I first ran for Gov-ernor in 1996. In particular, I have re-spected her extraordinary work ethic. She was the only full-time reporter with the Democrat, often filing several stories a day. At times, the front page would be filled with stories carrying her byline. No story was too big or too small for Edith. She covered Presidential cam-paigns, select board meetings, fes-tivals, factory openings, and, among her last stories, a characteristically de-tailed and colorful article on a pro-posal to renew bobcat hunting in the North Country. Over the years, Edith became a fix-ture on the landscape of New Hamp-shire’s first-in-the-Nation primary. Presidential candidates knew that to gain credibility with North Country voters, they needed to successfully navigate a grilling from Edith. She has been a regular public affairs commen-tator on ‘‘The Exchange with Laura Knoy,’’ a popular New Hampshire Pub-lic Radio call-in show. As State Representative Rebecca Brown, a longtime colleague of hers, noted: ‘‘Edith embraced small town re-porting. She was indefatigable, includ-ing putting countless miles on the old Jeep, in which she took to carrying a step ladder in case she needed to get a better camera vantage over a taller crowd.’’ Edith speaks with unrivaled knowl-edge and insight about her beat, the North Country. No reporter has better captured the struggle and indomitable spirit of that region. In her early years with the Democrat, her stories docu-mented the pain and upheaval of too many devastating factory closings and job losses. More recently, she has cov-ered heartening stories of new busi-nesses and development projects flow-ing to the region, creating new jobs and opportunities. In many retirement tributes, Edith Tucker has been described as a North Country institution and icon, but I sus-pect Edith would prefer to be recog-nized simply as a skilled, hard-working beat journalist, always determined to get the story right and keep her com-munity informed. She did exactly that for two decades. Edith Tucker has made the Granite State a better place, both by what she has accomplished and by who she is. There are many more stories—and chapters—yet to be written in the life of this beloved and accomplished jour-nalist. I join with people across the North Country in thanking Edith for a job superbly done and wishing her many happy years in retirement. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and withdrawals which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.049 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1276 March 3, 2016 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:35 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3716. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to pro-vide to the Secretary of Health and Human Services certain information with respect to provider terminations, and for other pur-poses. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 11:58 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1596. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3716. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to pro-vide to the Secretary of Health and Human Services certain information with respect to provider terminations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4597. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Zoxamide; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9942–18–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4598. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Penoxsulam; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9940–36–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4599. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pendimethalin; Tolerance Actions; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9942–24–OCSPP) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4600. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluensulfone; Pesticide Tolerance for Emergency Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9942–10– OCSPP) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4601. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Alpha-[2,4,6-Tris[1-(phen yl)ethyl]phenyl]-OMEGA- hydroxypoly(oxyethylene)poly (oxypropylene)copolymer; Tolerance Exemp-tion’’ (FRL No. 9942–48–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4602. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Trifloxystrobin; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9941–92–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4603. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘D-Glucitol, 1-deoxy-1-(methylamino)- , N–C8–10 acyl derivatives; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9942–43–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4604. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Golden Nematode; Removal of Regulated Areas in Orleans, Nassau, and Suffolk Counties, New York’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2015–0040) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4605. A communication of from the Di-rector of the Transparency and Account-ability Reporting Division, Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Adminis-trative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ (RIN0505–AA15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4606. A communication from the Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of General Lloyd J. Austin III, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4607. A communication from the Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieu-tenant General Mary A. Legere, United States Army, and her advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4608. A communication from the Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of ten (10) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4609. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4610. A communication from the Pro-gram Specialist of the Legislative and Regu-latory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expanded Ex-amination Cycle for Certain Small Insured Depository Institutions and U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks’’ (RIN1557– AE01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4611. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Rulemaking to Affirm Interim Amendments to Dates in Federal Implemen-tation Plans Addressing Interstate Trans-port of Ozone and Fine Particulate Matter’’ ((RIN2060–AS40) (FRL No. 9943–36–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4612. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Arizona Air Plan Revi-sions; Phoenix, Arizona; Second 10-Year Car-bon Monoxide Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9942–17–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4613. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Disapproval; Georgia: Dis-approval of Automatic Rescission Clause’’ (FRL No. 9943–35–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4614. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Base Year Emission Inventories for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9943–31–Re-gion 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4615. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Regional Haze Glatfelter BART SIP Revision’’ (FRL No. 9943–29–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4616. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Base Year Emission Inventories for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9943–33–Re-gion 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4617. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Federal Plan Requirements for Sew-age Sludge Incineration Units Constructed on or Before October 14, 2010’’ ((RIN2060– AR77) (FRL No. 9940–50–OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4618. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.006 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1277 March 3, 2016 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; Iowa Plan for the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9942–79–Region 7) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4619. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Prevention of Significant Deterioration; Fine Particulate Matter’’ (FRL No. 9942–90– Region 3) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4620. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Revisions to the Utah Division of Ad-ministrative Rules, R307–300 Series; Area Source Rules for Attainment of Fine Partic-ulate Matter Standards’’ (FRL No. 9935–54– Region 8) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4621. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality: Revision to the Regu-latory Definition of Volatile Organic Com-pounds—Requirements for t-Butyl Acetate’’ ((RIN2060–AR65) (FRL No. 9942–80–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4622. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port of the Attorney General to the Congress of the United States on the Administration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, for the six months ending June 30, 2015’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4623. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report consistent with the Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (P.L. 107–243) and the Au-thorization for the Use of Force Against Iraq Resolution of 1991 (P.L. 102–1) for the August 15, 2015—October 13, 2015 reporting period; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4624. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a pe-tition to add workers who were employed at Battelle Laboratories at the King Avenue site in Columbus, Ohio, to the Special Expo-sure Cohort; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4625. A communication from the Acting Director, Pay and Leave, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prevailing Rate Systems; Definition of Hancock County, Mis-sissippi, to a Nonappropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Area’’ (RIN3206–AN20) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4626. A communication from the Report to the Nation Delegation Director, Boy Scouts of America, transmitting, pursuant to law, the organization’s 2015 annual report; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4627. A communication from the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, transmitting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Beijing Treaty Implementation Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–4628. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4629. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Automotive Fuel Ratings, Certification and Posting’’ (RIN3084–AB39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–132. A petition from a citizen of the State of Minnesota relative to the election of a Senator; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. *Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Massa-chusetts, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. *Daniel B. Maffei, of New York, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2017. *Coast Guard nomination of Francis S. Pelkowski, to be Rear Admiral . *Coast Guard nomination of Rear Adm. Fred M. Midgette, to be Vice Admiral. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 2622. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 2623. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to deny the deduction for advertising and promotional expenses for prescription drugs; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mrs. MURRAY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2624. A bill to establish the ‘‘Biomedical Innovation Fund’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TOOMEY: S. 2625. A bill to protect our servicemembers’ children from convicted pedophiles and other felons infiltrating the classroom; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 2626. A bill to authorize the operation of unmanned aircraft systems by institutions of higher education for educational and re-search purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. R
EID): S. 2627. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Mojave National Preserve; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. COONS: S. 2628. A bill to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, Mr. C OONS , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 2629. A bill to establish in the United States Agency for International Develop-ment an entity to be known as the United States Global Development Lab, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 2630. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to require certain dis-closures be included on employee pay stubs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 2631. A bill to amend the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 to define environmental intervention blood lead level, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2632. A bill to promote freedom, human rights, and the rule of law as part of United States-Vietnam relations and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2633. A bill to improve the ability of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide health care to veterans through non-Depart-ment health care providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. FRANKEN: S. 2634. A bill to establish an interagency One Health Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mrs. M URRAY ): S. 2635. A bill to enhance the ability of the United States to carry out icebreaking in the polar regions and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. TESTER: S. 2636. A bill to amend the Act of June 18, 1934, to require mandatory approval of appli-cations for land to be taken into trust if the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.009 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1278 March 3, 2016 
land is wholly within a reservation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 2637. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to clarify the treatment of au-thentic Alaska Native articles of handicraft containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. SULLIVAN: S. 2638. A bill to provide for the issuance of a Battle of Midway 75th Anniversary Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2639. A bill to direct the Director of the Government Publishing Office to provide members of the public with Internet access to Congressional Research Service reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): S. 2640. A bill to amend the market name of genetically altered salmon in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHUMER: S. 2641. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act, in relation to requiring adrenoleukodystrophy screening of newborns; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 2642. A bill to require air carriers to pro-vide training to certain employees and con-tractors to combat human trafficking; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. Res. 385. A resolution recognizing the historic achievement of astronaut Scott Jo-seph Kelly of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration as the first person of the United States to complete a continuous 1-year mission in space; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. C OONS , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. B
OXER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. K ING, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. Res. 386. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the United States should establish a goal of more than 50 per-cent clean and carbon-free electricity by 2030 to avoid the worst impacts of climate change, grow the economy, increase shared prosperity, improve public health, and pre-serve the national security of the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. Res. 387. A resolution congratulating the Historic Columbia River Highway on its 100th year; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. COLLINS , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. K IRK, Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ): S. Res. 388. A resolution supporting the goals of International Women’s Day; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. Res. 389. A resolution designating March 6, 2016, as the first annual ‘‘World Lymphedema Day’’ ; considered and agreed to. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. Res. 390. A resolution designating March 3, 2016 as ‘‘World Wildlife Day’’ ; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1506 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1506, a bill to provide for youth jobs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1661 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1661, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to pre-serve consumer and employer access to licensed independent insurance pro-ducers. 
S. 1775 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1775, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to accept additional documentation when consid-ering the application for veterans sta-tus of an individual who performed service as a coastwise merchant sea-man during World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. SHAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chap-ter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1989, a bill to improve access to primary care services. 
S. 2185 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2185, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. 
S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2235, a bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of cer-tain lymphedema compression treat-ment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2536 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2536, a bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking regarding the inclusion in aircraft medical kits of medications and equipment to meet the emergency medical needs of children. 
S. 2544 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2544, a bill to increase public safety by punishing and deter-ring firearms trafficking. 
S. 2551 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2551, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and mass atrocities, which threaten national and inter-national security, by enhancing United States civilian capacities to prevent and mitigate such crises. 
S. 2600 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.014 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1279 March 3, 2016 
VITTER ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 2600, a bill to amend the Military Se-lective Service Act to provide that any modification to the duty to register for purposes of the Military Selective Service Act may be made only through an Act of Congress, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2611 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2611, a bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to replace the Federal Election Com-mission with the Federal Election Ad-ministration, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent reso-lution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 383, a resolution recognizing the importance of the United States-Israel economic rela-tionship and encouraging new areas of cooperation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3402 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3402 in-tended to be proposed to S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2639. A bill to direct the Director of the Government Publishing Office to provide members of the public with Internet access to Congressional Re-search Service reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Senator M
CCAINand I are introducing bipar-tisan, bicameral legislation to make reports published by the Congressional Research Service, CRS, available to the American public online. This legis-lation will open up an invaluable, tax-payer-funded resource for use by schools, universities, researchers, li-braries, and individuals across the country. The CRS was founded more than 100 years ago to provide comprehensive, non-partisan information on vital issues affecting national policy. In 2015, CRS issued over 1200 new reports and updated almost 2500 existing products, on matters ranging from the structure of government agencies, to summaries of legislative proposals, foreign policy primers, and everything in between. These reports are posted on an internal website for use by Members of Congress and their staff, but they are not dis-tributed directly to the public. In an informal arrangement that is all too familiar in Washington, this unneces-sary restriction has created a cottage industry of services that make copies of the reports available to lobbyists for a subscription fee. Schools and the gen-eral public cannot access them, nor do readers know whether the scattering of CRS reports they can find online through third-party websites are au-thentic, complete, or up-to-date. That’s not very ‘public’ and does nothing for the average citizen in Vermont or the rest of the country who does not have easy access to Washington. Our bipartisan, bicameral legislation stops this unequal access by providing for CRS Reports to be published online in a comprehensive free, and search-able database on the website of the Government Publishing Office, GPO. This straightforward but important step has long been called for by librar-ies, educators, and public interest groups across the country. It is also supported by retired and former CRS employees, who note that ‘‘CRS reports are widely available on Capitol Hill to staff and lobbyists alike, are released with no expectation of confidentiality, and could be of immense value to the general public.’’ The century-old CRS was founded on the principles of nonpartisanship and respect for accurate, thoughtful infor-mation to inform the policy conversa-tions of the day. It is a testament to the best ideals of Congress, and all Americans should benefit from the work and resources it provides. When I think of my grandchildren working on research reports for school, I want them to have access to this resource. I also want the American people to know what information their Members of Congress are receiving on leading pol-icy issues of the day. The legislation includes several im-portant measures—responsive to con-cerns from CRS—to ensure that only appropriate materials are shared on-line. It makes clear that the GPO website will include only final, non- confidential CRS Reports and similar written, non-confidential CRS products that are intended for general Congres-sional distribution. It firmly excludes from publication any memoranda or other custom materials that CRS pro-vides in response to a research request from an individual Member of Con-gress. The bill allows for identifying information for individual CRS re-searchers to be redacted so that CRS, not individual staffers, is the named author of a work. It also requires the inclusion of a written notification in all CRS Reports to explain that the materials were prepared by CRS for use by Congress, and should not be relied upon for purposes other than public un-derstanding of information that has been provided by CRS to Members of Congress in connection with CRS’s in-stitutional role. This is an exciting time for the Li-brary of Congress and its divisions such as CRS. For the first time since 1987, the President has nominated, and I hope the Senate Rules Committee will soon consider, a new Librarian of Con-gress to lead one of the largest librar-ies in the world. As we move further into the digital age, now is an impor-tant moment to consider the promise of this great American institution and the resources it provides. I thank Senator MCCAINfor his long partnership with me on this effort, as well as Representatives L
ANCE and Q
UIGLEY who today are introducing bi-partisan companion legislation in the House. I hope members will join us in supporting this straightforward, but important, step to make CRS reports available to the public so that all Americans may enjoy this invaluable resource equally. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that letters of support be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
OCTOBER 22, 2015. D
EARCHAIRMAN BLUNT , CHAIRMAN CAPITO , C
HAIRMAN MILLER , CHAIRMAN GRAVES , RANK-
ING MEMBER SCHUMER , R ANKING MEMBER  S
CHATZ , RANKING MEMBER BRADY , RANKING  M
EMBER WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , AND VICE C
HAIRMAN HARPER : We are former employees of the Congressional Research Service (CRS), with more than a collective five hundred years with the agency. We write in strong support of timely, comprehensive free public access to CRS reports. In doing so, we distin-guish between CRS reports, which are non- confidential, and other CRS products, such as memoranda, which are confidential. CRS plays a vital role in our legislative process by informing lawmakers and staff about important policy issues. To that end, nothing should impair CRS’s ability to pro-vide confidential support to members of Con-gress, such as through briefings and con-fidential memoranda. Nor should Congress take any steps to weaken the Constitu-tionally-protected status of CRS’s work product. In contrast, CRS reports are widely available on Capitol Hill to staff and lobby-ists alike, are released with no expectation of confidentiality, and could be of immense value to the general public. Longstanding congressional policy allows Members and committees to distribute CRS products to the public, which they do in a variety of ways. In addition, CRS provides reports upon request to the judicial branch, to journalists, and to the executive branch, which often publishes them on agency websites. Insiders with relationships to con-gressional staff can easily obtain the reports, and well-resourced groups pay for access from third-party subscription services. Mem-bers of the public, however, can freely access only a subset of CRS reports, usually via third parties. It is difficult for the public to know the scope of CRS products they could obtain from Congress. A Google search returned over 27,000 products including 4,260 hosted on .gov domains, but there is no way to know if those documents are up to date, whether the search is comprehensive, or when the docu-ments might disappear from view. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.016 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1280 March 3, 2016 
We believe Congress should provide a cen-tral online source for timely public access to CRS reports. That would place all members of the public on an equal footing to one an-other with respect to access. It would resolve concerns around public and congressional use of the most up-to-date version. Addition-ally, it would ensure the public can verify it is using an authentic version. And it would diminish requests to analysts to provide a copy of the most recent report. Other legisla-tive support agencies, i.e., the Congressional Budget Office and the Government Account-ability Office, publish non-confidential re-ports on their websites as a matter of course. Doing so does not appear to harm their abil-ity to perform their mission for Congress. We thank you for the opportunity to share our thoughts on implementing full public ac-cess to non-confidential CRS reports. If you wish to discuss this further, please contact Daniel Schuman, Demand Progress policy di-rector, at daniel@demandprogress.org, or Kevin Kosar, R Street Institute senior fellow and governance director, at kkosar@rstreet.org. Thank you for your con-sideration of this matter. With best regards, Henry Cohen, George Costello, Heather Durkin, Gregg Esenwein, Louis Fisher, Peggy Garvin, Bernie Gelb, Jeffrey C. Griffith, Pamela Hairston, Glennon J. Harrison, Kevin Holland, Thomas Hungerford, W. Jackson, Kevin Kosar, Jon Medalia, Elizabeth Palmer, Harold Relyea, Morton Rosenberg, Daniel Schuman, Christine Scott, Sherry Sha-piro, Nye Stevens. 
NOVEMBER 12, 2015. D
EARCHAIRMAN BLUNT , CHAIRMAN MILLER , R
ANKING MEMBER SCHUMER , RANKING MEM-
BERBRADY , ANDVICECHAIRMAN HARPER : We write in support of expanded public access to Congressional Research Service (CRS) re-ports. Longstanding congressional policy al-lows Members and committees to use their websites to disseminate CRS products to the public, although CRS itself may not engage in direct public dissemination. This results in a disheartening inequity. Insiders with Capitol Hill connections can easily obtain CRS reports from any of the 20,000 congres-sional staffers and well-resourced groups can pay for access from subscription services. However, members of the public can access only a small subset of CRS reports that are posted on an assortment of not-for-profit websites on an intermittent basis. Now is the time for a systematic solution that provides timely, comprehensive free public access to and preservation of non-confidential reports while protecting confidential communica-tions between CRS and Members and com-mittees of Congress. CRS reports—not to be confused with con-fidential CRS memoranda and other prod-ucts—play a critical role in our legislative process by informing lawmakers and staff about the important issues of the day. The public should have the same access to infor-mation. In 2014 CRS completed over 1,000 new reports and updated over 2,500 existing prod-ucts. (CRS also produced nearly 3,000 con-fidential memoranda.) Our interest in free public access to non- confidential CRS reports illustrates the es-teem in which the agency is held. CRS re-ports are regularly requested by members of the public and are frequently cited by the courts and the media. For example, over the last decade CRS reports were cited in 190 fed-eral court opinions, including 64 at the ap-pellate level. Over the same time period, CRS reports were cited 67 times in the Wash-ington Post and 45 times the New York Times. CRS reports often are published in the record of legislative proceedings. Taxpayers provide more than $100 million annually in support of CRS, and yet mem-bers of the public often must look to private companies for consistent access. Some citi-zens are priced out of these services, result-ing in inequitable access to information about government activity that is produced at public expense. In fact, while CRS generates a list of all the reports it has issued over the previous year, it silently redacts that information from the public-facing version of its annual report, making it difficult for the public to even know the scope of CRS products they could obtain from Congress. A Google search returned over 27,000 reports including 4,260 hosted on .gov domains, but there is no way to know if those documents are up to date, what might be missing, or when they might disappear from view. Comprehensive free public access to non- confidential CRS reports would place the re-ports in line with publications by other leg-islative support agencies in the United States and around the globe. The Govern-ment Accountability Office, the Congres-sional Budget Office, the Law Library of Congress, and 85% of G–20 countries whose parliaments have subject matter experts rou-tinely make reports available to the public. We hasten to emphasize that we are not calling for public access to CRS products that should be kept confidential or are dis-tributed only to a small network on Capitol Hill. Memoranda produced at the request of a Member or committee and provided to an office in direct response to a request should remain confidential unless the office itself chooses to release the report. By compari-son, we believe no such protection should at-tach to reports typically published on CRS’ internal website or otherwise widely dis-seminated. We value the work of CRS and in no way wish to impede its ability to serve Congress. CRS reports already undergo multiple levels of administrative review to ensure they are accurate, non-partisan, balanced, and well- written. Authors of every CRS product are aware of the likelihood that reports will be-come publicly available. We do not make a specific recommendation on who should comprehensively publish non- confidential CRS reports online, although the approaches outlined in H. Res. 34 (114th Congress) and S. Res. 118 (111th Congress) are reasonable. The Clerk of the House, the Sec-retary of the Senate, the Government Pub-lishing Office (GPO), the Library of Congress and libraries in the Federal Depository Li-brary Program (FDLP) are all reasonable places for the public to gain access to these documents. Even bulk publication on GPO’s website would be a major step forward. We ask only that all non-confidential re-ports be published as they are released, up-dated, or withdrawn; that they be published in their full, final form; that they are freely downloadable individually and in bulk; and that they be accompanied by an index or metadata that includes the report ID, the date issued/updated, the report name, a hyperlink to the report, the division that produced the report, and possibly the report author(s) as well. In the attached appendix we briefly address concerns often raised by CRS regarding pub-lic access to reports. In doing so, we note that many committees, including the Senate Rules Committee, have published CRS re-ports on their websites. Also, that many CRS reports are available through third parties. We urge you to give great weight to the sig-nificant public benefit that would result from comprehensive, timely access. We welcome the opportunity to further dis-cuss implementing systematic public access to non-confidential CRS reports. Please con-tact Daniel Schuman, Demand Progress pol-icy director, at daniel@demandprogress.org, or Kevin Kosar, R Street Institute senior fel-low and governance director, at kkosar@rstreet.org. Thank you for your thoughtful consideration of this matter. With best regards, American Association of Law Libraries, American Civil Liberties Union, American Library Association, Americans for Tax Re-form, Association of Research Libraries, Bill of Rights Defense Committee, California State University San Marcos, Cause of Ac-tion, Center for Democracy and Technology, Center for Effective Government, Center for Media and Democracy, Center for Responsive Politics, Citizens Against Government Waste, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, Congressional Data Coali-tion, Data Transparency Coalition, Defend-ing Dissent Foundation, Demand Progress, Engine, Essential Information. Federation of American Scientists, Free-dom Works, Free Government Information, Government Accountability Project, Middlebury College Library, Minnesota Coa-lition On Government Information, National Coalition for History, National Security Archive, National Security Counselors, Na-tional Taxpayers Union, NewFields Research Library, Niskanen Center, OpenTheGovernment.org, Project on Govern-ment Oversight, Public Citizen, R Street In-stitute, Sunlight Foundation, Taxpayers for Common Sense, Transactional Records Ac-cess Clearinghouse (TRAC) at Syracuse Uni-versity, Union of Concerned Scientists, West-ern Illinois University Libraries. Amy Spare, Andrew Lopez, Connecticut College, Barbara Jones, Ben Amata, Cali-fornia State University, Sacramento, Ben Doherty, Bernadine Abbott Hoduski, Profes-sional Staff Member, Joint Committee on Printing, retired, Bert Chapman, Purdue University Libraries, Bill Olbrich, Bradley Seybold, Brandon Burnette, Southeastern Oklahoma State University, Brenda Ellis, BWS Johnson, Carol Bredemeyer, Carrie Russell, Christine Alvey, Maryland State Ar-chives, Claire King, Kansas Supreme Court Law Library, Crystal Davidson, King Col-lege, Daniel Barkley, University of New Mex-ico, Danya Leebaw, Dave Morrison, Marriott Library, University of Utah. Deborah Melnick, LLAGNY, Dianne Oster, Donna Burton, Union College, Dorothy Ormes, Edward Herman, Eileen Heaser, CSUS Library, Ellen Simmons, Eric Mill, Francis Buckley, former Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing Of-fice, Gail Fithian, Gail Whittemore, Gene-vieve Nicholson, Helen Burke, Jacque How-ell, Jane Larrington, Janetta Paschal, Jea-nette Sparks, Jennifer Pesetsky, JoAnne Deeken, Joy T. Pile, Middlebury College. Judith Downie, Julia Hughes, Karen Heil, Government Information Librarian, Middle-town Thrall Library, Karen Russ, Kathleen L. Amen, Kathy Carmichael, KC Halstead, Kelly McGlynn, Kristine R. Kreilick, LaRita Schandorff, Larry Romans, Laura G. Harper, Linda Johnson, University of New Hamp-shire, Lois Fundis, Mary H. Weir Public Li-brary, Lori Gwinett, Lori L. Smith, Louise Buckley, University of New Hampshire Li-brary, Louise England, Marna Morland, Mamita Simpson, University of Virginia Law Library. Mary Anne Curlee, Mary Jo Lazun, Megan Brooks, Melissa Pinch, Michael J. Malbin, Professor of Political Science, SUNY Al-bany, Michele Hayslett, UNC at Chapel Hill, Mike Lynch, Mohamed Haian Abdirahman, Norman Ornstein, P. Duerr, Patricia J. Pow-ell, Government Documents Librarian, Roa-noke College Library, Professor Patricia B.M. Brennan, Rachel H. Carpenter, Ref-erence Government Documents Librarian, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.019 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1281 March 3, 2016 
Rhode Island College, Rebecca Richardson, Robert Sippel, Florida Institute of Tech-nology, Rosemary Campagna, Sandy Schiefer, University of Missouri—Columbia, Schuyler M. Cook, Scott Casper, Shari Last-er. Stephanie Braunstein, Stephen Hayes, Hesburgh Libraries, University of Notre Dame, Susan Bucks, Monmouth University, Susan Udry, Tammy Savinski, Taylor Fitchett, Thomas E. Hickman, Thomas E. Mann, Victoria Mitchell, Wendy Swanberg, Wilhelmina Randtke. 
FEBRUARY 29, 2016. D
EARCHAIRMAN MILLER , CHAIRMAN BLUNT , 
AND VICECHAIRMAN HARPER : As a coalition of 12 conservative, free market organizations we urge you to expand public access to Con-gressional Research Service (CRS) reports. Each year CRS receives $100 million in tax-payer funding to produce and update thou-sands of nonpartisan reports describing gov-ernment agencies, explaining public policy, and tallying government spending. They are an invaluable resource to Congress in its ef-forts to oversee our massive federal govern-ment and hold it accountable. Members of Congress and their staff have easy access to CRS reports. So too do lobby-ists and other Beltway insiders, who often pay for the reports through expensive sub-scription services. But taxpayers cannot eas-ily get copies of CRS reports. This policy is unfair and outdated. It also stands in stark contrast to other legislative branch agencies: both the Congressional Budget Office and the Government Account-ability Office release their reports to the public. Making CRS reports easily accessible by the public will increase transparency in gov-ernment, and allow everyday citizens access to important information that will better educate them on the issues before Congress. The bottom line is taxpayers pay for these reports. It is only fair that they have easy access to them. Sincerely, Phil Kerpen, President, American Com-mitment; Grover Norquist, President, Americans for Tax Reform; Norm Sin-gleton, President, Campaign for Lib-erty; Neil Bradley, Chief Strategy Offi-cer, Conservative Reform Network; Tom Schatz, President, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; Adam Brandon, President and CEO, Freedom Works; Michael Needham, CEO, Heritage Action for America; Mi-chael Ostrolenk, Co-Founder, Liberty Coalition; Brandon Arnold, Executive Director, National Taxpayers Union; Jerry Taylor, President, Niskanen Cen-ter; Kevin Kosar, Senior Fellow and Di-rector of the Governance Project, R Street Institute; David Williams, Presi-dent, Taxpayers Protection Alliance. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 385—RECOG-NIZING THE HISTORIC ACHIEVE-MENT OF ASTRONAUT SCOTT JO-SEPH KELLY OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE AD-MINISTRATION AS THE FIRST PERSON OF THE UNITED STATES TO COMPLETE A CONTINUOUS 1- YEAR MISSION IN SPACE Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: S. R ES. 385 Whereas Scott Joseph Kelly was born on February 21, 1964, to Richard and Patricia Kelly in Orange, New Jersey, and raised in West Orange, New Jersey; Whereas Scott Kelly received— (1) a Bachelor of Science degree in elec-trical engineering from the State University of New York Maritime College in 1987; and (2) a Master of Science degree in aviation systems from the University of Tennessee in 1996; Whereas in July 1989, Scott Kelly was des-ignated as a naval aviator in Beeville, Texas, and subsequently made overseas deploy-ments aboard the USS Dwight D. Eisenhower to— (1) the North Atlantic Ocean; (2) the Mediterranean Sea; (3) the Red Sea; and (4) the Persian Gulf; Whereas since completing training at the United States Naval Test Pilot School in June 1994, Scott Kelly has— (1) logged over 8,000 hours in not fewer than 40 different aircraft and spacecraft; and (2) made not fewer than 250 carrier land-ings; Whereas in 2012, Scott Kelly retired from the Navy as a captain; Whereas since being selected by the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘NASA’’) for astronaut training in 1996, Scott Kelly has served— (1) in 1999, as a pilot of the Space Shuttle Discovery on STS–103 to service the Hubble Space Telescope; (2) in 2007, as Mission Commander of the Space Shuttle Endeavor on STS–118 to the International Space Station (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘ISS’’); (3) as a flight engineer for ISS Expedition 25; (4) as the Commander of ISS Expedition 26; and (5) as a 1-year crew member of ISS Expedi-tions 43, 44, 45, and 46, including 6 months of service as Commander; Whereas on March 27, 2015, Scott Kelly launched into space for a 340-day mission aboard the ISS; Whereas during his 340-day voyage aboard the ISS, Scott Kelly— (1) remained in continuous orbit around the Earth; (2) achieved the longest continuous amount of time that a United States astro-naut has spent living in space; (3) in addition to his regular duties of ISS maintenance, participated in hundreds of scientific studies; and (4) conducted 3 space walks; Whereas Scott Kelly participated in a 1- year twins study in space while his identical twin brother, former NASA astronaut Mark Kelly, acted as a human control specimen on Earth, providing an understanding of the physical, behavioral, microbiological, and molecular reaction of the human body to an extended period of time in space, which could— (1) be pivotal for the United States goal for humans to explore Mars; and (2) contribute to unforeseen scientific in-novations that benefit all of humanity; Whereas the 340-day space mission of Scott Kelly— (1) generated new insight into how the human body adjusts to weightlessness, isola-tion, radiation, and the stress of long-dura-tion space flight; and (2) will help support astronaut physical and mental well-being during longer space exploration missions in the future; Whereas Scott Kelly completed the 340-day mission with Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko, embodying peaceful inter-national cooperation in outer space; Whereas on March 1, 2016, Scott Kelly touched down on Earth, ending his 340-day space voyage; and Whereas, the 1-year mission of Scott Kelly marks a significant step in reaching the goals of NASA of future missions to Mars, elsewhere in the solar system, and beyond: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates National Aeronautics and Space Administration astronaut Scott Kelly for— (A) the historic achievement in completing a 1-year mission in space; and (B) a successful return to Earth, the United States, and his family; (2) recognizes that— (A) the 1-year mission of Scott Kelly con-tributed to research on the effects of long- duration space flight on the human body and mind; and (B) continuing studies of human health are critical to future human exploration of space; and (3) applauds the contributions of the 1-year journey in space of Scott Kelly to the sci-entific progress of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 386—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE UNITED STATES SHOULD ESTABLISH A GOAL OF MORE THAN 50 PER-CENT CLEAN AND CARBON-FREE ELECTRICITY BY 2030 TO AVOID THE WORST IMPACTS OF CLI-MATE CHANGE, GROW THE ECON-OMY, INCREASE SHARED PROS-PERITY, IMPROVE PUBLIC HEALTH, AND PRESERVE THE NATIONAL SECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. C OONS , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. K
ING, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M UR-
PHY, and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: 
S. R ES. 386 Whereas failing to act on climate change will have a devastating impact on the United States economy, costing billions of dollars in lost gross domestic product; Whereas extreme weather, intensified by climate change, has already cost taxpayers billions of dollars each year in recovery ef-forts and the amount will continue to grow if climate change is not addressed; Whereas decreased economic growth and increased costs of infrastructure repairs and other recovery efforts due to climate change will significantly increase the budget deficit and undermine the fiscal stability of the United States; Whereas climate change will have dev-astating public health implications, includ-ing— (1) increased rates of asthma and other res-piratory diseases, especially in vulnerable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.021 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1282 March 3, 2016 
populations, including children and low in-come communities; (2) the spread of infectious diseases; (3) risks to food and water supplies; and (4) an increased number of premature deaths; Whereas inaction on climate change will disproportionately impact communities of color and exacerbate economic inequalities; Whereas the Secretary of Defense has iden-tified climate change as a threat multiplier that will increase global instability and con-flict; Whereas the transition to a clean energy economy is feasible with existing tech-nology; and Whereas the transition to clean energy will— (1) create millions of jobs; (2) increase— (A) the gross domestic product of the United States; and (B) household income; (3) save— (A) billions of dollars in avoidable health costs; and (B) lives and improve public health; (4) lower energy bills for businesses and consumers; (5) help the United States achieve the international emissions reduction goal of re-ducing greenhouse gas emissions to 26 to 28 percent of 2005 levels by 2025; and (6) unlock billions of dollars in private in-vestment: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that the United States should— (1) establish a national goal of more than 50 percent clean and carbon-free electricity by 2030; and (2) enact legislation to accelerate the tran-sition to clean energy to meet that goal. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 387—CON-GRATULATING THE HISTORIC CO-LUMBIA RIVER HIGHWAY ON ITS 100TH YEAR Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Environment and Public Works: 
S. R ES. 387 Whereas June 7, 2016 marks the 100th anni-versary of the Historic Columbia River High-way, a 75-mile-long scenic highway designed by Samuel C. Lancaster that runs through the Columbia River Gorge between Troutdale and The Dalles, Oregon; Whereas the Historic Columbia River High-way, the first scenic highway in the United States and the first modern highway in the Pacific Northwest, is a National Historic Landmark; Whereas Samuel C. Lancaster wrote that, when engineering the Historic Columbia River Highway, Lancaster aimed ‘‘to find . . . the points where the most beautiful things along the line might be seen to the best advantage, and if possible to locate the road in such a way as to reach them’’; Whereas the Historic Columbia River High-way is an engineering masterpiece that suc-cessfully used innovative engineering tech-niques to complement the magnificent nat-ural landscape of the Columbia River Gorge; Whereas the Historic Columbia River High-way showcases all aspects of the rich and di-verse natural landscape of Oregon, including Multnomah Falls, the fourth-largest water-fall in the United States; Whereas the construction of a water-level route through the Columbia River Gorge, now Interstate 84, destroyed many sections of the Historic Columbia River Highway; Whereas, in the Columbia River Gorge Na-tional Scenic Area Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–663; 100 Stat. 4274), Congress directed the Oregon Department of Transportation to prepare a program to preserve and restore the Historic Columbia River Highway for public use as a historic road; Whereas the State of Oregon is working to connect intact and usable highway segments with recreation trails, where feasible, to cre-ate a continuous historic road route through the Columbia River Gorge that links local, State, and Federal recreation facilities; and Whereas the continued preservation and restoration of the Historic Columbia River Highway will provide greater access to the Columbia River Gorge for recreation and tourism, which will help to boost the econo-mies of the region: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Historic Columbia River Highway on its 100th year; (2) recognizes the cultural, economic, and environmental importance of the Historic Columbia River Highway; (3) expresses support for the continued suc-cess of the restoration of the Historic Colum-bia River Highway; and (4) requests that the Secretary of the Sen-ate prepare an official copy of this resolution for presentation to Senator Wyden, Senator Merkley, and Kevin Gorman of Friends of the Columbia Gorge. f SENATE RESOLUTION 388—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS OF INTER-NATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mrs. B OXER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. K
IRK, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 388 Whereas, in March 2016, there are more than 3,640,000,000 women in the world; Whereas women around the world— (1) have fundamental rights; (2) participate in the political, social, and economic lives of their communities; (3) play a critical role in providing and car-ing for their families; (4) contribute substantially to economic growth and the prevention and resolution of conflict; and (5) as farmers and caregivers, play an im-portant role in the advancement of food se-curity for their communities; Whereas the advancement of women around the world is a foreign policy priority for the United States; Whereas, on July 28, 2015, in Mandela Hall at the African Union in Addis Ababa, Ethi-opia, the President told individuals in Afri-ca— (1) ‘‘if you want your country to grow and succeed, you have to empower your women. And if you want to empower more women, America will be your partner’’; and (2) ‘‘girls cannot go to school and grow up not knowing how to read or write—that de-nies the world future women engineers, fu-ture women doctors, future women business owners, future women presidents—that sets us all back’’; Whereas 2015 marked the 20th anniversary of the adoption of the Beijing Declaration at the Fourth World Conference on Women, in September 1995, which reaffirmed— (1) the commitment of the international community to the full implementation of the rights of women and girls as an inalien-able, integral, and indivisible part of all human rights; and (2) that local, regional, national, and glob-al peace is attainable and inextricably linked to the advancement of women, who are a fundamental force for leadership, con-flict resolution, and the promotion of lasting peace at all levels; Whereas 2016 will mark the 5-year anniver-sary of the establishment of the first United States National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, which includes a com-prehensive set of commitments by the United States to advance the meaningful participation of women in decisionmaking relating to matters of war or peace; Whereas the first United States National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security states that, ‘‘Deadly conflicts can be more effectively avoided, and peace can be best forged and sustained, when women become equal partners in all aspects of peace-build-ing and conflict prevention, when their lives are protected, their experiences considered, and their voices heard.’’; Whereas there are 58 national action plans around the world, and there are 15 national action plans known to be in development; Whereas at the White House Summit on Countering Violent Extremism in February 2015, leaders from more than 60 countries, multilateral bodies, civil society, and pri-vate sector organizations agreed to a com-prehensive action agenda against violent ex-tremism that— (1) highlights the importance of the inclu-sion of women in countering the threat of violent extremism; and (2) notes that ‘‘women are partners in pre-vention and response, as well as agents of change’’; Whereas women remain underrepresented in conflict prevention and conflict resolution efforts, despite the proven success of women in conflict-affected regions in— (1) moderating violent extremism; (2) countering terrorism; (3) resolving disputes through nonviolent mediation and negotiation; and (4) stabilizing societies by improving ac-cess to peace and security— (A) services; (B) institutions; and (C) venues for decisionmaking; Whereas peace negotiations are more like-ly to end in a peace agreement when wom-en’s groups play an influential role in the ne-gotiation process; Whereas studies show that a peace agree-ment is 35 percent more likely to last not less than 15 years if women participate in the development of the peace agreement; Whereas according to the Bureau of Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-fairs of the Department of State, the full and meaningful participation of women in secu-rity forces vastly enhances the effectiveness of the security forces; Whereas, on August 30, 2015, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of State for For-eign and Commonwealth Affairs of the United Kingdom highlighted, ‘‘our goal must be to build societies in which sexual violence is treated—legally and by every institution of authority—as the serious and wholly in-tolerable crime that it is. We have seen glob-al campaigns and calls to action draw atten-tion to this issue and mobilize governments and organizations to act. But transformation requires the active participation of men and women everywhere. We must settle for noth-ing less than a united world saying no to sex-ual violence and yes to justice, fairness and peace.’’; Whereas, in 2014— (1) 700,000,000 women or girls had been mar-ried before the age of 18; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.022 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1283 March 3, 2016 
(2) 250,000,000 women or girls had been mar-ried before the age of 15; Whereas, on October 11, 2013, the President strongly condemned the practice of child marriage; Whereas approximately 
1⁄4of girls between the ages of 15 and 19 are victims of physical violence; Whereas it is estimated that 1 in 3 women around the world has experienced some form of physical or sexual violence; Whereas according to the 2012 report of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime entitled the ‘‘Global Report on Trafficking in Persons’’— (1) adult women account for between 55 and 60 percent of all known trafficking victims worldwide; and (2) adult women and girls account for ap-proximately 75 percent of all known traf-ficking victims worldwide; Whereas according to the United Nations, women are subjected to physical or sexual violence, including rape, other forms of sex-ual violence, and human trafficking, as a weapon of war; Whereas 603,000,000 women live in countries in which domestic violence is not criminalized; Whereas, on August 10, 2012, the President announced the United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Vio-lence Globally, the first interagency strat-egy to address gender-based violence around the world; Whereas, in December 2015, the Depart-ment of State released a report on the imple-mentation of the United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Vio-lence Globally that states, ‘‘Addressing GBV is intimately tied to a range of global efforts that address gender equality and women’s and girls’ empowerment, whether in peace-time or in the midst of conflict. This in-cludes addressing GBV as part of efforts to raise the status of adolescent girls and through women’s economic empowerment activities.’’; Whereas the ability of women and girls to realize their full potential is critical to the ability of a country to achieve— (1) strong and lasting economic growth; and (2) political and social stability; Whereas according to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organi-zation, 
2⁄3of the 775,000,000 illiterate individ-uals in the world are female; Whereas 150,000,000 children currently en-rolled in school will drop out before com-pleting primary school, not less than 100,000,000 of whom are girls; Whereas according to the United States Agency for International Development, in comparison with uneducated women, edu-cated women are— (1) less likely to marry as children; and (2) more likely to have healthier families; Whereas a goal of the United Nations Mil-lennium Project, to eliminate gender dis-parity in primary education, was achieved in most countries not later than 2015, but more work remains; Whereas gender equality is 1 of the 17 Sus-tainable Development Goals adopted at the United Nations Sustainable Development Summit on September 25, 2015; Whereas according to the United Nations, women have access to fewer income earning opportunities and are more likely to manage the household or engage in agricultural work than men, making women more vulnerable to economic insecurity caused by— (1) natural disasters; (2) long term changes in weather patterns; or (3) environmental degradation; Whereas according to the World Bank Group, women own or partially own more than 1⁄3of small- and medium-sized enter-prises in developing countries, and 40 percent of the global workforce is female, but female entrepreneurs and employers have dispropor-tionately less access to capital and other fi-nancial services than men; Whereas in the United States, women ac-count for 45 percent of the overall labor force of companies included in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, and 37 percent of the first or mid-level officials and managers in those companies are women, but— (1) only 25 percent of the executive and senior level officials and managers in those companies are women; (2) women only hold 19 percent of the seats on the boards of those companies; and (3) only 4.6 percent of the Chief Executive Officers of those companies are women; Whereas globally women earn an average of 24 percent less than men; Whereas despite the achievements of indi-vidual female leaders— (1) women around the world remain vastly underrepresented in— (A) high-level positions; and (B) national and local legislatures and governments; and (2) according to the Inter-Parliamentary Union, women account for only 22 percent of national parliamentarians and 17.7 percent of government ministers; Whereas according to the World Health Or-ganization, during the period beginning in 1990 and ending in 2015, global maternal mor-tality decreased by approximately 44 per-cent, but approximately 830 women die from preventable causes relating to pregnancy or childbirth each day, and 99 percent of all ma-ternal deaths occur in developing countries; Whereas a target of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, adopted at the United Nations Sustainable Development Summit on September 25, 2015, is to reduce global maternal mortality to less than 70 deaths for every 100,000 live births not later than 2030; Whereas according to the World Health Or-ganization— (1) suicide is the leading cause of death for girls between the ages of 15 and 19; and (2) complications from pregnancy or child-birth is the second-leading cause of death for those girls; Whereas the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reports that approximately 
1⁄2of— (1) refugees and internally displaced or stateless individuals are women; and (2) the 59,500,000 displaced individuals in the world are women; Whereas it is imperative— (1) to alleviate violence and discrimination against women; and (2) to afford women every opportunity to be full and productive members of their com-munities; Whereas, on October 10, 2014, Malala Yousafzai became the youngest ever Nobel Peace Prize laureate for her work promoting the access of girls to education; and Whereas March 8, 2016, is recognized as International Women’s Day, a global day— (1) to celebrate the economic, political, and social achievements of women in the past, present, and future; and (2) to recognize the obstacles that women face in the struggle for equal rights and op-portunities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of International Women’s Day; (2) recognizes that the empowerment of women is inextricably linked to the poten-tial of a country to generate— (A) economic growth; (B) sustainable democracy; and (C) inclusive security; (3) recognizes and honors individuals in the United States and around the world, includ-ing women human rights defenders and civil society leaders, that have worked through-out history to ensure that women are guar-anteed equality and basic human rights; (4) reaffirms the commitment— (A) to end discrimination and violence against women and girls; (B) to ensure the safety and welfare of women and girls; (C) to pursue policies that guarantee the basic human rights of women and girls worldwide; and (D) to promote meaningful and significant participation of women in every aspect of so-ciety and community; (5) supports inclusive, sustainable develop-ment, including through the promotion of the access of women to each tool, skill, and bargaining power needed— (A) to promote peace and stability in soci-ety; (B) to sustain long term economic pros-perity; and (C) to achieve gender equality and the em-powerment of women; and (6) encourages the people of the United States to observe International Women’s Day with appropriate programs and activi-ties. f SENATE RESOLUTION 389—DESIG-NATING MARCH 6, 2016, AS THE FIRST ANNUAL ‘‘WORLD LYMPHEDEMA DAY’’ Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 389 Whereas lymphedema is a condition that— (1) occurs when— (A) the natural lymphatic drainage sys-tem of the body is damaged, blocked, or does not develop properly; and (B) the lymphatic fluid within a certain area, such as the arm, leg, torso, head, or neck, is unable to drain properly; (2) results in extreme swelling that impairs mobility and function; and (3) can cause pain and significantly impair the quality of life of the affected individual; Whereas the total number of individuals living with or at risk for lymphedema is dif-ficult to establish because lymphedema is underreported and often misdiagnosed; Whereas the underdiagnosis and under-treatment of lymphedema patients costs healthcare providers and healthcare insur-ers, including the Medicare program, mil-lions of dollars each year because if lymphedema is left untreated— (1) the potential for infection is greatly in-creased; (2) infection may occur in the course of a few hours; and (3) immediate treatment on an emergency basis is required; Whereas the World Health Organization es-timates that— (1) more than 150,000,000 individuals world-wide have secondary lymphedema; and (2) 120,000,000 individuals worldwide are in-fected with lymphatic filariasis, which leads to lymphedema; Whereas Stanford University estimates that as many as 10,000,000 individuals in the United States are affected by lymphedema; Whereas lymphedema can— (1) as primary lymphedema, be inherited and either be present at birth or manifest itself later in life; or (2) as secondary lymphedema, develop after cancer treatment, radiation therapy, major 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.024 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1284 March 3, 2016 
surgery, severe burn, or certain other trau-matic injuries, including injuries affecting combat-tested veterans of the United States; Whereas the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that a high percent-age of elderly cancer survivors will develop lymphedema; Whereas the National Cancer Institute pre-dicts that, not later than 2020— (1) the number of cancer survivors aged 65 or older will increase by 42 percent; and (2) as many as 3,000,000 Medicare bene-ficiaries that are cancer survivors will re-quire treatment for lymphedema; Whereas lymphedema affects an estimated 15 percent of all cancer survivors and 40 per-cent of all breast cancer patients; and Whereas, in recognition of the financial, physical, and psychological impact that lymphedema has on each individual afflicted with lymphedema, it is incumbent on the people of the United States to support— (1) each courageous individual living and coping with lymphedema, a debilitating con-dition; and (2) each caregiver, whether a professional or not a professional, of each individual af-flicted with lymphedema: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) it is the sense of the Senate that each tireless advocate and healthcare provider that spends much time and many resources battling lymphedema, a painful and destruc-tive condition that affects many individuals, should be recognized; and (2) the Senate designates March 6, 2016, as ‘‘World Lymphedema Day’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 390—DESIG-NATING MARCH 3, 2016 AS ‘‘WORLD WILDLIFE DAY’’ Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 390 Whereas wildlife has provided numerous economic, environmental, social, and cul-tural benefits during the course of human history, and wildlife conservation will secure these gifts for future generations; Whereas plant and animal species play an important role in the stability of diverse ecosystems around the world, and the con-servation of this biodiversity is critical to maintain the delicate balance of nature and keep complex ecosystems thriving; Whereas observation of wild plants and animals in their natural habitat provides in-dividuals with a more enriching world view and a greater appreciation of the wonders of the natural environment; Whereas tens of millions of individuals in the United States strongly support the con-servation of wildlife, both domestically and abroad, and wish to ensure the survival of species in the wild, such as rhinoceroses, ti-gers, elephants, pangolins, turtles, seahorses, sharks, ginseng, mahogany, and cacti; Whereas the trafficking of wildlife, includ-ing timber and fish, comprises the fourth largest global illegal trade after narcotics, the counterfeiting of products and currency, and human trafficking, and has become a major transnational organized crime with an estimated worth of as much as $19,000,000,000 annually; Whereas increased demand in Asia for high-value illegal wildlife products, particu-larly elephant ivory and rhinoceros horns, has recently triggered substantial and rapid increases in poaching of these species, par-ticularly in Africa; Whereas trafficking of wildlife is a primary threat to many wildlife species, including elephants, rhinoceroses, tigers, pangolins, and sharks; Whereas many different kinds of criminals, including some terrorist entities and rogue security personnel, often in collusion with corrupt government officials, are involved in wildlife poaching and the movement of ivory and rhinoceros horns across Africa; Whereas wildlife poaching presents signifi-cant security and stability challenges for military and police forces in African nations that are often threatened by heavily armed poachers and the criminal and extremist al-lies of those poachers; Whereas wildlife poaching negatively im-pacts local communities that rely on natural resources for economic development, includ-ing tourism; Whereas penal and financial deterrents can improve the ability of African governments to reduce poaching and trafficking and en-hance their capabilities of managing their resources; Whereas assisting institutions in devel-oping nations, including material, training, legal, and diplomatic support, can reduce il-legal wildlife trade; Whereas wildlife provides a multitude of benefits to all nations, and wildlife crime has wide-ranging economic, environmental, and social impacts; Whereas, between 2010 and 2013, the number of elephants killed in Africa by poachers is estimated to have been 100,000 out of a re-maining population of roughly 500,000 ele-phants; Whereas, from 2007 to 2012, the number of elephants killed in Kenya increased by more than 800 percent, from 47 to 387 elephants killed; Whereas the number of forest elephants in the Congo Basin in Central Africa declined by approximately 2⁄3between 2002 and 2012, placing forest elephants on track for extinc-tion in the next decade; Whereas the number of rhinoceroses killed by poachers in South Africa increased by al-most 10,000 percent between 2007 and 2014, from 13 to more than 1,200 rhinoceroses killed; Whereas as few as 3,200 tigers remain in the wild throughout all of Asia; Whereas pangolins are often referred to as the most trafficked mammal in the world and all 8 pangolin species spanning Africa and Asia are faced with extinction because pangolin scales are sought after in the prac-tice of traditional Chinese medicine and pan-golin meat is considered a delicacy; Whereas approximately 100,000,000 sharks are killed annually, often targeted solely for their fins, and unsustainable trade is the pri-mary cause of serious population decline in several shark species, including scalloped hammerhead sharks, great hammerhead sharks, and oceanic whitetip sharks; Whereas the United States is developing and implementing measures to address the criminal, financial, security, and environ-mental aspects of wildlife trafficking; Whereas Congress has allocated specific re-sources to combat wildlife trafficking and address the threats posed by poaching and the illegal wildlife trade; Whereas, in December 2013, the United Na-tions General Assembly proclaimed March 3 as World Wildlife Day to celebrate and raise awareness of the wild fauna and flora around the world; Whereas March 3, 2016 represents the third annual celebration of World Wildlife Day; Whereas, in 2016, the theme of World Wild-life Day is ‘‘The future of wildlife is in our hands’’; and Whereas, in 2016, World Wildlife Day com-memorations will ‘‘celebrate the many beau-tiful and varied forms of wild fauna and flora, raise awareness of the multitude of benefits that wildlife provides to people, and raise awareness of the urgent need to step up the fight against wildlife crime, which has wide-ranging economic, environmental, and social impacts’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 3, 2016 as ‘‘World Wildlife Day’’; (2) supports raising awareness of the bene-fits that wildlife provides to people and the threats facing wildlife around the world; (3) supports escalating the fight against wildlife crime, including wildlife trafficking; (4) applauds the domestic and inter-national efforts to escalate the fight against wildlife crime; (5) commends the efforts of the United States to mobilize the entire Government in a coordinated, efficient, and effective man-ner for dramatic progress in the fight against wildlife crime; and (6) encourages continued cooperation be-tween the United States, international part-ners, local communities, nonprofit organiza-tions, private industry, and other partner or-ganizations in an effort to conserve and cele-brate wildlife, preserving this precious re-source for future generations. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3417. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3418. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 524, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3419. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 524, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3420. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASS -
LEY (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C OR-
NYN, and Mr. D URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, supra. SA 3421. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 pro-posed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3422. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 524, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3423. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for him- self, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D
URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3424. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 524, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3425. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASS -
LEY (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C OR-
NYN, and Mr. D URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.025 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1285 March 3, 2016 
SA 3426. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for him- self, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D
URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3427. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mrs. F ISCH-
ER(for herself, Mr. D AINES , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. B OXER , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2276, to amend title 49, United States Code, to pro-vide enhanced safety in pipeline transpor-tation, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3417. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 705. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES STUDY ON VET-ERANS TREATMENT COURTS AND VETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH PROGRAM. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) complete a study on the effectiveness of Veterans Treatment Courts and the Veterans Justice Outreach Program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the find-ings of the Comptroller General with respect to the study completed under paragraph (1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—As part of the study re-quired by subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall assess the following: (1) The extent to which Veterans Treat-ment Courts— (A) provide a benefit to veterans with a mental illness or substance abuse problem; and (B) provide timely access to services fur-nished by the Veterans Health Administra-tion. (2) The number of Veterans Treatment Courts in operation. (3) The number of Veterans Treatment Courts in the process of being established. (4) What is known about the effectiveness of Veterans Treatment Courts and what data are reported to the Federal Government about the use and performance of such courts. (5) The number of veterans assigned to each Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist that is assigned to a Veterans Treatment Court. (6) The method by which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs allocates the number and location of Veterans Justice Outreach Spe-cialists and whether such method adequately ensures appropriate representation in Vet-erans Treatment Courts. (7) To what extent would having additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists— (A) provide veterans with better access to services furnished by the Veterans Health Administration; and (B) allow for the establishment of addi-tional Veterans Treatment Courts. 
SA 3418. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. M AR-
KEY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REMOVAL OF INMATE LIMITATION ON BENEFITS UNDER MEDICAID. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The subdivision (A) of section 1905(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(a)) that follows paragraph (29) is amended by inserting ‘‘or in custody pending disposition of charges’’ after ‘‘patient in a medical institution’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first calendar quarter be-ginning more than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to items and services furnished for periods be-ginning on or after such date. 
SA 3419. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 101, strike subsection (c)(5) and all that follows through the end of the sec-tion, and insert the following: (5) representatives of hospitals; (6) representatives of— (A) pain management professional organi-zations; (B) the mental health treatment commu-nity; (C) the addiction treatment community; (D) pain advocacy groups; (E) groups with expertise around overdose reversal; (F) State agencies that manage State pre-scription drug monitoring programs; and (G) State agencies that administer grants under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21 et seq.); and (7) other stakeholders, as the Secretary de-termines appropriate. (d) D
UTIES .—The task force shall— (1) not later than 180 days after the date on which the task force is convened under sub-section (b), review, modify, and update, as appropriate, best practices for pain manage-ment (including chronic and acute pain) and prescribing pain medication, taking into consideration— (A) existing pain management research; (B) recommendations from relevant con-ferences and existing relevant evidence- based guidelines; (C) ongoing efforts at the State and local levels and by medical professional organiza-tions to develop improved pain management strategies, including consideration of alter-natives to opioids to reduce opioid monotherapy in appropriate cases; (D) the management of high-risk popu-lations, other than populations who suffer pain, who— (i) may use or be prescribed benzodiazepines, alcohol, and diverted opioids; or (ii) receive opioids in the course of medical care; (E) whether the State prescription drug monitoring programs are sufficiently avail-able, functional, and useful to be integrated into the process for prescribing pain medica-tion; and (F) the Proposed 2016 Guideline for Pre-scribing Opioids for Chronic Pain issued by the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion (80 Fed. Reg. 77351 (December 14, 2015)) and any final guidelines issued by the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention; (2) solicit and take into consideration pub-lic comment on the practices developed under paragraph (1), amending such best practices if appropriate; and (3) develop a strategy for disseminating in-formation about the best practices to stake-holders, as appropriate. (e) LIMITATION .—The task force shall not have rulemaking authority. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date on which the task force is convened under subsection (b), the task force shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) the strategy for disseminating best practices for pain management (including chronic and acute pain) and prescribing pain medication, as reviewed, modified, or up-dated under subsection (d); (2) the results of a feasibility study on linking the best practices described in para-graph (1) to receiving and renewing registra-tions under section 303(f) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(f)); and (3) recommendations for effectively apply-ing the best practices described in paragraph (1) to improve prescribing practices at med-ical facilities, including medical facilities of the Veterans Health Administration. (g) GAO R
EPORT ON STATE PRESCRIPTION  D
RUG MONITORING PROGRAMS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to Congress a report examining the variations that exist across State prescription drug monitoring programs that have been sup-ported by Federal funds. The Comptroller General shall review, and include in the re-port recommendations on, best practices to maximize the effectiveness of such programs and State strategies to increase queries to such programs by health care providers. 
SA 3420. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; as follows: 
On page 14, line 10, insert ‘‘consumers,’’ after ‘‘patients,’’. On page 14, line 12, strike ‘‘prescribed.’’ and insert ‘‘prescribed, including opioid and methadone abuse. Such education and aware-ness campaigns shall include information on the dangers of opioid abuse, how to prevent opioid abuse including through safe disposal of prescription medications and other safety precautions, and detection of early warning signs of addiction.’’. On page 16, line 22, strike ‘‘or’’. On page 17, line 2, insert ‘‘or’’ at the end. On page 17, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: ‘‘(C) a sudden increase in opioid-related deaths, as documented by local data; On page 18, line 23, strike ‘‘1997.’’ and in-sert ‘‘1997, and may also include an evalua-tion of the effectiveness at reducing abuse of opioids, methadone, or methamphetamines.’’. 
SA 3421. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.027 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1286 March 3, 2016 
COONS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 39, line 1, strike ‘‘other clinically appropriate services,’’ and insert ‘‘other clinically appropriate services and through the establishment and support of treatment centers that operate 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, to provide immediate access to behav-ioral health treatment,’’. 
SA 3422. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. VOTING RIGHTS. 
(a) I NFORMATION FOR INCARCERATED INDI-
VIDUALS .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall immediately ensure that indi-viduals in the custody of the Bureau of Pris-ons are provided information regarding the voting rights restoration process upon re-lease and return to their home State. (b) N
OTICE IN CRIMINAL CASES.—The Attor-ney General shall require that the United States attorneys provide notice to defend-ants in Federal criminal cases regarding the loss of the right to vote as a result of a plea agreement to any disfranchising offense, whether the offense is a misdemeanor or fel-ony. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attor-ney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the disproportionate impact of Federal and State criminal dis-enfranchisement laws on minority popu-lations, which shall include data on disfranchisement rates by race and eth-nicity. 
SA 3423. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 504. MANDATORY DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN VETERAN INFORMATION TO STATE CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE MONI-TORING PROGRAMS. 
Section 5701(l) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall’’. 
SA 3424. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. COMBAT HEROIN EPIDEMIC AND BACKLOG ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Combat Heroin Epidemic and Backlog Act of 2016’’. (b) C
ONFRONTING THE USE OF HEROIN AND  A
SSOCIATED DRUGS .—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART LL—CONFRONTING THE USE OF HEROIN AND ASSOCIATED DRUGS 
‘‘SEC. 3021. AUTHORITY TO MAKE GRANTS TO AD-DRESS PUBLIC SAFETY AND HEROIN DISTRIBUTION, SALE, AND USE. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to assist States and Indian tribes to— ‘‘(1) carry out programs to address the dis-tribution, sale, and use of heroin, fentanyl, and associated synthetic drugs; and ‘‘(2) improve the ability of State, tribal, and local government institutions to carry out such programs. ‘‘(b) G
RANT AUTHORIZATION .—The Attorney General, through the Bureau of Justice As-sistance, may make grants to States and In-dian tribes to address the distribution, sale, and use of heroin, fentanyl, and associated synthetic drugs to enhance public safety. ‘‘(c) G
RANT PROJECTS TOADDRESS DIS-
TRIBUTION , S ALE, AND USE OF HEROIN , F
ENTANYL , AND ASSOCIATED SYNTHETIC  D
RUGS .—Grants made under subsection (b) may be used for programs, projects, and other activities to— ‘‘(1) reimburse State, local, or other public crime laboratories and medical examiners to help address backlogs of untested samples of heroin, fentanyl, and associated synthetic drugs as well as associated toxicology test-ing; ‘‘(2) reimburse State, local, or other public crime laboratories and medical examiners for procuring equipment, technology, or other support systems if the applicant for the grant demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Attorney General that expenditures for such purposes would result in improved effi-ciency of laboratory testing and help prevent future backlogs; ‘‘(3) reimburse State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies for procuring field- testing equipment for use in the identifica-tion or detection of heroin, fentanyl, and as-sociated synthetic drugs; ‘‘(4) investigate, arrest, and prosecute indi-viduals violating laws related to the dis-tribution or sale of heroin, fentanyl, and as-sociated synthetic drugs; and ‘‘(5) support State, tribal, and local health department services deployed to address the use of heroin, fentanyl, and associated syn-thetic drugs. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION .—Not less than 60 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section shall be awarded for the pur-poses under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (c). ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019. ‘‘(f) A
LLOCATION .— ‘‘(1) P
OPULATION ALLOCATION .—Seventy-five percent of the amount made available to carry out this section in a fiscal year shall be allocated to each State that meets the re-quirements of section 2802 so that each State shall receive an amount that bears the same ratio to the 75 percent of the total amount made available to carry out this section for that fiscal year as the population of the State bears to the population of all States. ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETIONARY ALLOCATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Twenty-five percent of the amount made available to carry out this section in a fiscal year shall be allocated pursuant to the Attorney General’s discre-tion for competitive awards to States and In-dian tribes. ‘‘(B) CONSIDERATIONS .—In making awards under subparagraph (A), the Attorney Gen-eral shall consider— ‘‘(i) the average annual number of part 1 violent crimes reported by each State to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the 3 most recent calendar years for which data is available; and ‘‘(ii) the existing resources and current needs of the potential grant recipient. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENT .—Each State shall receive not less than 0.6 percent of the amount made available to carry out this sec-tion in each fiscal year. ‘‘(4) C
ERTAIN TERRITORIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the allo-cation under this section, American Samoa and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands shall be considered as 1 State. ‘‘(B) A
LLOCATION AMONGST CERTAIN TERRI -
TORIES .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), 67 percent of the amount allocated shall be allocated to American Samoa and 33 percent shall be allocated to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. 
SA 3425. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 36, line 12, insert ‘‘and partner-ships with law enforcement agencies of a unit of local government (including an In-dian tribe), the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, and the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion’’ after ‘‘collaboration’’. On page 36, line 19, insert ‘‘including through partnerships with law enforcement agencies of a unit of local government (in-cluding an Indian tribe), the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Drug Enforcement Administration,’’ after ‘‘activities,’’ 
SA 3426. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3378 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D URBIN ) to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE VIII—ACCESS TO MEDICATION- ASSISTED THERAPY 
SEC. 801. EXPANDING PATIENT ACCESS TO MEDI-CATION-ASSISTED TREATMENT. 
Section 303(g)(2) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (iii)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(I)’’ before ‘‘The total’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘30’’ and inserting ‘‘100’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘, unless, not sooner’’ and all that follows through the end and insert-ing a period; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) If a patient is referred by a qualifying physician to another physician that provides short-term services, such as induction or ti-tration, the patient shall only be included in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.030 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1287 March 3, 2016 
the total number of such patients of the qualifying physician that makes the referral. ‘‘(III) In this clause, the term ‘the total number of such patients’ does not include a patient to whom a qualifying physician meeting the requirements described in clause (iv)(I), or an authorized agent of such qualifying physician, directly administers such drugs or combination drugs that are formulated to have a therapeutic effect last-ing 7 days or more.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) Not earlier than 1 year after the date on which a qualifying physician obtained an initial waiver pursuant to clause (iii), the qualifying physician may submit a second notification to the Secretary of the need and intent of the qualifying physician to treat up to 500 patients, if the qualifying physician— ‘‘(I)(aa) satisfies the requirements of sub-clause (I), (II), (III), or (IV) of subparagraph (G)(ii); and ‘‘(bb) agrees to fully participate in the Pre-scription Drug Monitoring Program of the State in which the qualifying physician is li-censed, pursuant to applicable State guide-lines; or ‘‘(II)(aa) satisfies the requirements of sub-clause (V), (VI), (VII), or (VIII) of subpara-graph (G)(ii); ‘‘(bb) agrees to fully participate in the Pre-scription Drug Monitoring Program of the State in which the qualifying physician is li-censed, pursuant to applicable State guide-lines; and ‘‘(cc) has completed not less than 40 hours of training (through classroom situations, seminars at professional society meetings, electronic communications, or otherwise) with respect to the treatment and manage-ment of opiate-dependent patients for sub-stance use disorders provided by the Amer-ican Society of Addiction Medicine, the American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, the American Medical Association, the American Osteopathic Association, the American Psychiatric Association, or any other organization that the Secretary deter-mines is appropriate for purposes of this sub-clause after providing notice and an oppor-tunity for public comment. ‘‘(v) The qualifying physician shall main-tain records relating to the dispensing of drugs or combinations of drugs to treat pa-tients under this paragraph, including not less than 3 of the following: ‘‘(I) The number of patients the qualifying physician treats, as compared to the max-imum number of patients the qualifying phy-sician may treat under this paragraph. ‘‘(II) Whether the qualifying physician pro-vides counseling services on-site, and how frequently patients are using such services. ‘‘(III) Whether the qualifying physician re-ferred patients for counseling services off- site, the percentage of the patients of the qualifying physician using such services, and how frequently the patients are using such services. ‘‘(IV) Whether the qualifying physician uses toxicology testing, if applicable, to guide therapeutic dosing and treatment deci-sion making. ‘‘(V) The median period during which pa-tients being treated under this paragraph have received treatment. ‘‘(VI) The median period during which pa-tients being treated under this paragraph with buprenorphine have received treatment. ‘‘(VII) The rate at which patients being treated under this paragraph terminate the treatment against medical advice. ‘‘(vi) The qualifying physician shall— ‘‘(I) participate in not less than 24 hours of continuing education training during the 3- year period beginning on the date of the no-tification; and ‘‘(II) when the qualifying physician com-pletes the continuing education training de-scribed in subclause (I), submit a certifi-cation to that effect to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and, if required by the State in which the qualifying physician is licensed, to the State.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) Notwithstanding section 708, nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to pre-empt any State law that— ‘‘(i) permits a qualifying physician to dis-pense narcotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V or combinations of such drugs to a total number of patients for maintenance or de-toxification treatment in accordance with this paragraph that is fewer than or more than the applicable number described in clause (iii) or (iv) of subparagraph (B); or ‘‘(ii) requires a qualifying physician to comply with additional requirements relat-ing to the dispensing of narcotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V or combinations of such drugs, including requirements relating to the practice setting in which the quali-fying physician practices and education, training, and reporting requirements.’’. 
SEC. 802. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 303(g)(2)(G)(ii) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)(G)(ii)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subclauses (IV), (V), (VI), and (VII) as subclauses (V), (VI), (VII), and (VIII), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subclause (III) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(IV) The physician holds a board certifi-cation from the American Board of Addic-tion Medicine.’’. 
SEC. 803. EVALUATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (b) HHS.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in coordina-tion with the Attorney General, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the effect on the amendments made by this title on the availability of evi-dence-based treatment and any increased risk in diversion. (c) GAO.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Four years after the date on which the first notification under clause (iv) of section 303(g)(2)(B) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)(B)), as added by this Act, is received by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate an evaluation of the effective-ness of the amendments made by this Act, which shall include an evaluation of— (A) any changes in the availability and use of medication-assisted treatment for opioid addiction; (B) the quality of medication-assisted treatment programs; (C) the integration of medication-assisted treatment with routine healthcare services; (D) diversion of opioid addiction treatment medication; (E) changes in State or local policies and legislation relating to opioid addiction treat-ment; (F) the use of nurse practitioners and phy-sician assistants who prescribe opioid addic-tion medication; (G) the use of Prescription Drug Moni-toring Programs by waived practitioners to maximize safety of patient care and prevent diversion of opioid addiction medication; (H) the findings of Drug Enforcement Agency inspections of waived practitioners, including the frequency with which the Drug Enforcement Agency finds no documentation of access to behavioral health services; and (I) the effectiveness of cross-agency col-laboration between Department of Health and Human Services and the Drug Enforce-ment Agency for expanding effective opioid addiction treatment. (2) REPORT .—The Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report regarding the evalua-tion conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 804. DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
Section 303(g)(2) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)), as amended by section 801(2), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(L)(i) In this subparagraph, the term ‘cov-ered provider’ includes a person that— ‘‘(I) is not a physician; and ‘‘(II) is authorized to dispense narcotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V or combina-tions of such drugs for maintenance or de-toxification treatment by the jurisdiction in which the provider is licensed. ‘‘(ii) Notwithstanding subparagraph (B)(i), the Secretary may establish and carry out a demonstration project for the purposes of al-lowing each covered provider participating in the demonstration project to dispense nar-cotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V or com-binations of such drugs for maintenance or detoxification treatment under this para-graph— ‘‘(I) during an initial period, to be deter-mined by the Secretary, to treat not more than 30 patients; and ‘‘(II) after the initial period, to treat not more than 100 patients. ‘‘(iii) The Secretary may enter into grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements with 1 or more research institutions, departments of health of a State, and public and nonprofit entities to assist in carrying out the dem-onstration project under this subparagraph. ‘‘(iv) Amounts made available to the At-torney General for carrying out this section or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for carrying out title V of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa) shall also be made available to carry out the dem-onstration project under this subparagraph. ‘‘(v) The demonstration project under this subparagraph, including any authority to dispense narcotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V or combinations of such drugs for main-tenance or detoxification treatment under this subparagraph, shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2021.’’. 
SA 3427. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mrs. F
ISCHER (for herself, Mr. D AINES , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. B OXER , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN )) proposed an amend-ment to the bill S. 2276, to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide en-hanced safety in pipeline transpor-tation, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Energy: Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act’’ or the ‘‘SAFE PIPES Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents; ref-erences. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.031 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1288 March 3, 2016 
Sec. 2. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 3. Regulatory updates. Sec. 4. Hazardous materials identification numbers. Sec. 5. Statutory preference. Sec. 6. Natural gas integrity management review. Sec. 7. Hazardous liquid integrity manage-ment review. Sec. 8. Technical safety standards commit-tees. Sec. 9. Inspection report information. Sec. 10. Pipeline odorization study. Sec. 11. Improving damage prevention tech-nology. Sec. 12. Workforce of Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Admin-istration. Sec. 13. Research and development. Sec. 14. Information sharing system. Sec. 15. Nationwide integrated pipeline safe-ty regulatory database. Sec. 16. Underground natural gas storage fa-cilities. Sec. 17. Joint inspection and oversight. Sec. 18. Response plans. Sec. 19. High consequence areas. Sec. 20. Surface transportation security re-view. Sec. 21. Small scale liquefied natural gas fa-cilities. Sec. 22. Report on natural gas leak report-ing. Sec. 23. Comptroller General review of State policies relating to natural gas leaks. Sec. 24. Provision of response plans to ap-propriate committees of Con-gress. Sec. 25. Consultation with FERC as part of pre-filing procedures and per-mitting process for new natural gas pipeline infrastructure. Sec. 26. Maintenance of effort. Sec. 27. Aliso Canyon natural gas leak task force. (c) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 49, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly pro-vided, wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amend-ment to, or repeal of, a section or other pro-vision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) G AS AND HAZARDOUS LIQUID .—Section 60125(a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘there is authorized to be appropriated to the Depart-ment of Transportation for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015, from fees collected under section 60301, $90,679,000, of which $4,746,000 is for carrying out such section 12 and $ 36,194,000 is for making grants.’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘there are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation from fees collected under section 60301— ‘‘(A) $127,060,000 for fiscal year 2016, of which $9,325,000 shall be expended for car-rying out such section 12 and $42,515,000 shall be expended for making grants; ‘‘(B) $129,671,000 for fiscal year 2017, of which $9,418,000 shall be expended for car-rying out such section 12 and $42,941,000 shall be expended for making grants; ‘‘(C) $132,334,000 for fiscal year 2018, of which $9,512,000 shall be expended for car-rying out such section 12 and $43,371,000 shall be expended for making grants; and ‘‘(D) $135,051,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which $9,607,000 shall be expended for car-rying out such section 12 and $43,805,000 shall be expended for making grants.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘there is authorized to be appropriated for each of fis-cal years 2012 through 2015 from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the provi-sions of this chapter related to hazardous liquid and section 12 of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note; Public Law 107–355), $18,573,000, of which $2,174,000 is for carrying out such sec-tion 12 and $4,558,000 is for making grants.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘there are au-thorized to be appropriated from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of this chapter related to haz-ardous liquid and section 12 of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note; Public Law 107–355)—’’ ‘‘(A) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2016, of which $3,108,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,708,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; ‘‘(B) $20,288,000 for fiscal year 2017, of which $3,139,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,795,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; ‘‘(C) $20,694,000 for fiscal year 2018, of which $3,171,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,883,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; and ‘‘(D) $21,108,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which $3,203,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,972,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants.’’. (b) EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANTS .—Sec- tion 60125(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (c) O
NE-CALL NOTIFICATION PROGRAMS .— Section 6107 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,060,000 for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (d) S
TATE DAMAGE PREVENTION PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 60134(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (e) C
OMMUNITY PIPELINE SAFETY INFORMA -
TION GRANTS .—Section 60130(c) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (f) P
IPELINE INTEGRITY PROGRAM .—Section 12(f) of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 3. REGULATORY UPDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until a final rule has been issued for each of the requirements de-scribed under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), the Secretary of Transportation shall publish an update on a public website regarding the sta-tus of a final rule for— (1) regulations required under the Pipeline Safety Regulatory Certainty and Job Cre-ation Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–90; 125 Stat. 1904) for which no interim final rule or direct final rule has been issued; (2) any regulation relating to pipeline safe-ty required by law, other than a regulation described under paragraph (1), for which for more than 2 years after the date of the en-acting statute or statutory deadline no in-terim final rule or direct final rule has been issued; and (3) any other pipeline safety rulemaking categorized as significant. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of the work plan for the outstanding regulation; (2) an updated rulemaking timeline for the outstanding regulation; (3) current staff allocations; (4) any other information collection re-quest with substantial changes; (5) current data collection or research re-lating to the development of the rulemaking; (6) current collaborative efforts with safety experts and other stakeholders; (7) any resource constraints impacting the rulemaking process for the outstanding regu-lation; and (8) any other details associated with the development of the rulemaking that impact the progress of the rulemaking. SEC. 4. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS. 
The Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall— (1) rescind the implementation of the June 26, 2015 PHMSA interpretative letter (#14- 0178); and (2) reinstate paragraphs (4) and (5) of sec-tion 172.336(c) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, without the reference to ‘‘gas-ohol’’, as was originally intended in the March 7, 2013 final rule (PHMSA–2011–0142). 
SEC. 5. STATUTORY PREFERENCE. 
The Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall prioritize the use of Office of Pipeline Safety resources for the development of each outstanding pipeline safety statutory re-quirement, including requirements for rulemakings and information collection re-quests, for a rulemaking described in a re-port under section 3 before beginning any new rulemaking required after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the Sec-retary of Transportation certifies to Con-gress that there is a significant need to move forward with a new rulemaking. 
SEC. 6. NATURAL GAS INTEGRITY MANAGEMENT REVIEW. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the publication of a final rule regarding the safety of gas transmission pipelines (76 Fed. Reg. 53086), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the natural gas integrity management program. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the extent to which the natural gas integrity management program under section 60109(c) of title 49, United States Code, has improved the safety of nat-ural gas transmission pipelines; (2) an analysis or recommendations, in-cluding consideration of technical, oper-ational, and economic feasibility, regarding changes to the program that would prevent inadvertent releases from pipelines and miti-gate any adverse consequences of an inad-vertent release, including changes to the current definition of high consequence area, or would expand integrity management be-yond high consequence areas; (3) a review of the cost effectiveness of the legacy class location regulations; (4) an analysis of and recommendations re-garding what impact pipeline features and conditions, including the age, condition, ma-terials, and construction of a pipeline, should have on risk analysis of a particular pipeline; (5) a description of any challenges affect-ing Federal or State regulators in their over-sight of the program and how the challenges are being addressed; and (6) a description of any challenges affect-ing the natural gas industry in complying with the program, and how the challenges are being addressed. (c) D
EFINITION OF HIGH CONSEQUENCE  A
REA.—In this section and in section 7, the term ‘‘high consequence area’’ means an area described in section 60109(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.034 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1289 March 3, 2016 
SEC. 7. HAZARDOUS LIQUID INTEGRITY MANAGE-MENT REVIEW. 
(a) S AFETY STUDY .—Not later than 18 months after the publication of a final rule regarding the safety of hazardous liquid pipe-lines (80 Fed. Reg. 61610), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the hazardous liquid integrity management program. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the extent to which liq-uid pipeline integrity management in high consequence areas for operators of certain hazardous liquid pipeline facilities, as regu-lated under sections 195.450 and 195.452 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, has im-proved the safety of hazardous liquid pipe-lines; (2) recommendations, including consider-ation of technical, operational, and eco-nomic feasibility, regarding changes to the program that could prevent inadvertent re-leases from pipelines and mitigate any ad-verse consequences of an inadvertent release, including changes to the current definition of high consequence area; (3) an analysis of how surveying, assess-ment, mitigation, and monitoring activities, including real-time hazardous liquid pipeline monitoring during significant flood events and information sharing with other Federal agencies, are being used to address risks as-sociated with the dynamic and unique nature of rivers, flood plains, and lakes; (4) an analysis of and recommendations re-garding what impact pipeline features and conditions, including the age, condition, ma-terials, and construction of a pipeline, should have on risk analysis of a particular pipeline and what changes to the definition of high consequence area could be made to improve pipeline safety; and (5) a description of any challenges affect-ing Federal or State regulators in their over-sight of the program and how the challenges are being addressed. 
SEC. 8. TECHNICAL SAFETY STANDARDS COMMIT-TEES. 
Section 60115(b)(4)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘State commissioners. The Secretary shall consult with the national organization of State commissions before selecting those 2 individuals.’’ and inserting ‘‘State officials. The Secretary shall consult with national organizations representing State commis-sioners or governors when making a selec-tion under this subparagraph.’’ 
SEC. 9. INSPECTION REPORT INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of a pipeline safety in-spection, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion, or the State authority certified under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code, shall— (1) conduct a post-inspection briefing with the operator outlining concerns, and to the extent practicable, provide written prelimi-nary findings of the inspection; or (2) issue to the operator a final report, no-tice of amendment of plans or procedures, safety order, or corrective action order, or such other applicable report, notice, or order. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall submit an annual report to Congress regard-ing— (A) the actions that the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration has taken to ensure that inspections by State authorities provide effective and timely oversight; and (B) statistics relating to the timeliness of the actions described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a). (2) CESSATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—Para- graph (1) shall cease to be effective on Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
SEC. 10. PIPELINE ODORIZATION STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that assesses— (1) the feasibility of odorizing all combus-tible gas in transportation; (2) the impacts of the odorization of all combustible gas in transportation on manu-facturers, agriculture, and other end users; and (3) the relative benefits and costs associ-ated with odorizing all combustible gas in transportation, including impacts on health and safety, compared to using other methods to mitigate pipeline leaks. 
SEC. 11. IMPROVING DAMAGE PREVENTION TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation, in consultation with stakeholders, shall conduct a study on improving existing damage prevention programs through tech-nological improvements in location, map-ping, excavation, and communications prac-tices to prevent accidental excavation dam-age to a pipe or its coating, including consid-erations of technical, operational, and eco-nomic feasibility and existing damage pre-vention programs. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an identification of any methods that could improve existing damage prevention programs through location and mapping practices or technologies in an effort to re-duce unintended releases caused by exca-vation; (2) an analysis of how increased use of GPS digital mapping technologies, predictive ana-lytic tools, public awareness initiatives in-cluding one-call initiatives, the use of mo-bile devices, and other advanced tech-nologies could supplement existing one-call notification and damage prevention pro-grams to reduce the frequency and severity of incidents caused by excavation damage; (3) an identification of any methods that could improve excavation practices or tech-nologies in an effort to reduce pipeline dam-ages; (4) an analysis of the feasibility of a na-tional data repository for pipeline exca-vation accident data that creates standard-ized data models for storing and sharing pipeline accident information; and (5) an identification of opportunities for stakeholder engagement in preventing exca-vation damage. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives regarding the study under this section, including recommendations, that include the consideration of technical, operational, and economic feasibility, on how to incorporate, into existing damage prevention programs, technological improvements and practices that may help prevent accidental excavation damage. 
SEC. 12. WORKFORCE OF PIPELINE AND HAZ-ARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration shall sub-mit to Congress a review of Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration staff resource management, including geo-graphic allocation plans, hiring challenges, and expected retirement rates and strate-gies. The review shall include recommenda-tions to address hiring challenges, training needs, and any other identified staff resource challenges. (b) CRITICAL HIRING NEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date on which the review is submitted under sub-section (a), the Administrator may certify to Congress, not less frequently than annually, that a severe shortage of qualified can-didates or a critical hiring need exists for a position or group of positions in the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administra-tion. (2) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, the Administrator, after making a certification under paragraph (1), may hire a candidate for the position or can-didates for the group of positions indicated in the certification, as applicable. (3) T
ERMINATIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The direct hire authority provided under para-graph (2) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
SEC. 13. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In developing a research and development program plan under para-graph (3) of section 12(d) of the Pipeline Safe-ty Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note), the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, shall— (1) detail compliance with the consultation requirement under paragraph (2) of such sec-tion; (2) provide opportunities for joint research ventures with non-Federal entities, when-ever practicable and appropriate, to leverage limited Federal research resources; and (3) permit collaborative research and de-velopment projects with appropriate non- Federal organizations. (b) C
OLLABORATIVE SAFETY RESEARCH RE-
PORT .—Section 60124(a)(6) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) research activities in collaboration with non-Federal entities, including the in-tended improvements to safety technology, inspection technology, operator response time, and emergency responder incident re-sponse time.’’. 
SEC. 14. INFORMATION SHARING SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall con-vene a working group to consider the devel-opment of a voluntary no-fault information sharing system to encourage collaborative efforts to improve inspection information feedback and information sharing with the purpose of improving natural gas trans-mission and hazardous liquid pipeline integ-rity risk analysis. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group de-scribed in subsection (a) shall include rep-resentatives from— (1) the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration; (2) industry stakeholders, including opera-tors of pipeline facilities, inspection tech-nology vendors, and pipeline inspection orga-nizations; (3) safety advocacy groups; (4) research institutions; (5) State public utility commissions or State officials responsible for pipeline safety oversight; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.034 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1290 March 3, 2016 
(6) State pipeline safety inspectors; and (7) labor representatives. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The working group described in subsection (a) shall consider and provide recommendations, if applicable, to the Secretary on— (1) the need for and the identification of a system to ensure that dig verification data is shared with inline inspection operators to the extent consistent with the need to main-tain proprietary and security sensitive data in a confidential manner to improve pipeline safety and inspection technology; (2) ways to encourage the exchange of pipe-line inspection information and the develop-ment of advanced pipeline inspection tech-nologies and enhanced risk analysis; (3) opportunities to share data, including dig verification data between operators of pipeline facilities and in-line inspector ven-dors to expand knowledge of the advantages and disadvantages of the different types of in-line inspection technology and meth-odologies; (4) options to create a secure system that protects proprietary data while encouraging the exchange of pipeline inspection informa-tion and the development of advanced pipe-line inspection technologies and enhanced risk analysis; and (5) regulatory, funding, and legal barriers to sharing the information described in para-graphs (1) through (4). (d) FACA.—The working group shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (e) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pub-lish the recommendations provided under subsection (c) on a publicly available website. 
SEC. 15. NATIONWIDE INTEGRATED PIPELINE SAFETY REGULATORY DATABASE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to Congress on the feasibility of a national integrated pipeline safety regu-latory inspection database to improve com-munication and collaboration between the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration and State pipeline regulators. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of any efforts currently underway to test a secure information-shar-ing system for the purpose described in sub-section (a); (2) a description of any progress in estab-lishing common standards for maintaining, collecting, and presenting pipeline safety regulatory inspection data, and a method-ology for the sharing of the data; (3) a description of any existing inadequa-cies or gaps in State and Federal inspection, enforcement, geospatial, or other pipeline safety regulatory inspection data; (4) a description of the potential safety benefits of a national integrated pipeline database; and (5) recommendations for how to implement a secure information-sharing system that protects proprietary and security sensitive information and data for the purpose de-scribed in subsection (a). (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with stakeholders, including each State authority operating under a certifi-cation to regulate intrastate pipelines under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 16. UNDERGROUND NATURAL GAS STORAGE FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—Section 60101(a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (21)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (24), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (25), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(27) ‘underground natural gas storage fa-cility’ means a gas pipeline facility that stores gas in an underground facility, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) a depleted hydrocarbon reservoir; ‘‘(B) an aquifer reservoir; or ‘‘(C) a solution mined salt cavern res-ervoir.’’. (b) STANDARDS FOR UNDERGROUND NATURAL  G
ASSTORAGE FACILITIES .—Chapter 601 is amended by inserting after section 60103 the following: ‘‘§ 60103A. Standards for underground nat-ural gas storage facilities ‘‘(a) M
INIMUM UNIFORM SAFETY STAND -
ARDS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the SAFE PIPES Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consulta-tion with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall issue minimum uniform safe-ty standards, incorporating, to the extent practicable, consensus standards for the op-eration, environmental protection, and in-tegrity management of underground natural gas storage facilities. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing uni-form safety standards under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) consider the economic impacts of the regulations on individual gas customers to the extent practicable; ‘‘(2) ensure that the regulations do not have a significant economic impact on end users to the extent practicable; ‘‘(3) consider existing consensus standards; and ‘‘(4) consider the recommendations of the Aliso Canyon Task Force under section 27 of the Securing America’s Future Energy: Pro-tecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act. ‘‘(c) U
SERFEES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A fee shall be imposed on an entity operating an underground natural gas storage facility to which this section ap-plies. Any such fee imposed shall be col-lected before the end of the fiscal year to which it applies. ‘‘(2) M
EANS OF COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall prescribe procedures to collect fees under this subsection. The Secretary may use a department, agency, or instrumen-tality of the United States Government or of a State or local government to collect the fee and may reimburse the department, agency, or instrumentality a reasonable amount for its services. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FEES .— ‘‘(A) A
CCOUNT .—There is established an un-derground natural gas storage facility safety account in the Pipeline Safety Fund estab-lished under section 60301, in the Treasury of the United States. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF FEES .—A fee collected under this subsection— ‘‘(i) shall be deposited in the underground natural gas storage facility safety account; and ‘‘(ii) if the fee is related to an underground natural gas storage facility, may be used only for an activity related to underground natural gas storage safety under this sec-tion. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Amounts collected under this subsection shall be made available only to the extent provided in advance in an ap-propriation law for an activity related to un-derground natural gas storage safety. ‘‘(d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect any Federal regu-lation relating to gas pipeline facilities that is in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of the SAFE PIPES Act. ‘‘(2) LIMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) to prescribe the location of an under-ground natural gas storage facility; or ‘‘(B) to require the Secretary’s permission to construct a facility referred to in subpara-graph (A).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 601 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 60103 the following: ‘‘60103A. Standards for underground natural gas storage facilities.’’. 
SEC. 17. JOINT INSPECTION AND OVERSIGHT. 
To ensure the safety of pipeline transpor-tation, the Secretary of Transportation shall coordinate with States to ensure safety through the following: (1) At the request of a State authority, the Secretary shall allow for a certified state au-thority under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code, to participate in the inspection of an interstate pipeline facility. (2) Where appropriate, may provide tem-porary authority for a certified State au-thority under that section to participate in oversight of interstate pipeline safety trans-portation to ensure proper safety oversight and prevent an adverse impact on public safety. 
SEC. 18. RESPONSE PLANS. 
In preparing or reviewing a response plan under part 194 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, the Administrator of the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration and an operator shall each address, to the maximum extent practicable, the im-pact of a worse case discharge of oil, or the substantial threat of such a discharge, into or on any navigable waters or adjoining shorelines that may be covered in whole or in part by ice. 
SEC. 19. HIGH CONSEQUENCE AREAS. 
The Secretary of Transportation shall re-vise section 195.6(b) of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations to explicitly state that the Great Lakes are a USA ecological resource (as defined in section 195.6(b) of that title) for purposes of determining whether a pipe-line is in a high consequence area (as defined in section 195.450 of that title). 
SEC. 20. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY REVIEW. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit a re-port to Congress on the staffing, resource al-location, oversight strategy, and manage-ment of the Transportation Security Admin-istration’s pipeline security program and other surface transportation programs. The report shall include information on the co-ordination between the Transportation Secu-rity Administration, other Federal stake-holders, and industry. 
SEC. 21. SMALL SCALE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—Section 60101(a), as amended by section 16, is further amended by inserting after paragraph (25) the following: ‘‘(26) ‘small scale liquefied natural gas fa-cility’ means a permanent intrastate lique-fied natural gas facility (other than a peak shaving facility) that produces liquefied nat-ural gas for— ‘‘(A) use as a fuel in the United States; or ‘‘(B) transportation in the United States by a means other than a pipeline facility; and’’. (b) S
ITING STANDARDS FOR PERMANENT  S
MALL SCALE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GASFA-
CILITIES .—Section 60103(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) L
OCATION STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall prescribe minimum safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.034 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1291 March 3, 2016 
standards for deciding on the permanent lo-cation of a new liquefied natural gas pipeline facility or small scale liquefied natural gas facility. ‘‘(2) L
IQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FACILITIES .—In prescribing a minimum safety standard for deciding on the permanent location of a new liquefied natural gas facility, the Secretary of Transportation shall consider— ‘‘(A) the kind and use of the facility; ‘‘(B) the existing and projected population and demographic characteristics of the loca-tion; ‘‘(C) the existing and proposed land uses near the location; ‘‘(D) the natural physical aspects of the lo-cation; ‘‘(E) medical, law enforcement, and fire prevention capabilities near the location that can cope with a risk caused by the facil-ity; and ‘‘(F) the need to encourage remote siting. ‘‘(3) S
MALL SCALE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS  
FACILITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the SAFE PIPES Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall prescribe minimum safety standards for permanent small scale liquefied natural gas facilities. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In prescribing min-imum safety standards under this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(i) the value of establishing risk-based ap-proaches; ‘‘(ii) the benefit of incorporating industry standards and best practices; ‘‘(iii) the need to encourage the use of best available technology; and ‘‘(iv) the factors prescribed in paragraph (2), as appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 22. REPORT ON NATURAL GAS LEAK RE-PORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a report on the metrics provided to the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration and other Federal and State agencies related to lost and unaccounted for natural gas from distribution pipelines and systems. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An examination of different reporting requirements or standards for lost and unac-counted for natural gas to different agencies, the reasons for any such discrepancies, and recommendations for harmonizing and im-proving the accuracy of reporting. (2) An analysis of whether separate or al-ternative reporting could better measure the amounts and identify the location of lost and unaccounted for natural gas from natural gas distribution systems. (3) A description of potential safety issues associated with natural gas that is lost and unaccounted for from natural gas distribu-tion systems. (4) An assessment of whether alternate re-porting and measures will resolve any safety issues identified under paragraph (3), includ-ing an analysis of the potential impact, in-cluding potential savings, on rate payers and end users of natural gas products of such re-porting and measures. (c) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— If the Administrator determines that alter-nate reporting structures or recommenda-tions included in the report required under subsection (a) would significantly improve the reporting and measurement of lost and unaccounted for gas or safety of systems, the Administrator shall, not later than 180 days after making such determination, issue regu-lations, as the Administrator determines ap-propriate, to implement the recommenda-tions. SEC. 23. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF STATE POLICIES RELATING TO NAT-URAL GAS LEAKS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a State-by- State review of State-level policies that— (1) encourage the repair and replacement of leaking natural gas distribution pipelines or systems that pose a safety threat, such as timelines to repair leaks and limits on cost recovery from ratepayers; and (2) that may create barriers for entities to conduct work to repair and replace leaking natural gas pipelines or distribution sys-tems. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress and the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration a report summa-rizing the findings of the review conducted under subsection (a) and making rec-ommendations on Federal or State policies or best practices that may improve safety by accelerating the repair and replacement of natural gas pipelines or systems that are leaking or releasing natural gas, including policies within the jurisdiction of the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration. The report shall consider the po-tential impact, including potential savings, of the implementation of its recommenda-tions on ratepayers or end users of the nat-ural gas pipeline system. (c) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— If the Comptroller General makes rec-ommendations in the report submitted under subsection (a) on Federal or State policies or best practices within the jurisdiction of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, the Administrator shall, not later than 90 days after such submission, re-view such recommendations and report to Congress on the feasibility of implementing such recommendations. If the Administrator determines that the recommendations would significantly improve pipeline safety, the Administrator shall, not later than 180 days after making such determination and in co-ordination with the heads of other relevant agencies as appropriate, issue regulations, as the Administrator determines appropriate, to implement the recommendations. 
SEC. 24. PROVISION OF RESPONSE PLANS TO AP-PROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-GRESS. 
(a) P ROVISION OF PLANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a)(2) of section 60138 of title 49, United States Code, and subject to paragraph (2), upon the request of the Chairperson or Ranking Member of an appropriate com-mittee of Congress, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration shall provide the Chairperson or Ranking Member, as applicable, a unique-ly identifiable, unredacted copy of an oil re-sponse plan under that section. (2) P
ROTECTION OF INFORMATION .—Any in- formation subject to exclusion under section 60138(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, that is provided under paragraph (1) shall be afforded appropriate protection against un-authorized public disclosure, consistent with the rules and practices related to the protec-tion of confidential information received by Congress. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the provision of any other report, data, or other information to Congress, or its han-dling thereof. SEC. 25. CONSULTATION WITH FERC AS PART OF PRE-FILING PROCEDURES AND PER-MITTING PROCESS FOR NEW NAT-URAL GAS PIPELINE INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
Where appropriate, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration shall consult with the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission during its pre-filing procedures and permitting process for new natural gas pipeline infra-structure to ensure the protection of people and the environment from the potential risks of hazardous materials transportation by pipeline. 
SEC. 26. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
Section 60107(b) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) P
AYMENTS .—After notifying and con-sulting with a State authority, the Sec-retary may withhold any part of a payment when the Secretary decides that the author-ity is not carrying out satisfactorily a safety program or not acting satisfactorily as an agent. The Secretary may pay an authority under this section only when the authority ensures the Secretary that it will provide the remaining costs of a safety program, ex-cept when the Secretary waives this require-ment.’’. 
SEC. 27. ALISO CANYON NATURAL GAS LEAK TASK FORCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE .—Not later than 15 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall lead and establish an Aliso Canyon Task Force (referred to in this section as the ‘‘task force’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP OF TASKFORCE .—In addi- tion to the Secretary, the task force shall be composed of— (1) 1 representative from the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration; (2) 1 representative from the Department of Health and Human Services; (3) 1 representative from the Environ-mental Protection Agency; (4) 1 representative from the Department of the Interior; (5) 1 representative from the Department of Commerce; and (6) 1 representative from the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the task force shall submit a final report that contains the information described in para-graph (2) to— (A) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; (E) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (F) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; (H) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; (I) the President; and (J) relevant Federal and State agencies. (2) I
NFORMATION INCLUDED .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum— (A) an analysis and conclusion of the cause and contributing factors of the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak; (B) an analysis of measures taken to stop the natural gas leak, with an immediate focus on other, more effective measures that could be taken; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.034 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1292 March 3, 2016 
(C) an assessment of the impact of the nat-ural gas leak on health, safety, the environ-ment, and the economy of the residents and property surrounding Aliso Canyon, on wholesale and retail electricity prices, and on the reliability of the bulk-power system; (D) an analysis of how Federal, State, and local agencies responded to the natural gas leak; (E) in order to lessen the negative impacts of natural gas leaks from underground stor-age facilities, recommendations on how to improve— (i) the response to a future leak; and (ii) coordination between all appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in the re-sponse to the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak and future natural gas leaks; (F) an analysis of the potential for a simi-lar natural gas leak to occur at other under-ground natural gas storage facilities in the United States; (G) recommendations on how to prevent any future natural gas leaks; (H) recommendations on whether to con-tinue operations at Aliso Canyon and other underground storage facilities in close prox-imity to residential populations based on an assessment of the risk of a future natural gas leak; and (I) a recommendation on information that is not currently collected but that would be in the public interest to collect and dis-tribute to agencies and institutions for the continued study and monitoring of natural gas storage infrastructure in the United States. (3) P
UBLICATION .—The final report under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public in an electronically accessible format. (4) F
INDINGS .—If, before the final report is submitted under paragraph (1), the task force finds methods to solve the natural gas leak at Aliso Canyon, finds methods to bet-ter protect the affected communities, or finds methods to help prevent other leaks, the task force shall immediately submit such findings to the entities described in subparagraphs (A) through (J) of paragraph (1). (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 9:45 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion: Lessons from the Past.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Path Forward in Libya.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Dogs of DHS: How Canine Programs Contribute to Home-land Security.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room 428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impacts of Federal Fisheries Management on Small Businesses.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room 345 of the Cannon House Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SECURITIES , INSURANCE , AND 
INVESTMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Secu-rities, Insurance, and Investment be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2016, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Reforms To Improve Equity Market Structure.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
SAFE PIPES ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 370, S. 2276. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2276) to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Energy: Pro-tecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and En-hancing Safety Act’’ or the ‘‘SAFE PIPES Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 49, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a sec-tion or other provision of title 49, United States Code. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; references; table of contents. Sec. 2. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 3. Regulatory updates. Sec. 4. Hazardous materials identification num-bers. Sec. 5. Statutory preference. Sec. 6. Natural gas integrity management re-view. Sec. 7. Hazardous liquid integrity management review. Sec. 8. Technical safety standards committees. Sec. 9. Inspection report information. Sec. 10. Pipeline odorization study. Sec. 11. Improving damage prevention tech-nology. Sec. 12. Workforce of Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. Sec. 13. Research and development. Sec. 14. Information sharing system. Sec. 15. Nationwide integrated pipeline safety regulatory database. Sec. 16. Underground natural gas storage facili-ties. Sec. 17. Joint inspection and oversight. Sec. 18. Response plans. Sec. 19. High consequence areas. Sec. 20. Surface transportation security review. Sec. 21. Small scale liquefied natural gas facili-ties. Sec. 22. Report on natural gas leak reporting. Sec. 23. Comptroller General review of State policies relating to natural gas leaks. Sec. 24. Provision of pipeline oil spill response plans to congressional committees. Sec. 25. Consultation with FERC as part of pre- filing procedures and permitting process for new natural gas pipe-line infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.034 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1293 March 3, 2016 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) G AS AND HAZARDOUS LIQUID .—Section 60125(a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘there is au-thorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015, from fees collected under section 60301, $90,679,000, of which $4,746,000 is for car-rying out such section 12 and $ 36,194,000 is for making grants.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘there are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation from fees col-lected under section 60301— ‘‘(A) $127,060,000 for fiscal year 2016, of which $9,325,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $42,515,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; ‘‘(B) $129,671,000 for fiscal year 2017, of which $9,418,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $42,941,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; ‘‘(C) $132,334,000 for fiscal year 2018, of which $9,512,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $43,371,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; and ‘‘(D) $135,051,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which $9,607,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $43,805,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘there is au-thorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015 from the Oil Spill Li-ability Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of this chapter related to hazardous liquid and sec-tion 12 of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note; Public Law 107– 355), $18,573,000, of which $2,174,000 is for car-rying out such section 12 and $4,558,000 is for making grants.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘there are authorized to be appropriated from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of this chapter related to haz-ardous liquid and section 12 of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note; Public Law 107–355)—’’ ‘‘(A) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2016, of which $3,108,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,708,000 shall be expended for making grants; ‘‘(B) $20,288,000 for fiscal year 2017, of which $3,139,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,795,000 shall be expended for making grants; ‘‘(C) $20,694,000 for fiscal year 2018, of which $3,171,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,883,000 shall be expended for making grants; and ‘‘(D) $21,108,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which $3,203,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,972,000 shall be expended for making grants.’’. (b) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE GRANTS .—Section 60125(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (c) O
NE-CALL NOTIFICATION PROGRAMS .—Sec- tion 6107 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,060,000 for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (d) S
TATE DAMAGE PREVENTION PROGRAMS .— Section 60134(i) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (e) C
OMMUNITY PIPELINE SAFETY INFORMA -
TION GRANTS .—Section 60130(c) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (f) P
IPELINE INTEGRITY PROGRAM .—Section 12(f) of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 3. REGULATORY UPDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until a final rule has been issued for each of the requirements de-scribed under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives regarding the sta-tus of a final rule for— (1) regulations required under the Pipeline Safety Regulatory Certainty and Job Creation Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–90; 125 Stat. 1904) for which no interim final rule or direct final rule has been issued; (2) any regulation relating to pipeline safety required by law, other than a regulation de-scribed under paragraph (1), for which for more than 2 years after the date of the enacting stat-ute or statutory deadline no interim final rule or direct final rule has been issued; and (3) any other pipeline safety rulemaking cat-egorized as significant. (b) CONTENTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the work plan for the out-standing regulation; (2) an updated rulemaking timeline for the outstanding regulation; (3) current staff allocations; (4) any other information collection request with substantial changes; (5) current data collection or research relating to the development of the rulemaking; (6) current collaborative efforts with safety experts and other stakeholders; (7) any resource constraints impacting the rulemaking process for the outstanding regula-tion; and (8) any other details associated with the de-velopment of the rulemaking that impact the progress of the rulemaking. 
SEC. 4. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS. 
The Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall— (1) rescind the implementation of the June 26, 2015 PHMSA interpretative letter (#14-0178); and (2) reinstate paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 172.336(c) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, without the reference to ‘‘gasohol’’, as was originally intended in the March 7, 2013 final rule (PHMSA–2011–0142). 
SEC. 5. STATUTORY PREFERENCE. 
The Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall prioritize the use of Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration resources for the completion of each outstanding statutory re-quirement, including requirements for rulemakings and information collection re-quests, for a rulemaking described in a report under section 3 before beginning any new rule-making required after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the Secretary of Transpor-tation certifies to Congress that there is a sig-nificant need to move forward with a new rule-making. 
SEC. 6. NATURAL GAS INTEGRITY MANAGEMENT REVIEW. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the publication of a final rule regarding the safety of gas transmission pipelines (76 Fed. Reg. 53086), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the natural gas integrity management program. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the extent to which the nat-ural gas integrity management program under section 60109(c) of title 49, United States Code, has improved the safety of natural gas trans-mission pipelines; (2) an analysis or recommendations, including consideration of technical, operational, and eco-nomic feasibility, regarding changes to the pro-gram that would prevent inadvertent releases from pipelines and mitigate any adverse con-sequences of an inadvertent release, including changes to the current definition of high con-sequence area, or would expand integrity man-agement beyond high consequence areas; (3) a review of the cost effectiveness of the leg-acy class location regulations; (4) an analysis of and recommendations re-garding what impact pipeline features and con-ditions, including the age, condition, materials, and construction of a pipeline, should have on risk analysis of a particular pipeline; (5) a description of any challenges affecting Federal or State regulators in their oversight of the program and how the challenges are being addressed; and (6) a description of any challenges affecting the natural gas industry in complying with the program, and how the challenges are being ad-dressed. (c) DEFINITION OF HIGHCONSEQUENCE AREA.— In this section and in section 7, the term ‘‘high consequence area’’ means an area described in section 60109(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 7. HAZARDOUS LIQUID INTEGRITY MANAGE-MENT REVIEW. 
(a) S AFETY STUDY .—Not later than 18 months after the publication of a final rule regarding the safety of hazardous liquid pipelines (80 Fed. Reg. 61610), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the hazardous liquid integrity man-agement program. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the extent to which liquid pipeline integrity management in high con-sequence areas for operators of certain haz-ardous liquid pipeline facilities, as regulated under sections 195.450 and 195.452 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, has improved the safety of hazardous liquid pipelines; (2) recommendations, including consideration of technical, operational, and economic feasi-bility, regarding changes to the program that could prevent inadvertent releases from pipe-lines and mitigate any adverse consequences of an inadvertent release, including changes to the current definition of high consequence area; (3) an analysis of how surveying, assessment, mitigation, and monitoring activities, including real-time hazardous liquid pipeline monitoring during significant flood events and information sharing with other Federal agencies, are being used to address risks associated with the dy-namic and unique nature of rivers, flood plains, and lakes; (4) an analysis of and recommendations re-garding what impact pipeline features and con-ditions, including the age, condition, materials, and construction of a pipeline, should have on risk analysis of a particular pipeline and what changes to the definition of high consequence area could be made to improve pipeline safety; and (5) a description of any challenges affecting Federal or State regulators in their oversight of the program and how the challenges are being addressed. 
SEC. 8. TECHNICAL SAFETY STANDARDS COMMIT-TEES. 
Section 60115(b)(4)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘State commissioners. The Secretary shall con-sult with the national organization of State commissions before selecting those 2 individ-uals.’’ and inserting ‘‘State officials. The Sec-retary shall consult with national organizations representing State commissioners or governors when making a selection under this subpara-graph.’’ 
SEC. 9. INSPECTION REPORT INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of a pipeline safety inspection, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration, or the State authority certified under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code, shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.036 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1294 March 3, 2016 
(1) conduct a post-inspection briefing with the operator outlining concerns, and to the extent practicable, provide written preliminary find-ings of the inspection; or (2) issue to the operator a final report, notice of amendment of plans or procedures, safety order, or corrective action order, or such other applicable report, notice, or order. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall sub-mit an annual report to Congress regarding— (A) the actions that the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration has taken to ensure that inspections by State au-thorities provide effective and timely oversight; and (B) statistics relating to the timeliness of the actions described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a). (2) C
ESSATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—Paragraph (1) shall cease to be effective on September 30, 2019. 
SEC. 10. PIPELINE ODORIZATION STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that assesses— (1) the feasibility of odorizing all combustible gas in transportation; (2) the impacts of the odorization of all com-bustible gas in transportation on manufacturers, agriculture, and other end users; and (3) the relative benefits and costs associated with odorizing all combustible gas in transpor-tation compared to using other methods to miti-gate pipeline leaks. 
SEC. 11. IMPROVING DAMAGE PREVENTION TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with stakeholders, shall conduct a study on improving existing damage preven-tion programs through technological improve-ments in location, mapping, excavation, and communications practices to prevent accidental excavation damage to a pipe or its coating, in-cluding considerations of technical, operational, and economic feasibility and existing damage prevention programs. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an identification of any methods that could improve existing damage prevention pro-grams through location and mapping practices or technologies in an effort to reduce unin-tended releases caused by excavation; (2) an analysis of how increased use of GPS digital mapping technologies, predictive analytic tools, public awareness initiatives including one-call initiatives, the use of mobile devices, and other advanced technologies could supple-ment existing one-call notification and damage prevention programs to reduce the frequency and severity of incidents caused by excavation damage; (3) an identification of any methods that could improve excavation practices or tech-nologies in an effort to reduce pipeline damages; (4) an analysis of the feasibility of a national data repository for pipeline excavation accident data that creates standardized data models for storing and sharing pipeline accident informa-tion; and (5) an identification of opportunities for stakeholder engagement in preventing exca-vation damage. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives regarding the study under this section, including recommendations, that include the consideration of technical, oper-ational, and economic feasibility, on how to in-corporate, into existing damage prevention pro-grams, technological improvements and prac-tices that may help prevent accidental exca-vation damage. SEC. 12. WORKFORCE OF PIPELINE AND HAZ-ARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a review of Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration staff resource manage-ment, including geographic allocation plans, hiring challenges, and expected retirement rates and strategies. The review shall include rec-ommendations to address hiring challenges, training needs, and any other identified staff resource challenges. (b) C
RITICAL HIRING NEEDS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date on which the review is submitted under subsection (a), the Administrator may certify to Congress, not less frequently than annually, that a severe shortage of qualified candidates or a critical hiring need exists for a position or group of po-sitions in the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration. (2) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, the Administrator, after making a certification under paragraph (1), may hire a candidate for the position or candidates for the group of positions, as applicable. (3) T
ERMINATIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The di- rect hire authority provided under paragraph (2) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
SEC. 13. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In developing a research and development program plan under para-graph (3) of section 12(d) of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note), the Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Material Safety Administration, in con-sultation with the Assistant Secretary for Re-search and Technology, shall— (1) detail compliance with the consultation re-quirement under paragraph (2) of such section; (2) provide opportunities for joint research ventures with non-Federal entities, whenever practicable and appropriate, to leverage limited Federal research resources; and (3) permit collaborative research and develop-ment projects with appropriate non-Federal or-ganizations. (b) C
OLLABORATIVE SAFETY RESEARCH RE-
PORT.—Section 60124(a)(6) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) research activities in collaboration with non-Federal entities, including the intended im-provements to safety technology, inspection technology, operator response time, and emer-gency responder incident response time.’’. 
SEC. 14. INFORMATION SHARING SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall convene a working group to consider the development of a voluntary no-fault information sharing system to encourage collaborative efforts to improve in-spection information feedback and information sharing with the purpose of improving natural gas transmission and hazardous liquid pipeline integrity risk analysis. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group de-scribed in subsection (a) shall include represent-atives from— (1) the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration; (2) industry stakeholders, including operators of pipeline facilities, inspection technology ven-dors, and pipeline inspection organizations; (3) safety advocacy groups; (4) research institutions; (5) State public utility commissions or State officials responsible for pipeline safety over-sight; (6) State pipeline safety inspectors; and (7) labor representatives. (c) CONSIDERATIONS .—The working group de-scribed in subsection (a) shall consider and pro-vide recommendations, if applicable, to the Sec-retary on— (1) the need for and the identification of a system to ensure that dig verification data is shared with inline inspection operators to the extent consistent with the need to maintain pro-prietary and security sensitive data in a con-fidential manner to improve pipeline safety and inspection technology; (2) ways to encourage the exchange of pipe-line inspection information and the development of advanced pipeline inspection technologies and enhanced risk analysis; (3) opportunities to share data, including dig verification data between operators of pipeline facilities and in-line inspector vendors to ex-pand knowledge of the advantages and dis-advantages of the different types of in-line in-spection technology and methodologies; (4) options to create a secure system that pro-tects proprietary data while encouraging the ex-change of pipeline inspection information and the development of advanced pipeline inspection technologies and enhanced risk analysis; and (5) regulatory, funding, and legal barriers to sharing the information described in paragraphs (1) through (4). (d) FACA.—The working group shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (e) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall publish the recommendations provided under subsection (c) on a publicly available website. 
SEC. 15. NATIONWIDE INTEGRATED PIPELINE SAFETY REGULATORY DATABASE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall submit a report to Congress on the feasibility of a national inte-grated pipeline safety regulatory inspection database to improve communication and col-laboration between the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and State pipe-line regulators. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of any efforts currently un-derway to test a secure information-sharing sys-tem for the purpose described in subsection (a); (2) a description of any progress in estab-lishing common standards for maintaining, col-lecting, and presenting pipeline safety regu-latory inspection data, and a methodology for the sharing of the data; (3) a description of any existing inadequacies or gaps in State and Federal inspection, en-forcement, geospatial, or other pipeline safety regulatory inspection data; (4) a description of the potential safety bene-fits of a national integrated pipeline database; and (5) recommendations for how to implement a secure information-sharing system that protects proprietary and security sensitive information and data for the purpose described in subsection (a). (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with stakeholders, including each State author-ity operating under a certification to regulate intrastate pipelines under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 16. UNDERGROUND NATURAL GAS STORAGE FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—Section 60101(a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (21)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.036 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1295 March 3, 2016 
(2) in paragraph (24), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (25), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(27) ‘underground natural gas storage facil-ity’ means a gas pipeline facility that stores gas in an underground facility, including— ‘‘(A) a depleted hydrocarbon reservoir; ‘‘(B) an aquifer reservoir; or ‘‘(C) a solution mined salt cavern reservoir.’’. (b) S
TANDARDS FOR UNDERGROUND NATURAL  G
ASSTORAGE FACILITIES .—Chapter 601 is amended by inserting after section 60103 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 60103A. Standards for underground nat-ural gas storage facilities ‘‘(a) M
INIMUM UNIFORM SAFETY STANDARDS .— Not later than 2 years after the date of the en-actment of the SAFE PIPES Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall issue minimum uniform safety standards, incor-porating, to the extent practicable, consensus standards for the operation, environmental pro-tection, and integrity management of under-ground natural gas storage facilities. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing uniform safety standards under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) consider the economic impacts of the reg-ulations on individual gas customers to the ex-tent practicable; ‘‘(2) ensure that the regulations do not have a significant economic impact on end users to the extent practicable; and ‘‘(3) consider existing consensus standards. ‘‘(c) U
SERFEES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A fee shall be imposed on an entity operating an underground natural gas storage facility to which this section applies. Any such fee imposed shall be collected before the end of the fiscal year to which it applies. ‘‘(2) M
EANS OF COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall prescribe procedures to collect fees under this subsection. The Secretary may use a depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government or of a State or local govern-ment to collect the fee and may reimburse the department, agency, or instrumentality a rea-sonable amount for its services. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FEES .— ‘‘(A) A
CCOUNT .—There is established an un-derground natural gas storage facility safety ac-count in the Pipeline Safety Fund established under section 60301, in the Treasury of the United States. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF FEES .—A fee collected under this subsection— ‘‘(i) shall be deposited in the underground natural gas storage facility safety account; and ‘‘(ii) if the fee is related to an underground natural gas storage facility, may be used only for an activity related to underground natural gas storage safety under this section. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Amounts collected under this subsection shall be made available only to the extent provided in advance in an appropria-tion law for an activity related to underground natural gas storage safety. ‘‘(d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect any Federal regulation re-lating to gas pipeline facilities that is in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the SAFE PIPES Act. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the Secretary— ‘‘(A) to prescribe the location of an under-ground natural gas storage facility; or ‘‘(B) to require the Secretary’s permission to construct a facility referred to in subparagraph (A).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 601 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 60103 the fol-lowing: ‘‘60103A. Standards for underground natural gas storage facilities.’’. SEC. 17. JOINT INSPECTION AND OVERSIGHT. 
To ensure the safety of pipeline transpor-tation, the Secretary of Transportation shall co-ordinate with States to ensure safety through the following: (1) At the request of a State authority, the Secretary shall allow for a certified state au-thority under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code, to participate in the inspection of an interstate pipeline facility. (2) Where appropriate, may provide temporary authority for a certified State authority under that section to participate in oversight of inter-state pipeline safety transportation to ensure proper safety oversight and prevent an adverse impact on public safety. 
SEC. 18. RESPONSE PLANS. 
In preparing or reviewing a response plan under part 194 of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and an operator shall each consider, to the maximum extent practicable, the impact of a worse case discharge of oil, or the substantial threat of such a discharge, into or on any navigable waters or adjoining shorelines that may be cov-ered in whole or in part by ice. 
SEC. 19. HIGH CONSEQUENCE AREAS. 
The Secretary of Transportation shall revise section 195.6(b) of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations to explicitly state that the Great Lakes are a USA ecological resource (as defined in sec-tion 195.6(b) of that title) for purposes of deter-mining whether a pipeline is in a high con-sequence area (as defined in section 195.450 of that title). 
SEC. 20. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY REVIEW. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Con-gress on the staffing, resource allocation, over-sight strategy, and management of the Trans-portation Security Administration’s pipeline se-curity program and other surface transportation programs. The report shall include information on the coordination between the Transportation Security Administration, other Federal stake-holders, and industry. 
SEC. 21. SMALL SCALE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—Section 60101(a), as amended by section 16, is further amended by inserting after paragraph (25) the following: ‘‘(26) ‘small scale liquefied natural gas facil-ity’ means an intrastate liquefied natural gas facility (other than a peak shaving facility) that produces liquefied natural gas for— ‘‘(A) use as a fuel in the United States; or ‘‘(B) transportation in the United States by a means other than a pipeline facility; and’’. (b) S
ITING STANDARDS FOR SMALL SCALE LIQ-
UEFIED NATURAL GASFACILITIES .—Section 60103(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) L
OCATION STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation shall prescribe minimum safety standards for deciding on the location of a new liquefied natural gas pipeline facility or small scale lique-fied natural gas facility. ‘‘(2) L
IQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FACILITIES .—In prescribing a minimum safety standard for de-ciding on the location of a new liquefied natural gas facility, the Secretary of Transportation shall consider— ‘‘(A) the kind and use of the facility; ‘‘(B) the existing and projected population and demographic characteristics of the location; ‘‘(C) the existing and proposed land uses near the location; ‘‘(D) the natural physical aspects of the loca-tion; ‘‘(E) medical, law enforcement, and fire pre-vention capabilities near the location that can cope with a risk caused by the facility; and ‘‘(F) the need to encourage remote siting. ‘‘(3) SMALL SCALE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FA -
CILITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the SAFE PIPES Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall prescribe minimum safety standards for small scale liquefied natural gas facilities. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In prescribing min-imum safety standards under this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(i) the value of establishing risk-based ap-proaches; ‘‘(ii) the benefit of incorporating industry standards and best practices; ‘‘(iii) the need to encourage the use of best available technology; and ‘‘(iv) the factors prescribed in paragraph (2), as appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 22. REPORT ON NATURAL GAS LEAK RE-PORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Ma-terials Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a report on the metrics provided to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration and other Federal and State agen-cies related to lost and unaccounted for natural gas from distribution pipelines and systems. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An examination of different reporting re-quirements or standards for lost and unac-counted for natural gas to different agencies, the reasons for any such discrepancies, and rec-ommendations for harmonizing and improving the accuracy of reporting. (2) An analysis of whether separate or alter-native reporting could better measure the amounts and identify the location of lost and unaccounted for natural gas from natural gas distribution systems. (3) A description of potential safety issues as-sociated with natural gas that is lost and unac-counted for from natural gas distribution sys-tems. (4) An assessment of whether alternate report-ing and measures will resolve any safety issues identified under paragraph (3), including an analysis of the potential impact, including po-tential savings, on rate payers and end users of natural gas products of such reporting and measures. (c) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .—If the Administrator determines that alternate re-porting structures or recommendations included in the report required under subsection (a) would significantly improve the reporting and measurement of lost and unaccounted for gas or safety of systems, the Administrator shall, not later than 180 days after making such deter-mination, issue regulations, as the Adminis-trator determines appropriate, to implement the recommendations. 
SEC. 23. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF STATE POLICIES RELATING TO NAT-URAL GAS LEAKS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a State-by-State re-view of State-level policies that— (1) encourage the repair and replacement of leaking natural gas distribution pipelines or sys-tems that pose a safety threat, such as timelines to repair leaks and limits on cost recovery from ratepayers; and (2) that may create barriers for entities to con-duct work to repair and replace leaking natural gas pipelines or distribution systems. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to Congress and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration a report summarizing the findings of the review conducted under subsection (a) and making recommendations on Federal or State policies or best practices that may improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.036 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1296 March 3, 2016 
safety by accelerating the repair and replace-ment of natural gas pipelines or systems that are leaking or releasing natural gas, including policies within the jurisdiction of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion. The report shall consider the potential im-pact, including potential savings, of the imple-mentation of its recommendations on ratepayers or end users of the natural gas pipeline system. (c) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .—If the Comptroller General makes recommendations in the report submitted under subsection (a) on Federal or State policies or best practices within the jurisdiction of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, the Adminis-trator shall, not later than 90 days after such submission, review such recommendations and report to Congress on the feasibility of imple-menting such recommendations. If the Adminis-trator determines that the recommendations would significantly improve pipeline safety, the Administrator shall, not later than 180 days after making such determination and in coordi-nation with the heads of other relevant agencies as appropriate, issue regulations, as the Admin-istrator determines appropriate, to implement the recommendations. 
SEC. 24. PROVISION OF PIPELINE OIL SPILL RE-SPONSE PLANS TO CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator of the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Adminis-tration shall, upon request of the Chairman or Ranking Member of an appropriate congres-sional committee, provide to such committee full and unredacted copies of oil spill response plans. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 25. CONSULTATION WITH FERC AS PART OF PRE-FILING PROCEDURES AND PER-MITTING PROCESS FOR NEW NAT-URAL GAS PIPELINE INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
The Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall consult with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission during its pre-filing procedures and permitting process for new natural gas pipeline infrastructure to ensure the protection of people and the environment from the risks of haz-ardous materials transportation. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn; the Fischer substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported substitute amendment was withdrawn. The amendment (No. 3427) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 2276), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
WORLD LYMPHEDEMA DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 389. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 389) designating March 6, 2016, as the first annual ‘‘World Lymphedema Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 389) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
WORLD WILDLIFE DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 390, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 390) designating March 3, 2016 as ‘‘World Wildlife Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 390) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 7, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, March 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 4 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that at 4 p.m., the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 524. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, MARCH 7, 2016, AT 3 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:13 p.m., adjourned until Monday, March 7, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS  
AND BROKERS  
SUSAN LOUISE CASTANEDA, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE NA-TIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS FOR A TERM OF ONE YEAR. (NEW POSITION) 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
ROBERTO R. HERENCIA, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVERSEAS PRI-VATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIR-ING DECEMBER 17, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION  
CHRISTOPHER JAMES BRUMMER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 19, 2016, VICE MARK P. WETJEN, RESIGNED. CHRISTOPHER JAMES BRUMMER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 19, 2021. (REAPPOINTMENT) BRIAN D. QUINTENZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING APRIL 13, 2020, VICE SCOTT O’MALIA, RESIGNED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ANDREW R. MCIVER GERARD C. PHILIP 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
MICHAEL L. HIPP THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JASON A. GRANT THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
RONALD H. NELLEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
BRIAN D. HENNESSY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ASHLEY A. HOCKYCKO 
f 
WITHDRAWALS Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on March 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.036 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1297 March 3, 2016 
3, 2016 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nations: 
THERESE W. MCMILLAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE FED-ERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATOR, VICE PETER M. ROGOFF, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2015. CASSANDRA Q. BUTTS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTIETH SESSION OF THE GEN-ERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON SEPTEMBER 10, 2015. BARBARA LEE, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A REPRESENTA-TIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEV-ENTIETH SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON SEPTEMBER 10, 2015. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE A REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTIETH SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SEN-ATE ON SEPTEMBER 10, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.003 S03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE271 March 3, 2016 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 2, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call upon the people of our nation to re-double the effort to pass the Equal Rights Amend-ment—an amendment to make real the prom-ise of equal rights, equal justice and equal op-portunity for women. Given the continuous as-saults on women’s health care and reproduc-tive rights and the persistent wage gap, there is no better time for this Amendment to be-come enshrined in our constitution. This is long overdue and it is shameful that we con-tinue to be three states short of ratification. The Constitution must guarantee and protect women’s rights. In recognition of Women’s History Month, I encourage my colleagues to take up this issue and fight for the Equal Rights Amendment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARCH AS BLEEDING DISORDERS MONTH 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize March as the first Bleeding Disorders Awareness month. As my colleagues may know, bleeding disorders are a group of diseases which affect more than three million Americans and which have no known cure. These diseases, which include hemophilia, Von Willebrand disease or VWD, and other rare disorders, can take a heavy toll on their sufferers’ standard of living and fi-nances. However, despite these troubling re-alities, by raising awareness, it is my hope that through earlier diagnosis, we might pre-vent more complications, unnecessary proce-dures, and disabilities so often caused by these diseases. The most common bleeding disorders, he-mophilia and VWD, are hereditary and caused by disorders in blood proteins meant to clot and stop bleeding. According to the Centers for Disease Control, as many as 400 babies are born with hemophilia each year. For he-mophilia sufferers, their illness means that they require lifelong infusions of replacement clotting factor therapies. The financial burden for individuals with severe hemophilia are often $250,000 a year or more. While the af-fordable care act limits annual out-of-pocket expenses to $6,850 for individuals and $13,700 for families, the high cost of clotting factor therapies means that those afflicted with the disease often pay these full amounts each year. In the past we have seen just how vulner-able sufferers of bleeding disorders are to complications. When the nation’s blood supply became contaminated with HIV during the 1980’s, almost 90% of severe hemophilia suf-ferers became infected. Of those cases of HIV transmission, over 50% have since died of the disease. Despite these tragic outcomes, there is rea-son for optimism. Thanks to federally funded Hemophilia Treatment Centers (HTCs), origi-nally authorized by Congress in 1974, as many as 70% of hemophilia sufferers take ad-vantage of specialized treatment through the multidisciplinary, comprehensive care in a net-work of HTCs. According to the CDC, mortality rates and hospitalization rates for bleeding complications from hemophilia were 40% lower among Americans who received treat-ment at HTCs. I am proud to say that Georgia hosts a total of four HTCs. In addition, organizations such as the Na-tional Hemophilia Foundation have made it their mission to continue to raise awareness about rare bleeding disorders in the United States and abroad. So Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize those who suffer from bleed-ing disorders and those who continue to work to create greater awareness of bleeding dis-orders. f 
HONORING A CHAMPION FROM THE STATE OF HOCKEY 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend, and Elyite, Lt. Col. David Merhar for his many athletic achievements, service to his country, and passion for helping others pursue their goals. On February 6th his West Point number 7 jersey was retired—one of the first three jer-seys to ever be raised to the rafters of Tate Rink—in honor of his many accomplishments while playing for West Point’s hockey team. During his senior season, he became the first NCAA hockey player to surpass 100 points in a season. The 57 goals and 50 assists that season made him the highest scoring NCAA hockey player at the time and today his 107 points in one season remains 6th all-time in NCAA history. After graduating from West Point, Dave went on to a fulfilling 35 year career in govern-ment service, including 23 years in active mili-tary duty and serving as a special assistant to then General Alexander Haig stationed at NATO headquarters in Belgium. Dave’s hard work and dedication helped to keep our coun-try safe. Today Dave continues in public service by helping me select candidates for service acad-emy nominations. I truly appreciate the time he sets aside every year to help me nominate students to service academies, such as West Point, so they can pursue their goals just like Dave. Once again thank you Dave for your service to our country, and congratulations on this his-toric achievement. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NATIVE DAUGH-TERS OF THE GOLDEN WEST PARLOR 210 IN FORT BRAGG, CALIFORNIA 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of the Native Daughters of the Golden West Parlor 210 in Fort Bragg, California. On March 2, 1916, twenty-seven women were initiated as charter members of the newly formed parlor of the Native Daughters of the Golden West, a statewide fraternal and patriotic organization that has served the com-munity and helped preserve the town’s history for one hundred years. Over the years, the Native Daughters of Fort Bragg Parlor has played an important role in raising awareness of Fort Bragg’s unique history and in honoring important historical lo-cations through plaques, volunteer work, and sharing the living history of the town with visi-tors and locals alike. They have helped Fort Bragg students further their education as well as countless other philanthropic efforts. The longstanding dedication and commit-ment of the Fort Bragg members of the Native Daughters of the Golden West has created a legacy of service and historic preservation in Fort Bragg and Mendocino County. Please join me in acknowledging and expressing grat-itude to the Native Daughters of the Golden West Parlor 210 in Fort Bragg, California, for a century of service. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DORIS YOUNG HURLEY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and accomplishments of Mrs. Doris Young Hurley. A beloved wife, sister, mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother, as well as an irreplaceable member of the community, Mrs. Hurley passed away on Feb-ruary 28th, 2016 at the age of 94. Born in Buffalo, New York on May 27, 1921, Mrs. Hurley was raised on Humboldt Parkway on the East Side of Buffalo. One of nine chil-dren, she was a graduate of St. Mary Magdalene as well as St. Mary’s Seminary. In her scholastic career she was extremely proud of an essay she wrote in 1933 titled ‘‘Why I am Proud to be an American’’ which won an Americanism Essay award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.001 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE272 March 3, 2016 
Mrs. Hurley worked for American Airlines in the Buffalo airport after high school and during World War II, where she met her future hus-band Paul Bishop Hurley of Belmont, Massa-chusetts when he was transferred to Buffalo. They were married in January 1944, and were together sixty-two years until his passing in 2006. In her spare time, Mrs. Hurley enjoyed many activities including sewing, crafts, danc-ing, and music. She was a dedicated fan of the Buffalo Bills. A devoted mother, Mrs. Hurley’s family brought her great joy. She is survived by her daughters, Mary Ann Tanski, Barbara Pacitti, Colleen Argus; sons Paul Jr., John, Daniel, Michael, William, and Timothy; 25 grand-children; and 10 great-grandchildren. Paul Jr. served as President of Trocaire College from 1998 to 2012, and John has held the position of President of Canisius College since 2010. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to honor the memory of Mrs. Doris Y. Hurley, an adored mother, sister, and grand-mother. I offer my deepest condolences to her family, friends, and loved ones. 
f 
HONORING MORGAN PARK HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Morgan Park High School in Chi-cago, Illinois as it celebrates its 100th Anniver-sary. The centennial celebration is a highly antici-pated milestone for most organizations. How-ever, only a select group gets the honor of ac-tually celebrating one hundred years of exist-ence and Morgan Park High School is now among them. Since its inception in 1916 when it opened its doors to less than 300 students, Morgan Park has been a champion for edu-cational exceptionalism. Morgan Park is set apart during this momentous occasion as a bearer of academic excellence, a laboratory for stellar educators, and the training ground for talented and intellectually-stimulated stu-dents. Mr. Speaker, the Mustang family is also a clan of notable alumni. Among them is physi-cian, NASA Astronaut, and the first African- American woman in space Mae Jemison; Singer, songwriter, and record producer Jeremih; Actor Michael Colyar; Chicago Teachers Union and American Federation of Teachers leader Jacqueline B. Vaughn; Inven-tor James C. Bliss; and NFL Player Corbin Bryant—to name a few. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if, amongst this list of notable alum-ni, I did not mention my dedicated and diligent Chief of Staff, Reverend Stanley Watkins. The list of prestigious accomplishments that have emerged from the Mustang family is a testament of why Morgan Park High School is still standing 100 years strong. Mr. Speaker, 100 is a special number because it marks two significant transitions: the conclusion of one century and the beginning of a new one. While this is a time to celebrate the many victories and cherished moments of the passing cen-tury, it is also the moment in which we pause to reflect upon it critically to identify our short-comings so that we can learn from them and better shape our future. So, Mr. Speaker, this year we celebrate both our beginning and our becoming. We cel-ebrate the struggles of the past 100 years and we embrace the challenge of the next 100 years. We commend the triumphant strides of the many leaders that have been birthed from this rich Mustang blood. We unleash the unbri-dled Mustang spirit upon those who are being groomed now and those who are still to come. Mr. Speaker, therefore, we recognize this great achievement and commend Morgan Park High School for bestowing upon so many the opportunity of a lifetime; to pass through its halls, to sit in its classrooms, and to play on its courts. Go Mustangs and congratulations on reach-ing your centennial. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF M&Ms 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize Mars, Incorporated as they celebrate the 75th anniversary of M&Ms today, March 3, 2016. Forrest Mars Sr., son of Mars founder, Franklin Mars, got the inspiration for M&Ms while running the family candy business in the United Kingdom. Mars encountered soldiers eating small chocolate candies encased in a hard shell as part of their rations. These hard shell chocolate candies resisted melting. For-rest Mars turned the concept into M&Ms and a world-renowned brand of candy. By the mid- 1950s, M&Ms had become the number one candy in the United States. Mars, Incorporated has five governing prin-ciples that deserve our recognition. First, they establish quality of their work as their first goal. Second, they require total responsibility from every member of their organization. Third, they seek out how to mutually serve ev-eryone in a business relationship with them. Fourth, they strive to never waste resources. Fifth, as one of the world’s largest family- owned companies, they embrace the freedom to do business with high standards. After visiting M&Ms and Mars facilities in Central Florida and learning about their prin-ciple-based business model, I have come to respect this company. Mars is a quality, fam-ily-owned organization, and I wish M&Ms a happy 75th anniversary. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RENEE L. ELLMERS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on March 2, 2016, H.R. 3716, the Ensuring Access to Quality Medicaid Providers Act, passed the U.S. House of Representa-tives with an overwhelming 406 ‘‘yea’’ votes. Had I been I present, I would have voted in favor of this legislation. IN HONOR OF LIN SCHMALE HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lin Schmale, who recently retired from The Society of American Florists where she was senior director of government relations and an advocate for flower and plant growers across the nation. Lin is someone known for tenacity and fearlessness—as well as collabo-ration and kindness. A walking encyclopedia of the federal bureaucracy, she has a long and well-documented history for promoting teamwork and partnerships to accomplish the sometimes seemingly impossible. For 22 years, Lin fought for the floral indus-try on Capitol Hill and throughout countless federal agencies, bringing together diverse people, groups and agencies, and standing her ground on issues that directly affect the livelihood of growers, wholesalers, retailers and suppliers. Known for her sharp intellect and her ability to grasp and then distill complex issues, Lin has played a lead role in two critically impor-tant areas: first, through her efforts, federal funds are now available to conduct important research on floral and nursery crops; and sec-ond, she has dedicated countless hours to en-sure safe and efficient transportation of flow-ers and plants within the United States and across international borders. When Lin started working at SAF, the Floral and Nursery Research Initiative (FNRI) had been created and was poised to be a source of needed funding for research across the country. While the structure was in place, and there was support in Congress and the USDA, the Initiative needed more visibility. However, putting her knowledge of the federal and polit-ical bureaucracy to work, and calling on a vast network of colleagues and peers on the Hill, Lin soon helped take the Initiative to the next level. What was initially a glimmer in the eyes of the industry soon became a multi-million dollar annual USDA research program that today funds a wide variety of research benefit-ting not only the floral and nursery industries but literally all of agriculture. And the U.S. De-partment of Agriculture has called the Initiative a model program for private and public sector collaboration. As the international movement of floral prod-ucts has increased, Lin’s role in addressing pest and disease issues took on more impor-tance. When the pathogen Ralstonia first threat-ened to disrupt the country’s supply of gera-niums, Lin made sure the industry maintained a respectful yet loud voice in often difficult ne-gotiations between the USDA, the Department of Homeland Security and other agricultural groups. Leveraging her deep connections in Washington, she brought interested parties to-gether to craft a realistic and workable solution that protected the geranium industry first and foremost, but also addressed the needs of other agricultural groups and the federal gov-ernment. That was no small feat, and some people have said, without exaggeration, that Lin saved the geranium industry in the United States. Over the years, Lin has been a strong in-dustry advocate and negotiator in many other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03MR8.004 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE273 March 3, 2016 
similar situations. She has dealt with federal and state officials on a wide variety of other pest and disease issues that threatened to disrupt the flow of floral products. In working on these issues, Lin is often recognized be-cause of her ability to get people to focus on the science of an issue and not only the poli-tics. With that said, she knows politics in Washington, D.C., and at the state level and uses her knowledge to help diffuse chal-lenging situations and work toward solutions. Through all of her interactions with govern-ment officials, Lin emphasizes candor and transparency. For that, people in both the in-dustry and government place great trust in her word. At The Society of American Florists, Lin dedicated herself to staging SAF’s annual Congressional Action Days event, and helped to inform and educate SAF members on the key issues of the day. And she has also had a major role in developing its annual Pest and Production Management Conference, a must- see for scientists, researchers and growers. Lin was honored this year with SAF’s John H. Walker Award for excellence in the field of as-sociation management and she also received the Executive Director’s Award from the North American Plant Protection Organization for her collaborative work with regulatory officials from the United States, Mexico and Canada. Mr. Speaker, it is truly an honor to rise and celebrate Lin’s excellence in fighting for the floral industry every day on Capitol Hill and for her deep commitment to collaboration and partnerships. 
f 
HONORING THE BICENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF OSWEGO COUN-TY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the people and history of Oswego County, New York and celebrate the county’s 200th Anniversary. The County of Oswego was established in March of 1816 through an act of the New York State Legislature. The county occupies 986 square miles of land on the southeastern shore of Lake Ontario. The County of Oswego has played a signifi-cant role in the history of the Central New York region as well as our nation’s history. Fort Ontario, overlooking Lake Ontario, in Oswego County, is one of our nation’s most unique and historical landmarks. Fort Ontario is the only fort that has been involved in every war since the French and Indian War. During World War II, the Fort served as the nation’s only Emergency Refugee Camp, sheltering nearly 1,000 refugees. The Fort is now a state historic site and operates as a museum, at-tracting tourists from across the country. Fort Ontario is just one example of the great history in Oswego County. As Oswego County celebrates its bicentennial, I want to honor all who have helped make Oswego County great and thank everyone who has played a part in preserving the irreplaceable history of Oswego County. DEBATE COACH OF THE YEAR: DAVE PRITSCHET HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dave Pritschet, of Brainerd High School in Brainerd, Minnesota, who has been named 2016 Coach of the Year by the Min-nesota Debate Teachers Association. Dave built a great and growing debate pro-gram at Brainerd High School that has brought so much honor and recognition to his students and to our entire community. In fact, under Dave’s guidance, the program has sent stu-dents to state and national debate tour-naments in every year but one since 2000. So it’s no wonder his fellow coaches saw fit to recognize those achievements with this year’s award. Though his students debate many things, they can all agree Coach Pritschet’s knowl-edge and passion for the art of debate moti-vates them to strive for excellence. Moreover, the success Brainerd’s debate team has earned and enjoyed is inspiring other schools throughout rural Minnesota to form debate teams where students learn to respectfully ex-change ideas and opinions based on facts. That ability to speak clearly and eloquently will take them far in life; perhaps even to this very Chamber one day. Once again, it is an honor to recognize with my colleagues Minnesota’s 2016 Coach of the Year, Dave Pritschet. 
f 
BAKKEN U 
HON. KEVIN CRAMER 
OF NORTH DAKOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, the people of North Dakota have many admirable qualities. Throughout the history of my state, they have shown resourcefulness and perseverance as they have produced food to feed a hungry world and unlocked today’s shale oil revolu-tion. With low oil prices bringing a slowdown in the energy sector, North Dakotans are again showing their resilience. Many are looking to improve themselves by gaining new skills and more education. Bakken U, an innovative new program from the North Dakota University System that is funded by the North Dakota Petroleum Council, is helping make that hap-pen. I want to congratulate Warren Logan of Dickinson, who left college a few years ago to work in North Dakota’s oilfields. As the first re-cipient of a $5,000 Bakken U scholarship, he will continue to work fulltime while also being a fulltime student, finishing the business ad-ministration degree he began to pursue years ago. Warren is the first of many ambitious North Dakotans to take advantage of this unique Bakken U program. Bettering themselves with additional education is certain to benefit them and my entire state. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,090,880,799,021.63. We’ve added $8,464,003,750,108.55 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 35TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ART OF LIVING FOUNDATION 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Art of Living Foundation for its thirty-five years of promoting human values around the world and to wish them well as they kick off their World Culture Festival on March 11th in New Delhi, India. I’d also like to recognize all of the volunteers around the world and in New Delhi who have spent count-less hours organizing this truly magnificent event. As a United States Congresswoman, I am focused on improving the lives of girls and women across the globe. I applaud the Art of Living Foundation’s programs that focus on empowering girls and women by giving them access to education, vocational skills training, and self-development programs. The vision and actions of Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and the Foundation to empower marginalized girls and women is a positive force for strengthening our future. The World Culture Festival will bring to-gether individuals from 155 diverse countries to promote peace and unity. Thank you for your tireless work and for your commitment to making the world a more peaceful and harmo-nious place. Please accept my best wishes for a wonderful World Culture Festival and con-gratulations to the Art of Living Foundation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAN BENISHEK 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 105, I was unavoidably detained and was un-fortunately unable to vote in favor of H.R. 3716, the Ensuring Removal of Terminated Providers from Medicaid and CHIP Act. As a doctor, I know how important it is to make sure that only qualified professionals are eligi-ble for participating in health care programs like Medicaid and CHIP. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR8.008 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE274 March 3, 2016 
BRIGADIER GENERAL SANDY BEST 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise with great pride to honor my friend, Brigadier General Sandy Best, the first woman in the Minnesota National Guard to be promoted to the rank of General. In recognition of her extraordinary leadership and exemplary service to the Guard and to our Nation, she began her new command of the 133rd Airlift Wing and 148th Fighter Wing on February 25th. In her many visits to my office, General Best has always been an outstanding advocate for the Minnesota National Guard. She exempli-fies the best of what makes our National Guard so effective. In her former role as the Minnesota National Guard’s Director of Gov-ernment Relations she advocated for Min-nesota’s bases at the federal and state level, contributing greatly to making our state’s bases some of America’s premier defense op-erations. Members of the Minnesota National Guard have been deployed around the world, and they always stand ready to help our region when natural disasters strike and people are in need of aid and assistance. I’m confident that both the 133rd Airlift Wing and 148th Fighter Wing are in strong hands under Gen-eral Best’s command. And I know she will continue her strong advocacy for the brilliant, highly trained and hardworking men and women of Minnesota’s National Guard. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing General Sandy Best for her historic ac-complishment and service to our great nation. 
f 
EXCEPTIONAL EDUCATORS 
HON. KEVIN CRAMER 
OF NORTH DAKOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, one of the greatest challenges in public education is the integration of learning opportunities for excep-tional children. Dedicated parents, teachers, staff and ad-ministrators all contribute to the success of this effort. Today I congratulate Meredith Frisch, a paraprofessional at Westside Ele-mentary School in West Fargo, who was rec-ognized as Paraeducator of the Year by the North Dakota Council for Exceptional Children. This award recognizes individuals who work to promote significant educational successes for students, a commitment to continued pro-fessional development and the highest stand-ards of educational quality. Meredith represents well all paraeducators in my state who dedicate their careers to working with exceptional students. She is known for her commitment to finding the best in all students, encouraging them to reach above and beyond their potential all with a unique brand of compassion and humor. She is a credit to all educators throughout North Dakota, and our state is better because of her devotion to exceptional students. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend House Roll Call Vote Numbers 71 through 78 on February 11, 2016. If present, I would have voted Yes on vote numbers 71, 73, 74, and 75 and voted No on vote numbers 72, 76, 77 and 78. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF OFFICER DAVID HOFER 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and memory of Officer David Hofer of the Euless, Texas Police De-partment. Officer Hofer was tragically killed while serving in the line of duty on March 1, 2016. David’s career as an officer began in 2009 after joining the New York Police Department. A native of Brooklyn, New York and a 2008 graduate of New York University, David ful-filled his lifelong dream of becoming a police officer soon after completing his degree. After dutifully serving the people of New York for five years, David relocated to North Texas where he accepted a position with the Euless Police Department. David was an upstanding citizen of the com-munity, and an outstanding police officer. He is remembered as a loving son, brother, fiance´, and hero. David’s service and dedica-tion to his neighbors, his community, and the City of Euless will never be forgotten. As we memorialize David’s life within the halls of Congress, may we never forget his commit-ment and sacrifice for the safety and wellbeing of our community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand here today to recognize a true hero. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in cele-brating the life of Officer David Hofer. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JAMES KEHOE 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate James Kehoe on his recent re-tirement as Business Manager for the Plumb-ers & Pipefitters Local Union 322 of Winslow Township, New Jersey, after thirty-six years of membership. Jim has had a lasting impact for generations to come and I would like to ap-plaud him for his service. Jim graduated from Rutgers University with a degree in Business Administration in 1979 and then joined the Local 322 Apprenticeship Program. He served his community tirelessly with the Camden County Improvement Author-ity and the Camden County United Way. As Vice President of the Southern New Jersey AFL–CIO, a board member of the Union Orga-nization for Social Service and president of the Southern New Jersey Building Trades Council, Jim worked to improve the lives of working families in New Jersey. As a trustee at Rowan University, a board member on the Senator Walter Rand Institute of Public Affairs at Rutgers University and as chair of the Casino Reinvestment Develop-ment Authority, Jim has worked tirelessly to improve the lives of families and all of south-ern New Jersey. Jim has worked with multiple community service organizations, including the Salvation Army, Catholic Charities, Boy Scouts of America and the American Red Cross and I commend him for his social action and devo-tion to the betterment of our communities. Mr. Speaker, James Kehoe is a great Amer-ican whose dedication to community service is an inspiration to his family, friends, and our entire state. I join with his Plumbers & Pipe-fitters brothers and sisters and all of New Jer-sey in thanking him for his outstanding service and in wishing him continued success and prosperity in all his future endeavors. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF H. MARIE SMITH’S 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 90th birthday of H. Marie Smith, an institution in Monroe, Michigan. Marie Smith, or Sweet Marie as she is known by many, was born on March 1st, 1926 in Monroe, Michigan, which remains her home to this day. She married William D. Smith on December 27th, 1947, and had four wonderful children; Mark, Paul W., Brian and Alison. Marie Smith has been part of the fabric of the Monroe community for decades. As a young woman, she worked in the Betrus Mar-ket. This market was owned and operated by her parents for 47 years and was considered the ‘‘meeting place for the neighborhood’’. Marie lived in the building connected to the market until she married. In 1948, Marie and her husband cofounded the Monroe Commu-nity Players to produce theatrical productions for the people of Monroe and Southeast Michi-gan. To this day, the Monroe Community Play-ers is still working as a nonprofit and volunteer organization to produce performances for the community. Even though ‘‘Sweet Marie’’ has retired, she still helps as a house manager for the Monroe Community Players. To this day, she lives on her own, drives her own car, is active on social media and is crit-ical in keeping people connected to ensure they are a part of the broader community. Her children have made her proud. Mark was a re-spected attorney in Monroe. Paul W. is known throughout America as the voice of the Great Lakes on the number one radio station, WJR. Alison is well-known in the healthcare commu-nity as a senior executive with ProMedica. H. Marie Smith has worked tirelessly to im-prove the quality of life for the people of Mon-roe through her support of and passion for the arts in Monroe. She continues the tradition of one of the staple markets and community gathering locations, serving as the glue that binds people. We celebrate her birthday with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03MR8.011 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE275 March 3, 2016 
pride and gratitude for everything she has done for the good of her community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to celebrate the 90th birthday of my friend H. Marie Smith and wish her many more years of success. 
f 
MENTORSHIP PROGRAMS 
HON. KEVIN CRAMER 
OF NORTH DAKOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, North Dakota’s exceptional quality of life has often been rec-ognized by those who live in my state and those who wish they did. The secret to this quality of life can be found in the quality of our people, the many individuals who dedicate their careers and vol-unteer time to making their communities bet-ter. Today, I want to recognize Rebekah Christensen, director of the Richland-Wilkin Kinship Program. She was presented with this year’s Outstanding Citizen Award by the Wahpeton Breckenridge Area Chamber of Commerce for her work as head of this pro-gram. This Richland-Wilkin Kinship Program matches young people with volunteer adults. Its motto is ‘‘Mentors are ordinary people doing ordinary thing that produce extraordinary results.’’ This motto holds true as well with dy-namic leaders like Rebekah, her mentor volun-teers and board members, and the many com-munity members who support the program fi-nancially and with community engagement op-portunities. They are all contributing to supporting young people in the Wahpeton-Breckenridge area and helping them transition into success-ful adults. 
f 
55TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PEACE CORPS 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join in the celebration of the 55th Anniversary of the Peace Corps. Since the program’s establishment on March 1st, 1961 by President John F. Ken-nedy, the Peace Corps has been working to promote peace and friendship, and to help na-tions tackle some of the most pressing chal-lenges they face. As we celebrate, let’s re-member that the Peace Corps is now active in over 130 nations and its volunteers remain committed to tackling issues such as climate change, pandemic disease, food security, and gender inequality and empowerment. In the 55 years since its’ founding, over 220,000 U.S. citizens, including current Mem-bers of Congress, have served their nation in the Peace Corps. And many more are eager to serve. In 2015, the Peace Corps received its highest number of applications (over 23,000) since 1975. Peace Corps volunteers go abroad for de-ployments of 2 years aid in the social and economic developments in some of the world’s poorest countries. They serve as teachers and health care providers in commu-nities that lack access to various necessities like food, water, education, healthcare, equal-ity and disease prevention. They also help our nation by becoming the face of America to those they interact with while themselves gain-ing a better understanding of the culture and people of other nations. Volunteers often im-merse themselves in the communities that they are sent to and play a unique role in shaping the lives of the individuals perma-nently living there. I want to take a moment to congratulate the 22 residents of my congressional district who currently serve as Peace Corps volunteers. They have been deployed to South Africa, In-donesia, Ethiopia, and Ecuador, just to name a few. I wish these young men and women the best of luck as they begin to make a dif-ference in the communities they have been deployed to. And I have no doubt that these talented and skilled young people will make an incredible difference as Peace Corps volun-teers. I strongly support the Peace Corps. The Peace Corps represents the best of America and the undimmed potential of ‘‘soft power’’ initiatives that help make our world a better place. In the midst of poverty and through war and conflict, the Peace Corps has shown the world a hopeful, uplifting side of America that reflects our fundamental values of peace, prosperity, and progress. The Peace Corps will be a vital part of the U.S. diplomatic and development response and a sign of our na-tion’s long term commitment to help alleviate suffering around the globe. Let us work to keep this program strong and in business for another 55 years. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on February 12, 2016, I was unable to attend House Roll Call Vote Numbers 79 through 82. If present, I would have voted Yes on vote numbers 79 and 82 and voted No on vote numbers 80 and 81. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ANNIVERSARY OF POGROMS AGAINST ARME-NIANS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the twenty-eighth anniversary of the pogroms against people of Armenian descent in Sumgait, Azerbaijan. Peaceful demonstrations descended into chaos when Azerbaijani rioters attacked Arme-nian men and women advocating for democ-racy on February 27, 1988. After three days of unspeakable violence, hundreds of Armenians lost their lives and thousands more no longer had a place to call home. Undeterred by Soviet oppression, the Arme-nian community and its dedication to demo-cratic self-determination sparked a movement that finally helped bring an end to the dictator-ship of the Soviet Union. The courage dem-onstrated by the Armenian people of Nagorno Karabakh in demanding their rights even after all of the adversity is admirable and should never be forgotten. Today, authoritarian leaders in Azerbaijan continue to aggravate efforts by the OSCE Minsk Group to achieve lasting peace in Nagorno Karabakh and the surrounding re-gion. This ancient Christian land has borne witness to several crimes against humanity over the years, and I have hope the United States will take on its moral responsibility to ensure the people of Armenia do not live in fear. On behalf of the thousands of Armenian Americans living in my congressional district, I invite my colleagues to stand with me and the proud people of Nagorno Karabakh in remem-bering the lives lost and reinvigorating our commitment to freedom and democracy. f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER AND ACHIEVEMENTS OF BILL BAILEY 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great man, and an icon of our Hous-ton community, retired Harris County Precinct 8 Constable Bill Bailey. Bill Bailey has been the voice of RodeoHouston for the past three decades. He has brought unparalleled enthusiasm and depth of expertise to his craft, honed by years of experience. Bill has been involved with the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo for over 50 years, where he serves as both a board member and a lifetime vice president. Bill’s iconic voice and announcing talent were honed by an equally prodigious career in broadcast radio, which saw Bill inducted into the Country Radio Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 2010. Through the medium of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, Bill Bailey has also been instrumental in raising millions of dollars for educational scholarships to benefit Texas area youth and to enrich countless other worthy causes across Southeast Texas. Let me extend my most hearty congratula-tions to Bill Bailey as he retires from RodeoHouston and turns the page on another chapter in his storied life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING YOUNG ENTREPRENEURS 
HON. KEVIN CRAMER 
OF NORTH DAKOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, North Dakota’s research universities are nurturing bright stu-dents in a variety of programs that encourage them to learn, grow, innovate and even change the world. Today, I congratulate North Dakota State University student Andrew Dalman, a graduate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.010 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE276 March 3, 2016 
student in the mechanical engineering pro-gram. He has been recognized by the U.S. Society of Manufacturing Engineering as one of the ‘‘30 under 30 Brightest Manufacturing Engineers.’’ And again, Forbes magazine has put Andrew on its list of ‘‘30 Under 30 in Man-ufacturing and Engineering in 2016.’’ Andy has helped develop an affordable 3D- printed prosthetic arm for children. He was on an NDSU team designing a new shape and type of ceramic dental implant. Now he is fo-cusing on an advanced bone technology project to make medical testing cheaper, safer and more ethical. The talents of young entrepreneurs and innovators like Andy bring hope and promise to our world as they focus their bright minds on some of the greatest challenges and op-portunities facing us today. This is the highest calling of our state’s higher education system, especially our outstanding research univer-sities, and I commend all who are part of it. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ELIZABETH CITY STATE UNIVERSITY’S 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise in recognition of the 125th Anniversary of Elizabeth City State Uni-versity—a public, historically black college in North Carolina’s First Congressional District. On March 3, 1891, Representative Hugh Cale, an African American member of the North Carolina General Assembly from Pasquotank County sponsored House Bill 383, which established a normal school to train Af-rican Americans to become primary school teachers. Dr. Peter W. Moore, a former slave, served as the school’s first Principal, and then President until his retirement in 1928. Dr. John Henry Bias became the school’s second president in 1928 and was responsible for spearheading efforts to implement a bacca-laureate program. In 1937, the school’s name was officially changed to Elizabeth City State Teachers College after receiving approval from state officials to become a four year school. The first Bachelor of Science degrees in Elementary Education were awarded in 1939. In 1963, the school’s name was changed to Elizabeth City State College and was ulti-mately named Elizabeth City State University in 1969 when the school began awarding graduate degrees. When the University of North Carolina System was formed in 1972, Elizabeth City State University was one of the 16 public institutions to be granted member-ship. Nearly 2,500 students attend ECSU. The university now offers 28 undergraduate de-grees and 4 graduate programs of study in fields like aviation, natural sciences, arts, mathematics, business, and economics. The ECSU Vikings compete in the Central Inter-collegiate Athletic Association (CIAA) Division II and have produced many star athletes over the years. Elizabeth City State University, like many other Historically Black Colleges and Univer-sities, has played an important part in African American culture, the history of North Caro-lina, and has contributed to the overall suc-cess of American higher education. For well over a century, ECSU has lived up to its motto ‘‘To Live is to Learn’’ by producing lifelong learners and affording generations of North Carolinians with the tools necessary to be leaders in our global society. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and congratulating Elizabeth City State University for 125 years of serving and educating African Americans seeking higher education in my state. f 
RECOGNIZING DAN EARL JONES 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am happy to congratulate Dan Earl Jones, Chairman of the South Carolina Cable Television Association from 2015–2016 and Vice President of Government Relations and Time Warner Cable of South Carolina, on his upcoming retirement. In over 30 years as a community advocate in the state of South Carolina, Dan has achieved an exemplary and successful career. He has served with numerous organizations including the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce, the Columbia and Charleston Op-timist Clubs, the Brookland-Cayce High School Education Foundation, and the Lexington Medical Center Board of Directors. A graduate of Charleston Southern University, he also currently serves on its Board of Visitors. I am grateful for his admirable service and dedica-tion to the community. While having the opportunity to serve in the South Carolina Senate and now Congress re-ceiving briefings from Dan, I always could count on his integrity and honesty. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 105 regarding the ‘‘Ensuring Removal of Terminated Providers from Medicaid and CHIP Act’’ (H.R. 3716). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BISHOP JAMES L. DAVIS 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a fifth generation African Methodist Episcopal minister, Presiding Prel-ate, Bishop James Levert Davis on the end of his outstanding tenure as the Presiding Prel-ate of the 9th African Methodist Episcopal Dis-trict and for his dedicated and distinguished service to the State of Alabama. Bishop Davis is the son of the late Mother Dorothy Lynch, the late Reverend Sam Davis and Mother Alma Davis. He is married to his partner in ministry, Arelis Beevers Davis. They are the proud parents of Dr. Nicole Davis Pass and Damarys Monique Burnett; and the proud grandparents of Patrick James Pass, Ashton James Pass, Baron Christopher Valentino Burnett and Noel Olivia Burnett. Bishop Davis attended both public and pri-vate schools in Alabama and received the call to ministry at age 12. Bishop Davis is a grad-uate of Morris Brown College in Atlanta, Geor-gia where he earned his Bachelor of Science degree and later matriculated at Turner Theo-logical Seminary where he earned his Master of Divinity degree. He also received a Doc-torate of Ministry degree from the Interdenomi-national Theological Center in Atlanta, Geor-gia. Bishop Davis’ leadership roles have in-cluded the 123rd Bishop in the African Meth-odist Episcopal Church. He was appointed to the 19th Episcopal District which encom-passed the Republic of South Africa. Bishop Davis furthered the legacy of self-help and self-reliance through his ministry during his time living on the continent of Africa from 2004 to 2008. Bishop Davis has preached and taught for over 45 years and has served the African Methodist church and community faithfully. His exemplary work and commitment to his call has earned the respect and admiration of fel-low ministers, church members, government leaders and our community. It was under the leadership of Bishop Davis that the 9th Episcopal District was able to pur-chase and renovate the District Headquarters located in downtown Birmingham, AL. It took only twenty-five months for the District to cele-brate burning their mortgage while reporting $1.8 million in budget assessments and were able to donate over $60,000 to local churches in need. Bishop Davis continues to demonstrate an exemplary commitment to community service through his work as the chair of the Board of Directors for the Daniel Payne College where he promoted his remarkable vision for its prop-erty which could help generate funds for the church. Under his leadership, The Daniel Payne College Foundation, Inc. of the 9th Episcopal District was able to purchase the Daniel Payne Middle School making this the largest property owned by an African Amer-ican institution in the State of Alabama. On a personal note, Bishop Davis has moti-vated and inspired me to utilize my gifts and talents in planting and reaping and sowing good seeds throughout Alabama’s 7th Con-gressional District. I want to thank him for his continued support and encouragement as we both seek to serve God’s people for the ad-vancement of a better world. On behalf of the 7th Congressional District, the State of Alabama and this nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the ac-complishments of Bishop James Levert Davis. We pay tribute to his distinguished career and contributions for the betterment of the State of Alabama and extend deep appreciation for his exemplary service as the Presiding Prelate of the 9th Episcopal District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.016 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE277 March 3, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on March 2, 2016—I was not present for roll call vote 105. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 105. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-LATING MATSON GUAM ON ITS 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF SERVICE ON GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Matson Guam as the company celebrates its 20th anniver-sary of business and service to the people of Guam. Matson Guam began operations on February 1, 1996, during which it has provided continuous and uninterrupted service to Guam. Matson Guam has also made strong partnerships and provides services to neigh-boring islands in the Pacific, including the Northern Mariana Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau and Republic of the Marshall Islands. Matson Guam also served as the only U.S. carrier servicing Guam and Micronesia from 2011 to 2015. Matson Guam is a part of a global company founded in 1882 which began carrying food and supplies from California to Hawaii. Today, Matson is a diversified company whose pri-mary interest is in carrying freight between the Pacific Coast and Hawaii. Matson is the lead-ing U.S. carrier in the Pacific and provides a vital lifeline to the economies of many Pacific islands. In addition to Matson Guam’s shipping and logistics services in the region, Matson Guam also makes many contributions to the local community and throughout Micronesia through the Matson Foundation. In 2016 alone, the Matson Foundation is estimated to have con-tributed over $200,000 to local causes. Addi-tionally, Matson Guam is a key sponsor for the Festival of the Pacific Arts that will take place in Guam this summer. As part of the partner-ship, Matson Guam recently shipped a Sakman canoe, a traditional Chamorro fishing boat from San Diego, California to Guam. The Sakman symbolizes the tie between the com-pany’s shipping operations and Guam’s sea-faring heritage. Matson Guam is also committed to environ-mentally friendly initiatives aimed at protecting and preserving the natural resources of the re-gion. As part of this commitment, Matson Guam leads an environmental and community relations program called Adahi I Tano’ which translates to ‘‘taking care of our island.’’ The company donates the use of container equip-ment on Guam for environmental cleanup projects arranged by non-profit organizations, and pays for trucking expenses for the deliv-ery and pickup of the containers. Matson also awards these non-profit organizations a $500 contribution for each successful cleanup. Since 2013, over 5 dozen non-profit organiza-tions participating in the program have con-ducted over 80 cleanups to help the environ-ment and in turn help their individual organiza-tions carry out their missions. I thank Matson Guam for their service to the island and region over the last two decades. I congratulate Matson Guam on its 20th anni-versary and commend the company’s leader-ship and employees for their contributions to the people of Guam and communities through-out the region. I look forward to their future contributions and success. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF MASON COUNTY FARM BUREAU 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor a remarkable organization, the Mason County Farm Bureau. The Mason County Farm Bureau from Central Illinois is an integral organization that promotes agricultural pros-perity. After many years of success and serv-ice, the Mason County Farm Bureau is cele-brating their 100th anniversary. Mason County Farm Bureau was chartered on February 16, 1916 by local farmers inter-ested in promoting agriculture on a local, state, and national level. Today, the group has over 1,500 members supporting the agrarian community and economy throughout the coun-ty. Not only does Mason County Farm Bureau focus on agricultural issues, but they have ef-fectively established committees for young leaders involved in agriculture. These commit-tees include initiatives like Farm Safety Day, Young Leaders Conference, and Farm Bureau scholarships. Programs like these greatly serve the community by ensuring that today’s young aspiring farmers effectively, safely and efficiently grow a better quality and more abundant crop for future generations. Ilinois has become a major economic force within the agricultural sector because of farm bureaus like Mason County that come to-gether and enhance opportunities for local farmers, their families, and the community as a whole. I extend my sincere congratulations to Mason County Farm Bureau for their out-standing accomplishments and contributions to Illinois. I hope the organization continues to grow and prosper for the next one hundred years. 
f 
HONORING THE PASSING OF ATTY. LINDA SARNO 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the passing of community activist and civic and religious leader, Atty. Linda Sarno, who passed away on February 1, 2016. Atty. Sarno was a beloved community organizer and leader who supported the devel-opment and professionalism of Filipino Amer-ican businesses and raised awareness and appreciation for Filipino culture and cuisine in Southern California. She started initiatives in the community to promote the advantages of green technology, health, and conservation both in business and everyday life. She was co-founder and director emeritus of the Filipino American Chamber of Commerce of Orange County where she encouraged young entre-preneurship, and was also actively involved in the Asian Business Association of Orange County. Atty. Sarno will be deeply missed by her family, friends, and our community. f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL CINDI FELDWISCH 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lieutenant Colonel Cindi Feldwisch, a cham-pion of women’s rights who served her country with distinction as one of the ‘‘First Five’’ women in the United States Air Force Honor Guard (USAFHG). When Lt. Col. Feldwisch entered uniformed service in 1975, women did not serve in the USAFHG. This elite ceremonial unit in the United States Air Force (USAF) is charged with representing the USAF at all public and official ceremonies in the National Capital Re-gion. These ceremonies include funerals for deceased USAF personnel, occasions for vis-iting dignitaries and military officials, wreath- laying at the Tomb of the Unknowns, and White House arrival ceremonies. In 1973, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs had issued a memorandum instructing the USAF to incorporate women into the USAFHG. In 1976 a new training program began with the intention of integrating women into the USAFHG. Lt. Col. Feldwisch and four com-rades defied expectations and, in the words of their commanding officer, Captain Marcel Mayer, ‘‘they not only survived the training, they excelled.’’ On July 15, 1976, Lt. Col. Feldwisch along with Teresa Brown, Margaret Jones, Madelyn Ritz, and Elizabeth Root grad-uated and became the first female members of the USAFHG. Collectively, they are known in the USAFHG as the ‘‘First Five.’’ Nevertheless, the First Five still endured discrimination and sexism. For example, the First Five were not initially allowed to carry M– 1 rifles in ceremonies because of a ban pro-hibiting women from participating in combat. It would have been easy to accept this second rate status, but Lt. Col. Feldwisch and the other female members of USAFHG refused. In 1977 they penned a letter to First Lady, Rosalynn Carter, who issued a statement in their support. By January 1978, there was a change in policy allowing women to participate in all ceremonies with their M–1s. Lt. Col. Feldwisch went on to serve four years of active duty in the USAFHG. After re-ceiving her Bachelor of Science at the Univer-sity of Northern Colorado, she returned to duty as an enlisted member of the Colorado Air National Guard, earning her commission as a Second Lieutenant, in 1991. She has risen through the ranks, and in 2006 she became a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.021 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE278 March 3, 2016 
Lieutenant Colonel. From November 2000–Oc-tober 2003, Lt. Col. Feldwisch served three years of active duty at the Air Force Safety Center in Kirtland, New Mexico. From July– October 2004, she deployed overseas and served in Baghdad. Currently, Lt. Col. Feldwisch is the Executive Officer for the As-sistant Adjutant General, Joint Force Head-quarters, New Mexico National Guard, Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico. Col. Feldwisch is a highly decorated officer and has received numerous awards and deco-rations for her service to her country. These include the Meritorious Service Medal, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, the Air Force Commendation Medal, the Air Force Achievement Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, the Global War on Ter-rorism Service Medal, and the United Nations Medal. Our military has undertaken tremendous ad-vancements since Lt. Col. Feldwisch entered the USAFHG. Indeed, women can now serve alongside men in combat, something that was hard to imagine when Lt. Col. Feldwisch en-tered the service. She was influential in ex-panding women’s rights in the military and has paved the way for future generations of women to serve their country with distinction. Lt. Col. Feldwisch and the other members of the First Five who bravely entered the USAFHG in 1976 are role models for all women and girls. Lt. Col. Feldwisch dem-onstrated that nothing is impossible so long as you are not willing to take no for an answer. For this and her years of service I honor her today. IN RECOGNITION OF HOWARD P. DREW 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to recognize one of Springfield’s most famous residents, Olympic athlete and scholar Howard P. Drew. Howard was born on June 28, 1890 in Lex-ington, Virginia but was raised in Springfield, Massachusetts. As a high school student at Springfield High School, Howard tied the world record for the 100 meter dash to qualify for the 1912 Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden. Later, as a student at the University of South-ern California, he broke the record for the 100 meter and 200 meter dash. Despite having many personal problems, he persevered and was able to travel to participate in an array of competitions. Howard won numerous medals throughout the Northeast, especially in Massa-chusetts. His triumphs in track and field were covered by every major newspaper including the Boston Globe and the New York Times. During his time at University of Southern California, Howard was the first African-Amer-ican man to write for USC’s newspaper, titled the Daily Southern Californian, as well as being the first African-American man inducted into the Skull and Dagger Society, an exclu-sive academic club at USC. Before finishing his education, Howard enlisted and became a Sergeant in the Supply Company, 809th Pio-neer Infantry Regiment, and the Eighty-Eighth Division of the United States Army during World War I, and during that time, he ran and coached the Army track teams in Neil, France. Once leaving the Army and finishing law school, he became a judge in Hartford, Con-necticut and was elected to Justice of the Peace several times during the 1940s. Each of these positions was the first to be held by an African American in the State of Con-necticut. Mr. Speaker, as Springfield celebrates his legacy, let us remember all of Howard P. Drew’s outstanding achievements, as we re-call his legacy as a role model for today’s high school athletes and students all over the coun-try. 
f 
HONORING MRS. MARIAN KRUPICKA 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 3, 2016 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Marian Krupicka as Darien, Illinois’ Cit-izen of the Year 2016. Mrs. Krupicka first began her support of public libraries in 1978 by volunteering with the Darien Library, which at that time was housed in a bus. What started as a small book mobile in a parking lot in Darien in 1978 has grown to the renowned award winning Indian Prairie Public Library thanks to Mrs. Krupicka and her perseverance to achieve the best. Mrs. Krupicka’s contribution to the Darien community doesn’t stop at her library service; she also dedicated 30 years of her life to edu-cating students. She was a Language Arts and Social Studies teacher at Eisenhower High School. During her teaching career, she touched many students’ hearts through her ‘‘not one size fits all’’ teaching philosophy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mrs. Krupicka for being named Darien’s Citizen of the Year and thank her for the time, service, and commitment she has given to our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.025 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D213 Thursday, March 3, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1243–S1297 Measures Introduced: Twenty-one bills and six res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2622–2642, and S. Res. 385–390.
                                      Pages S1277–78 
Measures Passed: SAFE PIPES Act: Senate passed S. 2276, to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide en-hanced safety in pipeline transportation, after with-drawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                           Page S1292 
McConnell (for Fischer) Amendment No. 3427, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S1296 
World Lymphedema Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 389, designating March 6, 2016, as the first annual ‘‘World Lymphedema Day’’.
                 Page S1296 
World Wildlife Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 390, designating March 3, 2016 as ‘‘World Wildlife Day’’.
                                                                                Page S1296 
Measures Considered: Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act— Agreement: Senate continued consideration of S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescrip-tion opioid abuse and heroin use, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S1245–73 
Adopted: By a unanimous vote of 90 yeas (Vote No. 31), Manchin Amendment No. 3420 (to Amendment No. 3378), to strengthen consumer education about the risks of opioid abuse and addiction.
        Page S1263 
Pending: Grassley Amendment No. 3378, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                  Page S1245 
Grassley (for Donnelly/Capito) Modified Amend-ment No. 3374 (to Amendment No. 3378), to pro-vide follow-up services to individuals who have re-ceived opioid overdose reversal drugs.
            Page S1245 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Grassley Amendment No. 3378 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, March 3, 2016, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, March 7, 2016.                     Page S1273 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Grass-ley Amendment No. 3378.
                                  Page S1273 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the filing deadline for first-degree amendments to Grassley Amendment No. 3378, and to the bill, be at 3:30 p.m., on Monday, March 7, 2016.
                                                                                Page S1273 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 4 p.m., on Monday, March 7, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
        Page S1273 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Susan Louise Castaneda, of California, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers for a term of one year. Roberto R. Herencia, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private In-vestment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2018. Christopher James Brummer, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 19, 2016. Christopher James Brummer, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring June 19, 2021. Brian D. Quintenz, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring April 13, 2020. Routine lists in the Army and Navy.
        Page S1296 
Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR6.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD214 March 3, 2016 
Therese W. McMillan, of California, to be Federal Transit Administrator, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2015. Cassandra Q. Butts, of the District of Columbia, to be a Representative of the United States of Amer-ica to the Seventieth Session of the General Assem-bly of the United Nations, which was sent to the Senate on September 10, 2015. Barbara Lee, of California, to be a Representative of the United States of America to the Seventieth Session of the General Assembly of the United Na-tions, which was sent to the Senate on September 10, 2015. Christopher H. Smith, of New Jersey, to be a Representative of the United States of America to the Seventieth Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, which was sent to the Senate on September 10, 2015.
                                       Pages S1296–97 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1276 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1276 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1276–77 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S1277 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S1277 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1278–79 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1279–84 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1274–75 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1284–92 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1292 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—31)
                                                                   Page S1263 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:13 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, March 7, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1296.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Health and Human Services, after receiving testi-mony from Sylvia Burwell, Secretary of Health and Human Services. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded a hearing to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Commerce, after receiving testimony from Penny Pritzker, Secretary of Commerce. APPROPRIATIONS: VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION AND VETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018 for the Veterans Health Administration and Veterans Benefits Administra-tion, after receiving testimony from David J. Shulkin, Under Secretary for Health, Veterans Health Administration, and Danny G. I. Pummill, Acting Under Secretary for Benefits, Veterans Bene-fits Administration, both of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the posture of the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Deborah Lee James, Secretary, and General Mark A. Welsh III, USAF, Chief of Staff, both of the Depart-ment of the Air Force, Department of Defense. REGULATORY REFORMS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Invest-ment concluded a hearing to examine regulatory re-forms to improve equity market structure, after re-ceiving testimony from Stephen Luparello, Director, Division of Trading and Markets, Securities and Ex-change Commission; and Richard G. Ketchum, Fi-nancial Industry Regulatory Authority, Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 2555, to provide opportunities for broadband investment, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Massachusetts, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR6.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D215 March 3, 2016 
Transportation, Daniel B. Maffei, of New York, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner, and routine lists in the Coast Guard. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY BUDGET Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the De-partment of Energy, after receiving testimony from Ernest Moniz, Secretary of Energy. FREE TRADE AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine free trade agreement implementation, fo-cusing on lessons from the past, after receiving testi-mony from Sean P. Murphy, Qualcomm Incor-porated, San Diego, California; Steven Tepp, Sentinel Worldwide, Vienna, Virginia; and Glenn Prickett, The Nature Conservancy, and Jim Mulhern, Na-tional Milk Producers Federation, both of Arlington, Virginia. LIBYA Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the path forward in Libya, after receiving testimony from Frederic Wehrey, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Middle East Pro-gram, and Claudia Gazzini, International Crisis Group, both of Washington, D.C. DHS CANINE PROGRAMS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the dogs of the Department of Homeland Security, fo-cusing on how canine programs contribute to home-land security, after receiving testimony from Kim-berly Hutchinson, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Training and Development, and Doug Timberlake, Transportation Security Inspector, both of the Transportation Security Administration, and Damian Montes, Director, Canine Training Program, Office of Training and Development, Patrick Dowling, Officer/Instructor, and Jennifer Jones, Ag-riculture Specialist, each of Customs and Border Pro-tection, all of the Department of Homeland Security; Jennifer Grover, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Office; and Cyn-thia M. Otto, University of Pennsylvania Penn Vet Working Dog Center, Philadelphia. FEDERAL FISHERIES MANAGEMENT Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the impacts of Federal fisheries management on small businesses, including H.R. 3094, to amend the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to transfer to States the authority to manage red snap-per fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico, after receiving testimony from Representative Garret Graves; Pam-ela W. Anderson, Capt. Anderson’s Marina, Panama City Beach, Florida; Hughes Andry, Sportco Mar-keting, Richmond, Texas; Brad Gentner, Gentner Consulting Group, Tucson, Arizona; James Hayward, XI Northeast Fishery Sector, Portsmouth, New Hampshire; and Joshua B. Wiersma, Environmental Defense Fund, Boston, Massachusetts. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 38 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4677–4714; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 85; H. Con. Res. 123; and H. Res. 636–637 were introduced.
                                                Pages H1142–45 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1145–46 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by recorded vote of 217 ayes to 154 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 110. 
                                                                                    Pages H1134–35 Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 4557, to allow for judicial review of any final rule address-ing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule, by a yea-and-nay vote of 238 yeas to 163 nays, Roll No. 109. 
                                                                Pages H1121–28, H1129–34 
H. Res. 635, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4557) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 107, after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR6.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD216 March 3, 2016 
the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 106. 
                                                                                    Pages H1127–28 
Suspension-Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Tuesday, March 1st: Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office: S. 1826, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 406 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 108. 
                                                                                    Pages H1128–29 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Monday, March 7th.
                    Page H1135 
Congressional Advisors on Trade Policy and Ne-gotiations—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House as Congressional Advisors on Trade Policy and Negotiations: Representatives Brady (TX), Reichert, and Nunes.
                   Page H1141 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H1127–28, H1128, H1129, H1133–34 and H1134–35. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:54 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement. Testimony was heard from Joseph Pizarchik, Director, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement. APPROPRIATIONS—INSTALLATIONS, ENVIRONMENT, ENERGY AND BRAC Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on Installations, En-vironment, Energy and BRAC. Testimony was heard from Pete Potochney, performing the duties of As-sistant Secretary of Defense, Energy, Installations and Environment; Katherine G. Hammack, Assistant Secretary of the Army, Installations, Energy and En-vironment; Dennis V. McGinn, Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Energy, Installations and Environment; and Miranda A. A. Ballentine, Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, Installations, Environment and En-ergy. APPROPRIATIONS—ARMY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a budget hearing on the Army. Testimony was heard from Patrick Murphy, Acting Secretary, U.S. Army; and General Mark A. Milley, Chief of Staff, U.S. Army. APPROPRIATIONS—COAST GUARD Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-land Security held a budget hearing on the Coast Guard. Testimony was heard from Paul F. Zukunft, Commandant, U.S. Coast Guard. APPROPRIATIONS—BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on Bureau of Land Management. Testimony was heard from Neil Kornze, Director, Bureau of Land Management. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, MARKETING AND REGULATORY PROGRAMS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on Department of Agriculture, Marketing and Regulatory Programs. Testimony was heard from Ed Avalos, Under Secretary, Marketing and Regulatory Programs; Kevin Shea, Administrator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service; Elanor Starmer, Acting Administrator, Agriculture Marketing Serv-ice; Larry Mitchell, Administrator, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration; and Michael Young, Budget Officer, Department of Agriculture. NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION, OCEAN WORLDS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held an oversight hearing on National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Ocean Worlds. Testimony was heard from Charles Elachi, Director, Jet Propulsion Lab; and a public witness. THE MARINE CORPS 2017 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BUDGET REQUEST AND READINESS POSTURE Committee On Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Marine Corps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR6.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D217 March 3, 2016 
2017 Operation and Maintenance Budget Request and Readiness Posture’’. Testimony was heard from General John M. Paxton, Jr., USMC, Assistant Com-mandant of the Marine Corps; Lieutenant General Glenn M. Walters, USMC, Deputy Commandant for Programs and Resources, U.S. Marine Corps; and Major General Vincent A. Coglianese, USMC, As-sistant Deputy Commandant for Installations and Logistics (Plans), U.S. Marine Corps. DISRUPTER SERIES: WEARABLE DEVICES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Wearable Devices’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY OVERSIGHT: THE DOE LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Over-sight held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Energy Oversight: The DOE Loan Guarantee Pro-gram’’. Testimony was heard from Mark McCall, Ex-ecutive Director, Loan Programs Office, Department of Energy; Frank Rusco, Director, Natural Resources and Environment, Government Accountability Of-fice; and public witnesses. FISCAL YEAR 2017 ODNI BUDGET Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a hearing on Fiscal Year 2017 ODNI Budget. This hearing was closed. Joint Meetings 
VETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATIONS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Senate Committee con-cluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative pres-entation of multiple Veterans Service Organizations, after receiving testimony from Robert D. Stamper, Blinded Veterans Association, Hayden, Idaho; Chris Kinnard, Gold Star Wives of America, Inc., Colo-rado Springs, Colorado; Marsha Four, Vietnam Vet-erans of America, Springfield, Pennsylvania; Robert J. Puskar, Military Order of the Purple Heart, Para-dise Valley, Arizona; Ryan Kules, Wounded Warrior Project, Severna Park, Maryland; Mike Waite, Na-tional Guard Association of the United States, Alex-andria, Virginia; James Pidgeon, AMVETS, Tulare, California; and Al Kovach, Jr., Paralyzed Veterans of America, Coronado, California. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 7, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR6.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD218 March 3, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, March 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 4 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of S. 524, Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act. The filing deadline for first- degree amendments to Grassley Amendment No. 3378, and to the bill, is at 3:30 p.m. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Grassley Amend-ment No. 3378. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 4 p.m., Monday, March 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in pro forma session at 4 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E275 Benishek, Dan, Mich., E273 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E277 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E276 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E273 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E274, E275 Costa, Jim, Calif., E275 Cramer, Kevin, N.D., E273, E274, E275, E275 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E276 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E274 Ellmers, Renee L., N.C., E272 Farr, Sam, Calif., E272 Foster, Bill, Ill., E278 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E271 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E271 Katko, John, N.Y., E273 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E277 Larson, John B., Conn., E277 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E277 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E274 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E275 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E278 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E271, E273, E274 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E274 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E277 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E272 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E273 Scott, David, Ga., E271 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E276 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E271 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E272 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E276 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03MR6.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST